===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy Inc.'s First Quarter 2025 Business Update and Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Kevin Cole, Head of Treasury and Investor Relations to read the Safe Harbor and introduce the call. You may begin.
Kevin Cole: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's first quarter and business update call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast. Today’s webcast, presentations and press release can be located in the investor section of our website www.nrg.com under Presentation and Webcast. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based upon assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation and earnings release. And now with that, I'll now turn the call over to Larry Coben, NRG's Chair, President and CEO.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning everyone and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined today by Bruce Chung, our Chief Financial Officer. Other members of the management team are also on the line and available for questions. This morning marks a defining step for NRG. Alongside our outstanding first quarter results, we are announcing the acquisition of a portfolio of assets from LS Power comprised of 13 gigawatts of natural gas generation and a 6 gigawatt commercial and industrial Virtual Power Plant platform located across the Northeast and Texas. This acquisition expands our generation base, improves our ability to serve customers, positions us naturally long versus our retail load in all core markets, and increases our asymmetric exposure to demand growth across U.S. Power markets. Let's turn to Slide 4 for the key takeaways of today's call. We delivered the strongest first quarter adjusted EBITDA in company history, surpassing last year's record by 30%. We are reaffirming our 2025 financial guidance ranges. Second, the acquisition of the LS Power Portfolio reshapes our competitive position. It improves how we serve customers by doubling our own generation and materially strengthening our virtual power plant operations. This significantly expands our earnings potential and positions us to capture meaningful upside as power markets tighten. Third, we are raising our five year adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate to 14%, a 40% increase to the base plan we presented in February, reflecting the combined contributions of today's acquisition and the Rockland Portfolio addition. This outlook maintains a flat view of power and capacity prices and does not include potential upsides such as rising prices, data centers and other large load contracts or success in our full TEF pipeline. Finally, we remain disciplined in capital allocation. We are maintaining a strong balance sheet, returning substantial capital to shareholders, investing in growth and positioning the business for sustained long-term value creation. Turning to slide 5 with the quarterly results and key highlights, Adjusted EPS for the first quarter was $2.68, an 84% increase compared to the first quarter of last year. This improvement was driven by strong asset performance, expanded consumer margins, favorable weather and natural gas optimization in the Northeast. We are reaffirming our 2025 financial guidance reflecting strong year-to-date performance and the expected contribution from the Rockland acquisition. First quarter results were exceptional and we are already tracking at the upper end of our full year guidance ranges. This reflects disciplined execution on margins, supply optimization and strong operating performance across every aspect of our business. We delivered top decile safety performance and outstanding fleet reliability. Our third Texas Energy Fund Project Greens Bayou was selected for due diligence review in March, bringing all three of our brownfield projects into that program totaling 1.5 gigawatts of capacity. Separately, we secured an additional 1.2 gigawatts of GE Vernova turbine reservations, a direct result of accelerating customer conversations and rising demand signals. We now hold a total of 2.4 gigawatt of total slot reservations for projects that are expected to begin operations in 2029 and 2030. These slot reservations demonstrate confidence in our commercial discussions and ensure we can act quickly where long-term premium power purchase agreements support new development. Finally, we completed $445 million in share repurchases through April, leaving $855 million remaining to be completed through the end of 2025. With that, let's turn to the details of the acquisition starting on slide 7, we are acquiring 13 gigawatts of natural gas capacity and a 6 gigawatt C&I virtual power plant platform from LS Power for an enterprise value of approximately $12 billion. This is a highly strategic acquisition that strengthens our position as one of the nation's leading competitive power generators. We're acquiring these assets at a significant discount to new build cost, at an attractive valuation and at the strategically opportune time to be adding high quality, difficult to replicate resources into our portfolio as the sector enters into a period of sustained demand growth. We would also note that LS Power will receive a meaningful portion of the transaction consideration in NRG shares. LS Power will receive approximately $2.8 billion of equity as consideration and own approximately 11% of NRG at closing. This is LS Power's largest single equity investment in firm history, which I think speaks for itself in terms of their confidence in our company's future. We welcome them as a future large shareholder in our company. The acquisition is built on four key pillars. First, it more than doubles the size of our generation fleet, creating a pro forma portfolio of 25 gigawatts of owned capacity. Second, it enhances and magnifies our opportunity to create value in the emerging power market super cycle by expanding our scale in key competitive regions to strengthening our large load strategy and increasing our asymmetric upside opportunities. Third, it improves our credit risk profile, supporting a long-term net debt to adjusted EBITDA target of less than three times and a balanced capital allocation plan including $1 billion in annual share repurchases through our deleveraging period. Fourth, it delivers immediate and substantial accretion while establishing an even stronger foundation for sustained long-term growth. Let me take you through each of these pillars in detail beginning on slide 8. This transaction transforms our portfolio. We are acquiring the largest privately held natural gas generation fleet and the leading C&I virtual power plant platform. In the East, we are adding approximately 11 gigawatts of natural gas fired capacity with 75% of that in PJM and the balance in NYISO, and NYISO-NE. These assets include some of the highest capacity factor combined cycle units and most efficient peakers in PJM. Several of the peakers also present opportunities for conversion and upgrades to combined cycle plans, improving long-term flexibility and value. In Texas, we are acquiring more than 2 gigawatts of capacity in the North Zone. This strengthens and diversifies our Houston focused fleet and shifts our residential supply position to naturally long. These assets improve our ability to serve both large and small customers and give us more control over meeting demand in a tightening supply environment while at the same time lowering our cost to serve. The acquisition also includes CPower, the national leader in distributed energy optimization with 6 gigawatts of commercial and industrial virtual power plant capacity. We believe this is the premier C&I VPP platform valued for its proprietary software and managing more than 2,000 customers across 60 grid programs. The business has 95% retention and a well-diversified customer base spanning commercial, industrial, government, education and health care sectors. As customer demand becomes more dynamic and the grid more constrained, we believe this capability will meaningfully grow in value. It gives us the tools and scale to serve customers, support reliability and compete in a market that increasingly values flexibility. Pro forma, the combined portfolio gives NRG a balanced mix of resources and significant excess supply relative to our residential retail load. In Texas, we expect to generate enough output from our own plants to serve our residential retail load. In PJM, we will produce more than twice the energy required to serve our retail customers and the acquisition gives us embedded upside as market conditions evolve. We are also impressed by the regulatory momentum in both markets. In Texas, SB6 [ph] is progressing and we see it as an important step toward improving transparency and clarifying how large loads connects to the system. In PJM, we are seeing constructive progress on key issues. We feel good about where both markets are headed. Moving to Slide 9 the transaction significantly strengthens NRG's ability to capture upside as demand grows. With the addition of this portfolio, we will hold the third largest natural gas generation portfolio in the East and Texas. This puts us at competitive scale alongside other top players in the sector and enhances our position to meet rising load and respond to changing market conditions. We've already identified 1 gigawatts of potential upgrades through converting peakers to combined cycle plants in the east, creating a clear path to expand output using existing sites and meeting large load additionality requests. The acquisition meaningfully increases the number of sites available to support large loads in data centers, positioning us to meet the needs of hyperscalers and other large load customers and the emerging demand across our core markets. Importantly, none of these opportunities are incorporated into the accretion and growth metrics. Let me repeat that none of these opportunities are incorporated into the accretion and growth metric. Together, these advantages position NRG to capture value well beyond our base forecast with multiple avenues for upside as markets tighten and customer demand for more customized supply solutions increases. Turning to Slide 10 beyond the strategic and operational drivers, we want to outline how this strengthens NRG's long-term financial foundation. What sets this acquisition apart is not just the quality of the assets, it is the way it accelerates our growth trajectory and reinforces our ability to deliver durable shareholder value. It exceeds our hurdle rates, produces immediate and substantial accretion, lowers risk and positions NRG for sustained financial strength. We are committed to a balanced capital allocation program that prioritizes deleveraging and includes both substantial return of shareholder capital and growth investment. We expect to return at least $1 billion annually to shareholders via share repurchases while maintaining our target 7% to 9% annual dividend per share growth even through the deleveraging period. We are targeting $3.7 billion of debt reduction related to the acquisition. Once we have achieved our targeted credit metrics, we plan to return to our 80% capital return and 20% growth allocation framework. Turning to slide 11 for a summary of headline metrics. This is an exceptionally accretive acquisition that delivers significant immediate value, including $1.6 billion of incremental adjusted EBITDA, $1 billion of free cash flow before growth and double-digit percentage accretion in adjusted EPS and free cash flow per share. Over the medium and long-term, it lifts our adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate by 40%, bringing it to 14% through 2029 and to repeat, this 14% growth rate does not include any additional upside opportunities such as rising power prices or data centers. With that, I'll turn it over to the man who today is the most famous Bruce from New Jersey, Bruce Chung, to walk you through the financial details.
Bruce Chung: Thank you, Larry. Before turning to our exciting announcement today, I am going to provide a brief overview of our fantastic first quarter financial results. Turning to Slide 13, I am pleased to share that NRG delivered record first quarter financial results with $2.68 in adjusted earnings per share and over $1.1 billion in adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted net income was $531 million and free cash flow before growth was $293 million. Compared to the first quarter of last year, we achieved an impressive 84% increase in adjusted EPS and a 30% increase in adjusted EBITDA. Each of our segments executed exceptionally in the first quarter and produced strong financial results over the prior year. Our results were driven by a mix of expanded margins, favorable weather and excellent commercial optimization in our east, west and Texas segments, as well as continued customer growth and net service margin expansion in our smart home segments. First quarter 2025 free cash flow before growth exceeded the same period in 2024 by $333 million, largely driven by our strong EBITDA growth and the timing of certain working capital items. With the strong performance delivered in the first quarter, we are reaffirming our 2025 financial guidance across all metrics while also noting that we are trending at the upper end of our guidance range. I look forward to providing you updates on subsequent earnings calls. Turning to 2025 capital allocation there are minimal changes to our original capital allocation outlook compared to what I shared in our February call. We began 2025 with $525 million in unallocated excess cash from the prior year, largely driven by the Airtron divestiture that closed in the fourth quarter. When combined with the midpoint of our free cash flow before growth guidance that brought the starting 2025 capital allocation capital available for allocation to over $2.6 billion. Our plan to execute $1.3 billion in share repurchases remains unchanged. Through April 30th we executed $445 million in share repurchases. We generally manage our share repurchases through periodic 10b5-1 trading plans, which enables a more programmatic and regular approach to when we are buying in the market. We enter into these plans during open windows when we do not possess material non-public information. These plans will execute over several months or longer and are designed to allow for the continued execution of share repurchases if or when we come into possession of material non-public information during such period. Wrapping up the slide we are showing a slight change from the chart presented during our last earnings call to reflect financing fees related to our liability management program and incremental capital for our new build program, which includes amounts for turbine reservation slots through the GE Kiewit partnership we announced last quarter. Finally, we are showing 40 million of unallocated capital, which we will allocate over the course of the year. Moving to Slide 15 for a look at the key terms of the acquisition, we are announcing today. I echo Larry's excitement that NRG will be acquiring a transformative 13-gigawatt portfolio, adding diversity and scale to our generation strategy while also acquiring the premier C&I VPP platform in the U.S. This is a highly complementary and strategic acquisition and a very compelling transaction from a financial perspective. As you can see on the slide, Enterprise Value for the portfolio is $12 billion representing a very attractive multiple of 7.5 times 2026 EBITDA. The Enterprise Value includes $2.8 billion of stock consideration, which is based on 24.25 million shares that we will issue to LS Power multiplied by the 10-day trailing volume weighted average price as of last Friday. In addition to the stock consideration, the Enterprise Value includes $3.2 billion of existing debt at the acquired companies and $6.4 billion of cash consideration paid to LS Power, less approximately $400 million of the NPV of tax benefits generated directly as a result of the acquisition. The acquisition is highly accretive with 18% accretion to adjusted EPS in year one and adds $1.85 per share on a run rate basis on free cash level for growth per share the transaction is more than 20% accretive in year one and adds $3.25 per share on a run rate basis. As a result of the highly accretive nature of the acquisition, we are raising our long-term adjusted EPS and free cash flow per share growth rates to greater than 14% and that's before upside opportunities. The acquisition significantly enhances NRG's credit profile and helps support a long-term leverage target of less than three times net debt to EBITDA. We expect all three rating agencies to affirm our current credit ratings. From a capital allocation perspective, we remain committed to maintaining both a strong balance sheet and a robust return of capital program. As such, we expect to execute $1 billion in annual share repurchases while aggressively repaying $3.7 billion of debt over 24 months to 36 months post closing until we achieve our target credit metrics. Upon achieving our target credit metrics, we expect to return to our 80/20 capital allocation framework. Finally, we anticipate closing this transaction during the first quarter of 2026 after the receipt of various regulatory approvals. Turning to an overview of our acquisition-financing plan on slide 16, the acquisition will be funded through the issuance of NRG stock to LS Power, $6.4 billion of new secured and unsecured debt financings and the assumption of $3.2 billion of existing debt. The stock consideration represents 23% of the Total Enterprise value and reflects LS Power's strong conviction in NRG's post acquisition value. The funding plan for the new debt is designed to preserve credit quality and maintain our commitment to a strong balance sheet. We expect to be opportunistic in the market between now and the anticipated closing date to place permanent financing at compelling rates while also maximizing prepayment flexibility given our aggressive deleveraging plan post closing. Our investment grade senior secured rating will allow us to tap the very liquid and cost effective investment grade debt market which greatly enhances our ability to place permanent debt for the transaction. As always, the strength of our balance sheet remains a top priority. Consistent with the views of the rating agencies, we firmly believe this acquisition enhances our credit profile and mitigates key financial risks. We intend to reduce debt by $3.7 billion within 24 months to 36 months after closing to ensure we achieve our long-term target investment grade credit metrics. Based on our analysis, this is very achievable and does not rely on any significant power and capacity price increases, nor does the plan rely on achieving any cost or revenue synergies associated with the acquisition. Furthermore, we expect the transaction to provide at least $500 million of potential collateral efficiencies translating into tens of millions of dollars in carrying cost savings annually. We have not included any of this in our pro forma. The combination of the strong free cash flow generation of the combined businesses, our financing plan and its associated debt reduction creates tremendous flexibility to maintain a robust return of capital program post closing. As I said earlier, we intend to execute $1 billion of share repurchases annually through the deleveraging period while continuing to grow our common dividend per share 7 to 9%. On slide 17, we provide an overview of how the transaction impacts our long-term adjusted EPS growth trajectory. The transaction is immediately accretive by 18% in year one and will add $1.85 per share of incremental run rate earnings by 2029. Combined with the recent acquisition of the Rockland Texas portfolio, this acquisition will increase our long-term adjusted EPS growth rate from greater than 10% to greater than 14%. What is noteworthy is that 80% of our long-term growth will come from our previously announced organic growth plan and the accretive earnings from our acquisitions, with the remaining 20% attributed to our return of capital program. Recall that this mix was closer to 50:50 back in our third quarter earnings call, thereby demonstrating how this transaction significantly enhances the source of our long-term earnings growth and substantially reduces the impact that an increasing share price would have on our ability to achieve our adjusted EPS growth targets. For example, if today our stock price were to only partially close its valuation discount and reach $200 per share, our compound annual growth rate would be around 12%. Furthermore, this uplift in our growth rate only considers the accretion of the transaction itself based on flat power markets. Consistent with the 10% CAGR we unpacked in our third quarter 2024 earnings call, our raised adjusted EPS growth rate does not account for any potential upside related to increases in energy and capacity prices as well as any impacts from our data center and large load strategy. Moving on to pro forma capital allocation on Slide 18 as highlighted earlier, the portfolio we are acquiring will add $1 billion of annual free cash flow on a run rate basis. This results in $4 billion of incremental free cash flow before growth for the 2026-2029 period, which when added to our standalone capital available for allocation, results in $13.3 billion of excess cash. As discussed earlier, we will aggressively reduce debt by $3.7 billion over the next 24 to 36 months. Despite the incremental debt reduction, our return of capital program remains largely unchanged from what we discussed on our third quarter earnings call. The pro forma plan provides for $7.4 billion of return of capital comprised of $5.7 billion in share repurchases and $1.7 billion of common dividends. Forecasted expenditures for growth investments remains at $1.3 billion for the period. The free cash flow from the acquired portfolio will materially enhance NRG's capital return and growth investment flexibility following the deleveraging period in 2029 and beyond, putting NRG on solid footing for sustained earnings per share growth. Finally, we forecast $400 million of remaining CAFA, which we will allocate as appropriate in the given period. Turning to slide 19 for a brief overview on pro forma credit profile. The physical attributes of the acquired generation assets, additional earnings diversity from the portfolio and incremental scale to NRG's platform will translate into a more enhanced credit position for NRG as a whole. The aforementioned credit enhancing attributes of this acquisition support a long-term investment grade, target credit metric of less than 3 times net debt to EBITDA, up from our current target range of 2.5 times to 2.75 times. As you can see from the table, both our stand-alone and pro forma plans ensure that we achieve our targeted credit metrics. On a pro forma run rate basis, we will add $6.4 billion of incremental debt supported by the additional EBITDA from this acquisition and the Rockland portfolio acquisition. The $3.7 billion of incremental debt reduction in the pro forma column will be done through internally generated cash flows over a 24 months to 36 months period after closing. This debt reduction is an important component of our pro forma capital allocation plan and demonstrates our commitment to a strong balance sheet. We expect all three rating agencies to affirm our credit ratings, which was a critical component to our evaluation of this transaction. Our high BB unsecured and investment grade secured credit ratings have historically provided advantageous access and pricing in the debt markets. Our acquisition, financing and pro forma debt reduction plans were carefully crafted to ensure that we will maintain good access to those markets. NRG continues to produce impressive financial results and the highly complementary and accretive transaction we announced today further enhances our earnings profile while enabling NRG to maintain a strong balance sheet and continued significant return of capital. I look forward to updating you throughout the balance of the year. With that, I'll turn it back to you, Larry.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Bruce. I think you can see our Bruce is not dancing in the dark. Beginning on slide 21, our long-term outlook. As we have outlined today, this acquisition supercharges our outlook to 14% compound annual growth in adjusted EPS and free cash flow before growth per share through 2029 while reducing our overall risk. These are very achievable targets built on a stronger platform, greater scale and a more flexible asset base. Our increased growth forecast reflects contributions from the acquisition portfolio and Rockland being added to our base plan that we rolled out last November. Again, it does not include upside from rising power prices, premium large load contracts or execution of our full TEF development pipeline. We have the scale, reach and balance sheet to lead through the most dynamic period this sector has ever seen. Today's announcement significantly strengthens our earnings power, improves our risk profile and expands our ability to return capital to shareholders. But more than that, it unlocks significantly more potential in a market entering a period of sustained structural growth. Before we open the line for questions, I want to recognize Rasesh Patel who is retiring this week. Rasesh played a central role in the successful integration of Vivint and in building the country's leading smart home and retail energy platform. His strategic clarity, steady hand and focus on execution have helped define the NRG we are building today. We will miss him for that and for his friendship. On behalf of all of us, thank you Rasesh. We wish you and your family the very best and we are proud to have you remain part of the NRG family as a customer and long-term shareholder. We expect to name Rasesh's successor by the end of the second quarter. Operator, we are ready for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, team, good morning. Thank you guys so much for the time. Nicely done.
Larry Coben: Thank you. Julien, good morning. How are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, great, Larry. Thank you so much. Let's dig right in here. First off, in that EBITDA real quick, I just want to make sure I heard a couple things right. And if you can clarify. So you're assuming $50 and $47 for the PGM and ERCOT, respectively. I think that's below market forwards today. I just want to try to understand a little bit on that. And then separately in that EBITDA, what portion is CPower and how do you think about growth? There's as well as how do you think about the synergies? I think you are not including anything in that 1.6 number, but do you want to just break down that EBITDA and the acquisition a little bit and just think about the various meaningful levers, if you don't mind?
Larry Coben: Sure. I can start and then go on. I think there's about four questions in there, Julien, but let me try to get to them all. We wanted to use the same pricing that we've been using when we rolled out our plan so that it would be simple for shareholders to compare them apples to apples, to really show the power of this acquisition. Obviously, if we raise the pricing to current market, all the numbers would be significantly higher but we choose not to do that to make the comparative life for everybody far, far simpler. Second question was CPower I think. We are really excited about what CPower represents. I think we've seen VPP be a very powerful tool for us already both on the C&I and beginning to roll it out now on the residential side. And I think stay tuned, we'll be rolling out some more thoughts on VPP as the year goes on. There was a third question, Julien. I'm sorry, I can't remember what it was.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Actually. What's the…
Larry Coben: Yes, exactly. Synergies was the third one, Julien. We expect to find some synergies, but this is not a deal predicated on synergies in any way, shape or form. And if we we're assuming zero and still showing the power, anything else will be additional benefit to our stockholders.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Then separate more strategic one. How do you think about doing more? You've done a couple things here in quick succession here. And I mean that both in power, but also specifically retail. How do you think about this enabling you? Because this kind of flips the equation from earlier to do more retail, conceivably, whether that's organically build out more resale presence or inorganically. Any thoughts there?
Larry Coben: You want more, Julien? It's Monday morning. Look, Julien, I think what it does is give us enormous amounts of optionality across all of our customer bases, be it in the home or in the C&I book. It enables us to customize longer-term solutions for people who want those who CPower markets. So I think it actually puts us in a position where we can grow across our spectrum of customers. Again, we didn't really assume that in this beyond the growth plan that we had rolled out a couple months back. But putting all that together, we're super confident about the opportunity set that this provides to us. I mean, I think it's exponentially higher. I mean, we have doubled the portfolio, but we've more than doubled the opportunity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. And clarifying there, the amount of growth reflected in retail or CPower, what have you in your projected assumptions here. Can you break that down and clarify that within the organic piece of your longer-term target?
Larry Coben: Yes. If you take zero and then multiply it by zero, that's the answer. It's zero.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay.
Larry Coben: We have not put any.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just needed to clarify.
Larry Coben: We have not put any gross into that. Sorry, Julien, zero is the correct answer.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Excellent. Thank you guys for that. I appreciate it. Nicely done again.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Larry Coben: Morning, Shah. How are you?
Shahriar Pourreza: Good. I don't think I'll ever question whether Bruce is working hard enough after today's announcement.
Larry Coben: Yes, street sure. Damn straight. He's trying to get that bonus back. There he goes.
Shahriar Pourreza: Larry, this deal seems like it's another huge vote of confidence, I guess for the industry in the eastern generation, I guess. What has changed? What was it that changed the company's views on your position in Eastern markets? Is it capacity, energy volatility, the price? Just trying to understand a little bit more on your views on Eastern markets, how that's evolved, especially on the heels of some of the PJM states floating opportunities for wires companies to own generation, which to me seems like a bit of a tail risk. Let's pass it to you. Yes.
Larry Coben: Look, Shah. I think we've always, as we said, liked PJM market. We just weren't really in a position to be a strong generation player in it. The developments that are going on, be they for data centers, be they for beat large load, be they for tightening capacity markets, be they for the recent settlement on capacity, all give us a great deal of comfort on where this has to go. And Shah, we also, we run a lot of sensitivities. It won't surprise you. We don't need exorbitant capacity or energy prices for this to be an exceptionally, exceptionally accretive transaction. PJM is probably where we have the most asymmetric gearing to the upside and so that's why we like it. We don't see any way that market can't tighten, but even if it doesn't, this is an exceptionally accretive transaction.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it, Got it. And then are there any large, is there any large customer or colocation deal tied to these assets? Are there ones you're inheriting from LS or ones that you've been working on but just didn't previously have the Gen 4?
Larry Coben: Nothing yet, sure. But we believe it will definitely enhance our large load and data center strategy, but nothing we're prepared to talk about at this time.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. And then just lastly, I guess, how do you go about unlocking the $500 million in collateral efficiency? Does it require you to hit IG first? Any. Just rough guidance on how to at least think about potential synergies there. Thanks.
Bruce Chung: Yes, no Shah, it’s Bruce. I think that's really just a function of having generation now alongside a pretty significant C&I book and being able to sort of match that up appropriately. That's something that we're going to be able to do just by our own internal means.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. Big congrats, guys. Larry, everything. Bruce, I'm very proud of you this morning. Thanks guys.
Bruce Chung: Thank you, Shah. I feel like such a good son now.
Shahriar Pourreza: Thanks.
Bruce Chung: Thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi there. Congrats. Congrats to Larry and team. So I guess my data center question was just asked Just a couple other details. The shares that you are issuing is there. That's just that fixed amount of shares. There's no like collars or anything else like that related to it.
Larry Coben: Correct.
Steve Fleishman: That is good. And then just. Could you just go through the path of deleveraging in terms of just like where are you after year one of closing and then how do you then get down to the three times?
Larry Coben: Yes, I see. So like I said, we're going to be deleveraging through internally generated cash flow. Year one after close will probably be right around 3.5 times. And then we'll tick down steadily over the following two years until we get to three times.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, so not that far off to three. Yep. Good. And then I guess you touched on it a little bit, but just on the data center strategy that you have been talking about. Well, I guess the two strategies you've been talking about previously. First the data centers, it sounds like you're hoping to lock Those up in Q2, the Menlo and the PowLan. And then also just the new build strategy. So even you are still bullish on pursuing continued new build generation even as we have seen prices go up and the like for the cost of new build?
Larry Coben: We are. We think that, additionality is still going to be a big part of people's data center strategies going forward. And we now have the optionality to be able to do that. And we're continuing to all the things we said about, data centers in the last call. Let me just reaffirm and reiterate those. Our view on data centers hasn't changed. Obviously, we didn't spend much time on it in this presentation because there were some other things to talk about.
Steve Fleishman: Understood. Great. Congrats again.
Larry Coben: Thank you. Steve.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our final question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Oh, hey, thanks so much. Good morning.
Larry Coben: Hi David, how are you?
David Arcaro: Good, good. Congratulations. Hey, I was thinking, or I was wondering, at a, at a higher strategic level, how does your, how does the overall NRG portfolio look in your view right now? There have been, it seems like a bunch of transformations now over the last couple of years after this acquisition. Is this a good balance? Are there holes or opportunities versus what you think the overall kind of ideal NRG portfolio looks like?
Larry Coben: Yes, look, I think we really like where we sit in portfolio both in terms of exposure to markets, large loads, data centers, then layering in on top of that the optionality we have with GE and Kiewit to provide additionality. We really like where we sit in every segment of the market, be it generation, be it large load, be it data center, be it retail. We are really quite pleased with the way this portfolio enables us to compete across the board in every competitive market we want to be in.
David Arcaro: Okay, great, understood. And then I was wondering, is there, if you were to, are you able to give, if you were to mark to market just what the EBITDA and cash flow output would be on the current forward curves and maybe a bit of a follow on to that. But, a lot of the new assets are peakers and you've got a decent amount of exposure here to the PGM capacity auction. Wondering if you could talk about just how much exposure there is. What's the sensitivity to capacity prices here? And kind of, how do you, how do you look at the outlook for PGM capacity?
Larry Coben: Look, I don't think the assumptions that we've utilized and that you can see in some of the appendices really are particularly aggressive or require high levels of capacity. Auction, you could run this across a series of sensitivities, David, and you are still going to get this incredible double-digit accretive outcomes that we're looking at here. So I think we'll end up providing some more color over time as to exactly how those sensitivities work but we're super confident that across a wide variety of potential outcomes in the market, this is an outstandingly good transaction. Bruce, do you want to add anything to that?
Bruce Chung: Yes David, in terms of your point about this portfolio having a good number of peakers. That's correct. But if you think about the gross margin associated with the portfolio, it's actually probably more 55% energy, 45% capacity, and that's in large part because of the CCGTs that are in the portfolio are very efficient and have very high runtime. So you can think about it that way.
David Arcaro: Got it, got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And maybe just sneak in one more. Just thinking about the incremental free cash flow before growth, it seems like a good portion of the incremental free cash flow is going toward debt pay. But essentially as you get out after that 24 months to 36 months, that's going no further commitments at that point. At that point it’s incremental, kind of be used toward your overall capital allocation framework, the 80/20.
Bruce Chung: Yes, that's right. That's what we said. We said post the deleveraging period we would expect to go back to that 80/20 framework.
David Arcaro: Excellent. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: And pardon me, we did have someone else queue up for a question. So one moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe just one for me. Just on the standalone business, on the home VPP opportunity, can you just talk a little bit about how that's tracking post launch in terms of the uptake and how you feel about the ultimate margin opportunity there relative to what you've laid out on prior calls?
Larry Coben: Carly, I'm going to let Rachish answer that because this is going to be the last question he gets to answer on a call. So thank you for asking.
Rasesh Patel: On that note, Carly, I feel incredibly bullish about where we sit on the home BPP opportunity. If you recall the third quarter earnings call, we had stated that we expect to exit this year with about 20 megawatts of VPP capacity, growing to 300 by the end of 2027. We are right now expecting to exit this year with 150 megawatts of residential demand response capacity. So we're tracking really well. The reception from consumers has been outstanding because essentially, this is incremental value add to the customer. They are getting a smart thermostat, adorable camera, a free installation, all as a part of being an NRG customer. And in fact, we have been moderating our demand just so that we can hire enough installers in Texas to fulfill the customer demand. And then lastly, in terms of kind of the margin and earnings part of this, the thing that has really surprised us in a positive way is of the customers that have taken this value proposition from us, close to half were already upgraded to other recurring revenue services within the NRT family. And so this not only helps us moderate supply costs, gives us a differentiated and a stickier value proposal with the retail customer, but we're now getting incremental recurring revenue and margin for the customer. So all systems are a go. We launched the offering across the state and across all channels at the start of this month, and we are hiring as fast as we can to ensure that we can fulfill the demand. That's great. Appreciate that. And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Larry Coben: Thank you.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Larry Coben.
Larry Coben: Thank you all for your interest in NRG. I think you can hear the palpable excitement that we have in the room for this transaction and the opportunities that it provides us. We look forward to providing you more information in the days and quarters ahead. And really thank you all for being shareholders of NRG.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to NRG Energy, Inc. fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star one one on your telephone. I would now like to hand the call over to Kevin Cole, Head of Treasury and Investor Relations, to read the Safe Harbor and introduce the call. Thank you. Morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings guidance. Morning's call is being broadcast live, over the phone, and via webcast. The webcast and presentation earnings release can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements which are based upon assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, now with that, I'll now turn the call over to Larry Coben, NRG's chair, president, and CEO.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Bruce Chung, our CFO, Rasesh Patel, Head of NRG Consumer, and Rob Gaudette, Head of NRG Business, who will provide an update on our large load and data center strategy. Other members of our team are also on the call and available for questions. 2024 was a defining year for NRG. Every part of our business performed at a high level, and the momentum behind our strategy continues to build. We exceeded the high end of our raised EPS guidance range and delivered record financial and operational results. This marks our second consecutive year of outperformance, reinforcing the strength of our platform and the power of our disciplined execution. We are well positioned to deliver at least 10% EPS CAGR growth through 2029, by the base plan that we provided you on our last earnings call. Beyond that plan, we see significant upside from power market trends, site monetization, and our data center and other large load strategy. We are unlocking these upside opportunities on multiple fronts. By establishing an integrated partnership to accelerate new natural gas generation development, by signing multiple letters of intent with data center developers, and by advancing our 1.5 gigawatts of brownfield development projects in Texas. These initiatives strengthen our platform and create significant long-term value. Turning to slide five. In our 2024 results, we delivered record financial performance while advancing key strategic priorities. Our adjusted EPS of $6.83 per share exceeded the midpoint of our increased guidance range by 8% and was 45% higher than 2023. We exceeded targets across all key financial metrics, achieving the highest adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth in our company's history. Kudos to everyone on the teams that made that happen. Strong execution across the business drove these results, supported by expanded power and natural gas margins in the East and West, customer growth in the East, and customer growth and expanded margins in Spartan Oil. Texas also delivered with earnings approximately $150 million per year higher year over year when adjusted for asset sales and planned maintenance. Despite much milder weather, this reflects the strength of our integrated platform and the expertise of our commercial operations team in capturing value and driving results. For the ninth consecutive year, we achieved top decile safety performance. We also strengthened our reporting disclosures, achieved our synergy targets, and introduced a five-year growth plan. We also continued to advance major strategic initiatives. Our home-based essentials pilot delivered strong results, supporting the announcement of a 1 gigawatt virtual power plant partnership in Texas. We also made considerable progress on our 1.5 gigawatt of shovel-ready brownfield development projects in Texas, with two of those in TES due diligence. TH Wharton remains in due diligence and is on track for completion in 2026. Cedar Bayou five, a 689 megawatt combined cycle project, was recently selected for TES review. Our third site, Greens Bayou six, is eligible for TES and remains a viable capacity option. Notably, turbines are either on-site or manufacturing slots are secured for all three of these projects, making them the most advanced in the state. We remain laser-focused on operational excellence. You can see this across the board from our plant availability statistics to our leveraging of AI to enhance operations and improve customer service. Across our business and consumer segments, we also successfully entered the Lubbock, Texas retail market and have already become its largest provider. Disciplined capital allocation remains a cornerstone strategy. In 2024, we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders, increased our dividend by 8%, and achieved investment-grade credit metrics a year ahead of schedule. Turning to slide six. We are building on two consecutive years of strong execution. We are reaffirming our 2025 guidance, and we're well positioned to continue delivering on our long-term growth plan. Our business is stronger than ever, and the opportunities have never been greater. As discussed in our November earnings call, we are charging at least 10% EPS CAGR through 2029, before considering additional upside opportunities. Our base plan is primarily driven by $750 million in run rate adjusted EBITDA growth and $8.8 billion of capital returned to shareholders over the next five years. On this base plan, we have multiple levers to increase additional value that are not included in that plan. These include premium data center power purchase agreements, execution of our data center site strategy, exposure to rising power prices, and expansion of our supply portfolio. Our priorities for 2025 are clear. We will execute our organic growth plan, launch our virtual power plant program, return capital to shareholders, and advance these key upside opportunities. With a strong foundation in place, we are positioned to drive exceptional shareholder value and close the gap to our fair valuation. With that, I'll hand it over to Rob Gaudette, Head of NRG Business, for an update on our large load and data center strategy.
Rob Gaudette: Thank you, Larry. Turning to slide seven, the power sector is undergoing a structural shift. Driven by accelerating electrification, industrial expansion, and the rapid scaling of AI and data centers. This transformation is exciting. It's real. And it's fueling what we believe to be the start of a power demand super cycle. NRG is uniquely positioned to capture this value. Our commercial natural gas and power platform and our development team are unlocking significant opportunities. We're pairing these capabilities with strategic partnerships to further solidify our leadership. Over the next few slides, I'll take you through the state of the power markets, the advancement of our data center and large load strategy, and how our portfolio is geared to benefit significantly from market tightening. Beginning on slide eight, it is clear we've entered a new era of power demand growth. Markets that once saw only modest growth or even declines are now experiencing significant and sustained increases. All indicators point to continued acceleration in the years ahead. This surge is being driven by large-scale industrial onshoring, oil and gas expansion, the electrification of transportation in the home, and an unprecedented wave of data center development. ERCOT and PJM are at the forefront of load growth. Since November, ERCOT's large load interconnection forecast has expanded by 30%, reinforcing Texas as the nation's fastest-growing power market. With low energy costs, a business-friendly regulatory framework, and the ability to bring projects online quickly, Texas is uniquely positioned to capture this demand at scale. PJM is also a key market. Home to some of the most established data center hubs in the country. With the signs of the market tightening now and into the future. The impact on supply is clear. Reserve capacity is tightening as new load comes online. While not every new project will move forward as planned, even a fraction of this growth would significantly impact supply-demand dynamics. The structural forces driving market tightening are still taking shape. And we remain in the early stages of this transformation. The companies that scale efficiently, optimize supply, and act decisively will be best positioned to capture the opportunities ahead. We like where we stand. Turning to Slide nine, Power demand is rising as the grid becomes increasingly dependent on intermittent resources. In competitive markets, over 90% of the planned capacity additions consist of solar wind, or battery storage. While only 26 gigawatts of natural gas capacity is queued in ERCOT. And 8 gigawatts of PJM. At current growth projections, this falls well short of what is needed to keep pace with accelerating demand. Compounding the issue, a large short share of the projects in the queue historically never reached completion. This is a structural challenge that will not be resolved quickly. The primary constraint is the limited availability of two essential parts of building thermal generation, First, critical components, turbines, and other key equipment for new flexible natural gas generation remain in short supply. With no meaningful relief expected for years to come. Second, human components. Experienced thermal development teams and EPC firms are at capacity already. While other technologies such as small modular reactors are in the new cycle, they're still in early development and unlikely to be commercially viable before 2035 at the earliest. With constraints on new dispatchable capacity and shrinking reserve margins, the value of existing flexible generation continues to grow. Turning to slide ten. Last year, we discussed this with you, this trend and its challenges. We formed a dedicated team spanning commercial, engineering, and operations to maximize the value of our site portfolio. And we've made significant progress since then. Until now, we discussed these sites at a high level. Today, we're very excited to break down how we're prioritizing them. For near-term development. They fall into three categories. First, we have top-tier premium locations that are our highest priority. These are ideally positioned for front-of-the-meter and behind-the-meter solutions. And many can incorporate on-site generation making them highly attractive for premium long-term power premiums. Within this top-tier group, some sites stand out as superhosts. Large-scale locations capable of supporting multiple gigawatts of data center demand. Gigawatts of new dispatchable capacity, and large-scale renewable resources. These are ideal for hyperscalers. Offering the scale infrastructure, and market access required for major projects. We are actively engaged in discussions they remain our primary focus for near-term execution. We believe there are over 7.5 gigawatts of opportunity across this first category of sites. Beyond this, we believe we can support another 7.5 gigawatts of capacity. We have eight sites and are exploring greenfield options. This group offers strong opportunities but has specific constraints that will take additional time to resolve. These are typically best suited for medium to small data centers. In total, we see at least 15 gigawatts of potential capacity. An incredible opportunity that cements us as a leader in this space. We're already advancing the first projects. And as evidenced by the announcements today, we're taking the next step to accelerate development at a speed and scale no one else can match. Turning to slide eleven, We are announcing a landmark fully integrated collaboration with GE Vernova and KeyWitt through its subsidiary TIC. Bringing together world-class turbine manufacturing, development, engineering, and construction expertise, and energy markets leadership to create the most advanced end-to-end joint development platform for large load energy solutions. NRG, which will own and operate the plants, brings deep energy expertise. Prime development locations, and a proven track record of development execution. While GE Vernova provides best-in-class turbine technology, and KeyWitt glitters industry-leading engineering and construction capabilities. With planned turbine access, coordinated EP support, ready-to-build sites, and a fully integrated development approach we can deliver power faster, more efficiently, and with greater certainty than anyone else in the market. Speed to market wins. The platform's already delivering results. We have secured two slot reservation agreements with GEV for their seven HA gas turbines. Supporting 1.2 gigawatts of new capacity online in 2029. This is in addition to our already announced 1.5 gigawatts of shuttle-ready capacity. We are actively working with several premium data center operators for this initial capacity. And of course, the additional value of our related sites. We're initially targeting 5.4 gigawatts of capacity by 2032. Turning to slide twelve, we're also advancing our go-to-market strategy. Through multiple LOIs with data center developers, to bring their facilities to our sites and supply power to their sites. They recognize the strategic value of our locations and our capabilities. We are strategically positioned to not only meet their long-term power needs but also develop, build, and operate on-site generation where needed. We can move with speed and certainty. Our capabilities position us to capture strong premiums on our power agreements. This premium is driven both by the strategic value of our sites and the strength breadth, and flexibility of our supply portfolio. To quantify this, we're seeing long-term revenue rates ranging from seventy to ninety dollars per megawatt hour depending on site location, structure, and project attributes. We are very proud of what we announced today. Not only have we performed incredibly as a company this past year, but we have also moved from talking about our data center strategy to executing on it. The key takeaway is clear. We have the team, the strategy, and the partnerships to lead this energy revolution. With unmatched speed, execution, and market positioning, NRG will create long-term value. And this is just the beginning. Today's announcement set the stage. And we look forward to sharing more as we continue to execute. As we turn to slide thirteen, I want to highlight again another key advantage of our platform. The embedded value in our Texas generation fleet. And the opportunity it presents as market conditions evolve. Our upside extends past site optimization and premium contracts. Rising power prices benefit our existing portfolio. The latest ERCOT capacity demand and reserves report confirms we've been tracking. Market conditions are tightening rapidly, As this unfolds, our generation will create additional earnings. Our multiyear outlook previously provided you assumed a conservative forty-seven dollars per megawatt hour for around-the-clock Texas pricing. Through 2029. Yet forward market pricing is already trading in the low fifties. Signaling early benefits to our platform and more potential. As an example, at sixty dollars per megawatt hour, around the clock, our generation portfolio would produce five hundred ninety million dollars in additional margin on an open basis. We positioned our portfolio to benefit from the power demand super cycle. NRG is bringing the capabilities of our commercial platform and the benefits of our generation portfolio, the go-to-market strategy with data center partners, and the structural supply solution with GE Vernova and KeyWitt to solve customers' challenges and capture the value of the opportunities in front of us. With that, thank you for your time. Now turn the call over to Bruce for the financial review.
Bruce Chung: Thank you, Rob. Turning to slide fifteen. I'm pleased to share that NRG had another outstanding year in 2024. Executing at exceptionally high levels both operationally and financially across the company. Our 2024 adjusted earnings per share of $6.83 came in above the raised guidance range beating the midpoint by nearly fifty cents. This represents an increase of $2.11 per share or 45% year-over-year growth from the $4.72 per share delivered in 2023. Strong performance by our businesses accounted for $1.46 per share of the year-over-year growth while the remaining sixty-five cents per share came from the execution of our share repurchase program in 2024. We repurchased close to eleven million shares at an average price of $87.57. Representing 5% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of 2024. As a reminder, we introduced adjusted EPS to provide you with additional insight into our profitability and growth and the strong results we are reporting today, highlight the strength of NRG's earnings profile and the power of our capital allocation framework. NRG's full-year 2024 adjusted EBITDA was $3.8 billion, an increase of $470 million over 2023 results. We also delivered $1.4 billion in adjusted net income and $2.1 billion in free cash flow before growth. Each of these key financial metrics exceeded the midpoint of our raised guidance ranges marking the second consecutive year of such outperformance. Our East and West segments benefited from expanded power and natural gas margins, driven by lower supply costs, and our East segment also benefited from increased customer accounts. In Texas, year-over-year results were lower due to the impact of asset sales closed in 2023 and additional opportunistic preventative maintenance taken at our plants. After adjusting for these items, Texas' EBITDA was higher by approximately $150 million compared to 2023. Our ability to deliver higher year-over-year results in Texas despite the milder weather in 2024 is a real testament to the expertise of our commercial operations team and the strength of our integrated platform. As you know, we have invested significantly in our plants over the past few years and these investments have made a real impact on our financial results. Our in-the-money availability factor, which now stands close to 90% across NRG's full portfolio, is the highest it has been since 2019. Our diversified generation and supply strategy continues to be one of our core operating advantages. And gives us confidence that NRG can deliver consistent financial results through a variety of market conditions. Turning to our Smart Home segment, the business generated excellent results with a 5% increase in net subscriber counts, We improved recurring monthly service margin of 83% and nearly 90% customer retention. Which marks an all-time high for the business. In 2024, Smart Home achieved its first full year of financial results under NRG's ownership, the business continues to perform and add value across our consumer portfolio. From a free cash flow perspective, 2024 free cash flow before growth exceeded the midpoint of our revised guidance resulting in $10.36 of free cash flow before growth per share. Our 2024 free cash flow before growth per share represents 12% growth over 2023 actuals and over 20% growth over the midpoint of our original 2023 guidance. Lastly, we are reaffirming our 2025 financial guidance across all financial metrics. Our detailed guidance including target ranges for adjusted EPS adjusted net income, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow before growth, can be found in the Regulation G tables in the appendix. Turning to the next slide for an update on our 2025 capital allocation. We ended 2024 with $525 million in unallocated cash, largely driven by the Airtron divestiture that closed late in the year bringing our starting point for capital available for allocation at the 2025 fiscal year to $2.6 billion. In 2024, we maintained focus on executing our guest liability management and capital allocation programs, yielding impressive results. Including the early achievement of our targeted credit metrics and the return of approximately $1.3 billion in capital to our shareholders through our common dividend and share repurchase program. The 2025 capital allocation plan maintains our commitments to a strong balance sheet robust return of capital, and strategic actionable growth investments. Moving from left to right on the page, $365 million will be allocated for ongoing liability management including the expected retirement of the convertible note which we fully hedged and capped last year. We have approximately $110 million in remaining integration costs related to prior acquisitions and cost synergy programs. After these commitments and consistent with our 80/20 capital allocation framework, we are planning on $1.3 billion of share repurchases in 2025 of which over $170 million have already been executed year to date. Withstanding the strong performance of our stock over the last year, we still see our shares as an incredibly compelling use of our excess capital. Together with our common dividend of $1.76 per share, which represents 8% growth over our 2024 dividend per share. Our total return of capital in 2025 is currently expected to be over $1.6 billion or about 83% of excess cash after liability management and integration costs. Turning to growth investments, we plan to allocate $130 million toward the completion of the revenue synergy plan we announced at our 2023 Investor Day. In addition, we are allocating $215 million to other growth investments which includes continued development of our ERCOT new build projects. Finally, we are showing $105 million of unallocated capital which we will allocate over the course of 2025. I look forward to providing you with updates as we continue to execute our plan into 2025. With that, I'll turn it back to you, Larry.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Bruce. On slide eighteen, to reiterate NRG delivered record earnings in 2024 marking two consecutive years of exceptional execution. The opportunities ahead have never been better or stronger. Our growth plan is well underway, our platform continues to expand, and we're creating meaningful long-term value for our shareholders even before considering any contribution from the significant upside opportunities such as those discussed today. We are making strong progress on several of these opportunities. Today's announcements showcase our ability to serve the growing needs of both existing and new, large load customers at scale. Strategic agreements with the leading turbine manufacturer, EPC, and data center developers, position us to meet large load demand with unmatched speed and execution. I am thrilled to share these updates on our data center strategy with you, And as we move forward, we will remain laser-focused on maximizing shareholder value. I must tell you that each of these transactions is unique shaped by site-specific attributes and customer priorities. This is a competitive space that may not lend itself to regular quarterly updates. So we expect to share progress when there is meaningful news or milestones. Either through formal announcements or through our overall growth trajectory. In other words, as excited as I am about these opportunities, you may have to wait for some of the details. Thank you for your time and continued interest. Operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Jefferies. Your question, please, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning, team. Thank you, operator. Appreciate it. Nicely done on the results yet again here. Thank you, Julian. Good morning. Good morning to you guys. Look, key question here. How does the latest announcement position and signal on future opportunities on data centers? And specifically, you've announced a series of LOIs here. Given the timing that you're talking about, literally, 2026 is around the corner. You got the supply chain lined up. I mean, how long we really expect to wait here to transpose those LOIs into firmer arrangements? I mean, just given the practical need to execute, I would imagine that when you talk about patience here, could this be intra-quarter? Can you speak to that a little bit? And I get a follow-up on that.
Larry Coben: Happy to, Julian. Look, what I don't wanna do is have every quarter sit there and try to give people a step-by-step of development and tell people this one is ten percent, this one is twenty, this one is thirty, it doesn't really make any sense. You've been in the business long enough on the power plant side to know what development is like, and development is done when development is done. You know, having said that, you know, we've talked about having plants in service in 2026, 2028. And 2029. And so, you know, you can expect that, you know, working back from those time frames, it's not gonna be three or five years before you get these updates. But, you know, what I don't want people to do is expect they're gonna get an update on the May calls six weeks from now that, you know, we've moved this forward x, y, and z. I think also, Julian, quite frankly, when we have things to say, something we haven't done historically, we'll put stuff out, you know, between quarters as well. We've always historically kind of waited for the quarterly calls to do this. But I don't think we need to do that anymore.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Thank you. And then can you expand a little bit on the line of sight? Obviously, five gigs plus with GV here this morning. What kind of line of sight do you have on LOIs there? I mean, certainly, it's a big and specific number here. Can you elaborate there? And then also, I think one of the comments from your prepared remarks was on test. To what extent could you seek to expand your Tef participation as well? Would seem like a ripe opportunity, you said, which you have further sites and further supply chain are already established.
Larry Coben: Let me take the test part first, and then I'll go back to the GE, if I may. You know, we do have two of the three shovel-ready projects are in test today. The third one is, you know, certainly step ready of step of, you know, step comes to us and do that. You might recall that initially it was one per customer, and then we were able to enter our second project in that. And if they come for the third one, we'll certainly consider that very, very seriously. So I think from a test point of view, we're extremely well positioned with the shovel-ready 1.5 gigs to go forward. On GE, look, we've already got the two slots. I think that probably tells you that that's where the best line of sight is today. But we are you know, we've been working over the past year on a series of development projects. And as we continue to get slots, we'll continue to give you more information about you know, when those projects will be coming online as well. But, you know, our goal, as you can see from this update, is to have a significant amount of new capacity online well before 2030.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yep. Absolutely, guys. Nicely done. Speak to you soon. Thank you.
Larry Coben: Thanks, Julian. Appreciate you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Larry Coben: Morning, Shar. How are you?
Shar Pourreza: Good, Larry. Quite an update. Maybe just starting at a high level. Can you just confirm the venture to develop the 5.4 gigs by 2032? Is it your intention for all those to be fully contracted as they come online or will they be some merchant? Just trying to foot the 5.4 gigs. Yeah. Of being with the 7.5. Yeah.
Larry Coben: Absolutely. I think the vast majority, Shar, will be. I won't know, tell you today, you know, what's gonna happen for sure over the next five years, but the intention would be for that to be contracted. You know, as you know that we're not in the business taking significant amounts of merchant risk, we've always got our C and I book, our retail book, and, you know, now our data center clientele. So I would expect that all to be contracted for the vast majority of it to be contracted.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. That was a key question. And then just, I guess, how are you thinking about funding the project? It's kind of a substantial check-in a short period of time. How should we, I guess, think about the ramp-up of the growth CapEx?
Larry Coben: CapEx thing? As we look at it, Shar, between, you know, leverage off contracts with the kinds of people that we're talking about plus our internally generated cash flow, think we'll be able to pay, you know, for all of it out of that. You know, obviously, there's a lot of people who wanna be in this business now, and if we can take on some accretive partner capital, we would consider that. If worse comes to worst, Bruce has agreed to forego his bonus.
Bruce Chung: You may start to buy back stock at that point.
Shar Pourreza: I'm gonna leave it at that, and then I'll tell you too, Larry. I'm glad to see that Bruce is still very busy at work. I was a little bit worried there.
Larry Coben: Thanks, guys. Always willing to take one for the team, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: You guys. Bye. Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. Go ahead, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Larry Coben: Good morning. How are you?
Durgesh Chopra: Very great. Great. Great. And a great update. And nice to see Bruce taking continuing to take one for the team. So listen. So two questions. First, can you just clarify these letter of intent you know, with the two developers? This is gonna be new megawatts, right, coming to the market? These are all an existing assets. Just wanna be clear there.
Rob Gaudette: Yeah. Hey, this is Rob. So the way to think about them is these developers are out securing agreements for two kinds of structures. One is get a data center, build it on our site, so a new demand. And those sites don't have power plants on them, so we're not gonna build a plant there. The second piece is the way you alluded, which is we'll build it they will build a data center, we'll build a power plant to support it. So everything you should think about is additional. Nothing's sticking, you know, behind existing generation. That we currently run for our fleet. That answer your question?
Durgesh Chopra: It does. Exactly. So these are additional megawatts coming to the market, not the existing. Okay. Perfect. And then maybe in that context, can you speak to the legislative session in Texas? You've seen a couple of bills there. We've talked about large loads. How do you see that impacting your discussions? And what are your thoughts on what the investors should be focused on there, please?
Larry Coben: Look. We actually think, you know, bills like SB six are positive. But if provides real clarification in the market. It shines a light on what the actual additional costs are of being a data center person starting to work towards allocating the costs in the system properly so that people who build data centers pay their fair share and it doesn't fall entirely on retail customer. You know, we don't this needs to be done without, you know, retail rate shock for the consumers of Texas. We obviously are huge proponents of that and as the biggest supplier in Texas. And we think this bill will actually provide for a fair allocation of cost across it. So think the actions that the legislator are taking are generally quite positive, and we look forward to, you know, working with them to try to get a bill that makes sense for the entire system.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. Thank you for that, Clark.
Larry Coben: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Seaport. Your question please, Angie.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. Lots of details. So, Rob, first, you mentioned long-term revenue rate, seventy to ninety dollars. For those new gas plans. Lots of questions there. So how would you structure these contracts? Are these gonna be spark spread driven contracts? When you build? Are we gonna be, you know, more mimicking the towing agreements that we saw in California? How do you manage the, you know, collaterals and, like, commodity price volatility over, you know, probably, like, ten to twenty-year contracts for these new gas plans?
Rob Gaudette: Sure. So to start with, you know, every structure will be slightly different depending on the customer. Some will want to lock up for ten years, will probably wanna lock up, meaning lock their price but keep it fast for twenty. And then we'd reset. But the way to think about it is, you know, ultimately, if you have a power plant, serving one of these loads, your exposure is gas, not power. Right? It's a heat rate locked in. So we know what we're doing. From the heat rate perspective because we have the facility backing it up. We know what our revenue rates would be, and seventy to ninety is, you know, just the energy side to be clear. There's other adders that would go on. And if you did it somewhere in PJM, it would be plus capacity. But so that leaves you with gas exposure, which is the ultimate question you're asking. And you know this, and I'll just say it out loud. We've got the biggest gas platform in the country. We've got an incredible team. Of people who work both physical and financial gas. Out the term and so we feel very confident that we'll be able to lock up whatever kinds of exposures that the customer may wanna do. And remember, Angie, we do this for large C and I customers already. This is not something new for us.
Angie Storozynski: So it's not like every plant will have to come with its own l c. I mean, I've heard that that was one of the reasons why we haven't really had a contract for existing gas plants because there are some credit issues associated collateral postings on both the power side and gas side given the duration of these contracts. So, again, that's something that you can deal with within the current business.
Rob Gaudette: That's correct.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. So and the other question I have is, you know, so if you take a step back, you know, besides a little noise around what is the total demand growth, It seems like regulated utilities are actually progressing much faster on the gas side new build and contracting for data centers than IPPs are. And there is this growing concern that there is red tape surrounding both existing and new build assets in competitive power markets. Again, it probably varies by market. But how do you see this? I mean, are you competing with regulated utilities? And again, if these are contract-based power plants, does that matter that you have a higher cost of capital to build these assets?
Larry Coben: Angie, I think, you know, let's start with, you know, and certainly in Texas, it's not the case. We have one regulator. They want data centers in the state. That's why they're working on SB six. So I don't see that I don't see us being slow to market, and I don't see anything in this update that shows that we're being slow to market. I can't speak to others, but these are complex and people are gonna, you know, wait to do announcements at different times. Look, regulated people will get a fair share of this. I mean, we'll need data centers everywhere. When they need them in regulated markets, they'll be in regulated markets, and when competitive ones, they'll go to competitive people. I don't, you know, I don't I think the regulated versus competitive is a bit of a false divide. Though I do think the competitive advantages that we have given our all existing commercial business is the venture we announced today, the letters of intent we have today, it's hard for me to imagine any regulated utility being as fast to market as we are, but if they are, that's probably a stock you should be buying.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Now just the last one on the CDR. So Rob mentioned it in your prepared remarks. I mean, you know, you've seen many of these CDRs, so have we. I mean, we went through from a fifty percent surplus for ten years to a thirty percent shortage. Within six months. And I know there are changes in the calculation here, but you know, we haven't really seen much of a reaction in forward power curves. You know, I think we all have a sense of why that is. And so are you seeing some sort of a reaction, for example, from existing large loads, be it in the Permian or anywhere else? In our call that are looking at these, you know, projected supply-demand dynamics and are willing to lock in power at currently observable prices because they do expect a step change in those forwards.
Larry Coben: There's a lot there. Alright. So let me try to knock it out. The CDR update so you know, you're right. We've all been through this and we've looked at it multiple times. What happened in the CDR were two big things. One, they adjusted the supply side to a more realistic view. Right? So that created a reduction in supply to the grid. And then they threw in a bunch of loads and, you know, what's your view on load will determine what you think the value of the CDR is. You're right. The curves haven't fully reflected you know, whatever the reserve margins look like out in twenty-seven and twenty-eight. I would tell you they are up a little bit. You know, they're probably mid-fifties now around the clock. Which is considerably better than where they were, you know, a month or two months ago. And to your last question, and I'm glad you asked it, you know, in the C and I book, so with the large loads in every zone, in Texas, they are looking to lock up power. Right? We have seen a dramatic increase in power customers coming to us who've been sitting on the sidelines for a couple of years looking to lock up power for terms of, you know, five, plus years or out into twenty-nine, thirty. So they see it, and they're trying to get ahead of it, and we're happy to help them do that.
Angie Storozynski: Very good. To infinity and beyond. Thank you.
Larry Coben: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Sullivan of Wolfe Research. Your line is open, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey. Good morning.
Larry Coben: Good morning. Thanks for the update here and definitely can appreciate you wanna maybe wait on some of the details. But maybe just directionally, can you give us a sense of this GV agreement, the new builds you're gonna do there, how the cost compares to the brownfields you're doing in Texas, and then maybe how we can square, you know, seventy to ninety dollar PPA with ultimately the return that you're targeting on these investments.
Larry Coben: Yeah. I mean, obviously, you know, with the GE key with partnership, it's obviously gonna be more than the brownfields. I mean, the brownfields are because of all the work we did in advance, that's a number that's not achievable. You know, again, the numb you know, in terms of, you know, that was, what, a thousand round of it. Yeah. Roughly, we're so, you know, I think you can look at us with this other transaction to be more at the market, you know, which seems to be in that fifteen hundred to two thousand range right now. And I don't expect that you know, I think we will, you know, do better than most as we'll be repeating and replicable with these partners, and we'll have the events of this venture, which will help us expedite things, avoid construction, delays, learn a heck of a lot. All of those kinds of things will get us at the lower end of that range. We're hopeful or at least lower than anyone else is going to be able to do them for. So I think that kind of would be the broadest outline that I can give you. With respect to those costs.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And just on the returns you're targeting, our hurdle rate hasn't changed. But I actually think it would we will exceed our posted hurdle rate significantly. We're not, you know, we're not changing our target hurdle rate here today. But I think, you know, all of these new we're doing this with the premium pricing and the transaction and putting in all this time and investment as we think we're going to significantly beat the hurdle rate that we've set forth. The public market.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That's helpful. And also just tied to that, the eighty-twenty framework that holds through this full period, like, even beyond twenty-nine when you're doing I think it holds it. So I think it holds our goal, you know, not accretive anymore, the buybacks. I mean, our stock is still an incredibly attractive option and know, we'll continue to always look at that. But I don't think for the next three years you have to think about that. I'm not gonna tell you that our capital allocation follows five years from that will be the same as today, but I don't know what the world will look like. If you look at when we're gonna have to spend the capital to do this, it's not really this year and it's not a ton of it next year. If it ramps, it'll be renting in late twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine. And that's perhaps the time for revisiting. But at this time, no change.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. And last one just in Texas, anything else we should be watching beyond s v six in the legislative session as we sit right now?
Larry Coben: No. I think s b six is the big one. That's, you know, where that's certainly where our eyes are.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thanks very much.
Larry Coben: Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, David.
David Arcaro: Hey. Thanks. Good morning.
Larry Coben: Hi, David.
David Arcaro: Let me see. I had a question on the high priority and the medium priority sites. Do those have transmission access in place? You know, can they offer the speed to market for large loads, or would you still need to deal with grid studies transmission upgrades, things like that?
Rob Gaudette: So, David, every site, regardless of what it is, you have to do a filing around transition sites and interconnects. The speed component, you know, and typically, and especially in Texas, those interconnects happen a lot faster than the turbine deliveries. So that I'm not really worried about that interconnection piece. Other value of our sites is that some of that equipment is already there. So you get the study back and it says you need x, y, or z, x, y, and z is already on-site. So that speeds up the process also. But nobody's gonna build anything without having that re smile with each of the iSS.
David Arcaro: Got it. Okay. Great. Yeah. Thanks for that. And then just had a clarifying question on the Giovinova and CUIT Venture here. That one point two gigawatt order or slots for turbine that you've got, do you have a project specifically connected to that? Do you have an offtaker for that initial one point two gigawatts?
Larry Coben: We when we do, you will be among the first to know. I mean, we obviously have pretty good line of sight, David, to where, you know, what we think is happening there, but we still have some you know, we're still exploring options. There's a lot of people who are interested. You know, we do have the two letters of intent. Like, for scalers. So we have obviously, if we've signed anything like that, we'd have to announce it. I think, anyway, it would probably be material. So but we're very confident that, you know, as I said before, that we will have you know, PPAs in place prior to making significant commitments on those.
David Arcaro: Yep. Got it. Makes sense. And then I was just curious broadly. There's been, you know, some concerns in the market or jitters around data center demand and urgency in the pace given some of the industry updates deep seek, etcetera. But are you detecting any hesitation maybe around, you know, the legislative session in Texas or concerns with the supply-demand backdrop, you know, is the grid getting too tight for data centers to be in the state? Just any, you know, any reconsiderations or hesitation among the high priority that you're talking to.
Larry Coben: I think we're actually seeing the opposite. We have more people know, beating down our doors. I mean, I think one of the great you know, the one of the reasons we've we have this new venture is all of us, we wanted to work together so people wouldn't have we'd all win have to be beating down each other's doors in order to prioritize projects. But we're seeing that. And if you look, all the hyperscalers are either reaffirming or expanding their capital commitments. So clearly, you know, they're gonna spend it. They're gonna need to build it. And if they build it, they're gonna need our power. So we're not seeing that, you know look. I think David, as you know, there's a lot of new investors in the space now, and every time a rumor comes out positive or negative, they get either super enthusiastic or super depressed. And I think we're all just gonna have to live with that for the next year or so. Maybe longer.
David Arcaro: Yeah. Absolutely. No. Understood. I appreciate it. Thanks for the color.
Larry Coben: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back to Larry Coben for closing remarks.
Larry Coben: I want to thank you all for listening and for your great questions. As you can hear, we are super excited about NRG as a company and where we sit both in our core businesses and in the super cycle opportunities we discussed. Look forward to sharing more with you in the days ahead.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to your speaker host, Kevin Cole, Head of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cole: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's third quarter 2024 earnings call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes in length. It will be broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investor section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based upon assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Larry Coben, NRG's Chair and CEO.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'm joined this morning by Bruce Chung, our CFO; and Rasesh Patel, Head of NRG Consumer, who will share an exciting update on our virtual Power Plant initiative. Other members of our management team are also on the call, and available to answer questions. Let's start with today's three messages as shown on slide four. First, our strong performance this year led us to raise our 2024 financial guidance by $175 million in late September, the second consecutive year we have surpassed our original earnings target. Today, we're reaffirming this elevated outlook for 2024 in initiating strong guidance for 2025. Second, we're excited to announce a strategic partnership with Renew Home and Google Cloud, supported by Google's AI platform to accelerate our Virtual Power Plant efforts. This partnership strengthens our ability to meet evolving customer needs, and marks the beginnings of our effort to scale VPP. Finally, we're enhancing our guidance framework by introducing adjusted EPS. We're also presenting a multiyear outlook supported by a new organic growth program, and highlighting additional opportunities to exceed those targets and drive further shareholder value. On slide five, let's review our 2024 performance and 2025 guidance. Our year-to-date results and increased guidance are driven by strong plant operations, effective supply risk management throughout the summer, margin growth across all of our business segments, and continued success in smart home. These results underscore the strength of our business model, and position us exceptionally well for the future. I'd also like to note that in response to investor feedback, we are now including all amortization costs related to Vivint Smart Home and retail home energy in the depreciation and amortization line of the income statement. Bruce will provide more details and clear disclosures on this change, which is non-cash and has no impact on our cash flow metrics or adjusted EPS. This updated enhances transparency and simplifies financial reporting and modeling for our shareholders. We're initiating 2025 guidance, now including adjusted EPS alongside our usual metric of adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. For 2025, we expect adjusted EPS of $7.25, adjusted EBITDA of $3.85 billion, and free cash flow before growth of $2.1 billion. This reflects a 14% increase in adjusted EPS from our raised 2024 guidance, and a 28% increase from our initial 2024 guidance. Our 2025 guidance incorporates the achievement of our key 2023 Investor Day commitments; reaching $550 million in run rate synergies, achieving investment-grade credit metrics, and delivering 15% free cash flow before growth per share growth. This achievement is significant as our June 2023 projection of 15% to 20% free cash flow before growth per share growth was based on a 2025 share price of $46.00 or less than half today's trading price. Through operational improvement and excellence, accelerated growth and synergy achievement, we have stayed on and achieved this target. Today, we are also announcing that we are increasing our share repurchase authorization by an additional $1 billion. In short, 2024 has been an outstanding year, and 2025 will be even better. Market conditions are highly favorable. Our operations remain superb, and our outlook has never been stronger. It's an exciting time to be part of NRG. On slide six, with the introduction of adjusted EPS, we're presenting our multiyear growth outlook, targeting at least a 10% CAGR through 2029 based on our raised 2024 guidance. Staring from our original 2024 guidance, this raise would approach 13%, reflecting the extraordinary operations and opportunities in our business. To provide a clear view of our EPS drivers, we've divided this outlook into two categories; organic business earnings growth, and capital allocation. This business earnings portion only incorporates the organic growth plans of our core businesses, with no value added for such opportunities as the tightening of the Texas power market or datacenters. I will return to these additional opportunities shortly. Our long-term outlook includes an annualized $750 million in adjusted EBITDA organic growth through 2029, largely driven by our consumer businesses. Key drivers include customer growth in smart home, initiatives to increase home energy wallet share and advancements in our virtual power plant. We're also strategically expanding our commercial and industrial energy services footprint. In terms of capital allocation, we plan to return $8.8 billion to shareholders with $7.1 billion dedicated to share repurchases. Looking at potential opportunities to significantly exceed this outlook, we have not factored in any rise in Texas power prices, which we've held at $47 through 2029, despite expected market tightening from growing demand. We have provided growth sensitivities for your additional visibility into our gearing, and to allow our investors to reflect on, and sensitize their expectations. Our projections also include contributions from our 21 site development portfolio and two shovel-ready Texas brownfield projects that were not selected for the Texas Energy Fund. Each of these represents additional upside to our baseline growth expectations. I'll explore these elements in greater depth over the next two slides. Our long-term outlook emphasizes the strength of our platform and shows that we're well-positioned to capture emerging opportunities in our sector. Moving to slide seven, let's break down our $750 million growth plan, driven by disciplined investments and high-value initiatives. Our growth is expected in each of our primary businesses, around 30% from home energy, 50% from smart home, and 20% from commercial and industrial energy. In home energy, we're focused on leveraging our strong Texas market share to expand wallet with our customers. We have been testing a home essentials bundle that provides energy customers added value while increasing margin and retention and the results have been very encouraging. This initiative also enhances our ability to scale our virtual power plant offering. We will provide details of these initiatives later on in the presentation. For smart home, growth is driven primarily by continued customer base expansion, which we have a strong record of achieving historically. We will also attract a broader segment of customers through new and less expensive bundles. In Commercial and Industrial Energy and NRG business, we're enhancing our platform by incorporating AI into both sales and customer care, which will increase speed, improve service quality and reduce costs. We're also expanding in our existing markets by offering advanced products such as load management and reduced carbon options. Additionally, we're broadening our highly successful strategic client services for both electric and natural gas customers resulting in incrementally higher unit margins. To meet our $750 million annualized EBITDA target, we plan to invest up to $1.6 billion over the next five years. That's the total investment, implying return on investments approaching 50%. We expect these initiatives to convert to free cash flow before growth at a rate of approximately 90%. These initiatives align with our 80:20 capital allocation framework; reinforcing our commitment to you of disciplined high return growth. I'm very confident that we will meet and likely exceed these base targets. I look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Now, let's look at some of our other opportunities on slide eight. On the left, we show our 2025 Texas generation open gross margin sensitivity to various around the clock power price scenarios. This analysis assumes stable natural gas prices and normal weather conditions. For further details on multiple hedging scenarios, please refer to the appendix. This highlights the substantial value potential of our Texas generation under different price scenarios. As markets tighten due to rising demand, previously uneconomic generation can become not only economic, but highly profitable. The table also highlights the asymmetrical nature of our gearing to power plight rise fluctuations. Texas remains the country's most attractive power market, drawing major demand growth. For instance, the largest Houston transmission company recently reported an 8 gigawatt queue of data center demand, a 700% increase from pre-summer levels. By comparison, northern Virginia, the largest U.S. data center market, has a total installed capacity of around half that. This demonstrates the kind of structural load growth in Texas that could drive significant value beyond our base case. On the right, we feature our portfolio of 21 development sites at current or former power plants, all located in competitive markets. These sites offer desirable attributes and key infrastructure, making them ideal for projects that prioritize speed to market. In Texas, we also continue to evaluate the best use for our two shovel-ready brownfield projects that total 1.1 gigawatts in capacity. Since they were not selected under the Texas Energy Fund's one asset per developer allocation, we have the flexibility to explore other value-enhancing options for these projects, such as directing them to hyperscalers. Together, these opportunities present two of the many high-quality tangible paths to creating additional value well beyond our baseline expectations. On slide nine, we outline what this means for the substantial cash generation we anticipate in the coming years. Our capital allocation plan balances disciplined growth with substantial capital returns to drive sustained value well into the future. Our growth initiatives exceed our hurdle rates, and we invest only where we see exceptional value. Importantly, these investments also exceed the implied return of repurchasing our own stock, which currently trades at a low teens free cash flow yield. That is an extraordinary value in my view. With that, let me turn it over to Rasesh Patel, the head of NRG Consumer, who will provide an exciting update on our virtual power plant initiatives.
Rasesh Patel: Thank you, Larry. Turning to slide 10, I am thrilled to announce our strategic partnership with Renew Home and Google to develop a 1 gigawatt residential virtual power plant or VPP in Texas. This partnership brings together leaders across the energy and consumer technology industries to develop an innovative energy management solution for NRG and our customers. Our intention is to combine NRG's consumer reach and supply management expertise with Renew Home's residential demand response capabilities and Google's advanced AI technology. This will enable us to deploy smart thermostats and other devices that will allow our customers to optimize their energy use and save money while enhancing the stability and flexibility of our supply strategy and the Texas grid. On slide 11, you will find the key components of our partnership. We will develop a compelling personalized energy management platform that provides near real-time dispatch of capacity at a fraction the cost of a generation plant. Renew Home will provide the demand response capabilities and will fund a significant portion of customer acquisition costs, minimizing NRG's capital outlay. This collaboration also positions NRG as the partner for all new Google Nest VPP enrollments in Texas. NRG will manage the customer relationship, experience, and dispatch of VPP events. As illustrated in the VPP capital efficiency metrics at the bottom left of the slide, this is an economically attractive approach to supplementing our generation portfolio. The upfront investment is roughly one tenth of a new peaker plant while delivering an IRR greater than 50%, which is significantly higher than traditional alternatives. On the right-hand side of the page, you can see our plan to scale this program with the goal of reaching 650 megawatts of dispatchable capacity by 2030 and a gigawatt by 2035. Now, let's turn to slide 12, where we outline our strategy for bringing the virtual power plant program to market with an exciting new offering. To accelerate our VPP efforts in Texas, we're introducing the Home Essentials bundle, which includes a Vivint Smart Thermostat, doorbell camera, and professional installation, all provided at no cost to customers enrolled in a VPP plan, as long as they remain an NRG Energy customer. Should they choose to leave, they can continue to receive the smart home services for a monthly fee of $14.99, allowing customers to continue enjoying the benefits of smart home while protecting our investment in their experience. We have tested this new value proposition with select energy customers in Texas, and the results have been very encouraging. In our pilot, we're seeing strong adoption of this offer and a step change in customer engagement with the average household using our smart home app more than 160 times per month. Moreover, 20% of these customers have opted to purchase additional smart home products and services that generate incremental recurring revenue. Over time, we see this bundle becoming a powerful entry point that will deliver enhanced value to customers, build scale for VPP, and encourage customers to explore a broader suite of smart home services. We are leveraging our strong market share in Texas to expand our share of wallet with customers with Renew Home co-funding up to $150 of customer acquisition costs through our VPP partnership. This go-to-market strategy focuses on making smart energy solutions accessible, valuable, and deeply engaging. We're meeting our customers where they are, with solutions that empower them to take control of their home and energy experiences while strengthening their relationship with NRG. We will make home-based essentials broadly available in Texas spring 2025. Moving to slide 13, let's take a closer look at how our virtual power plant generates value and delivers strong economics through two distinct value streams, consumer and supply. On the consumer side, where we retain 100% of the economic benefits, we expect margin uplift and increased tenure for customers adopting the Home Based Essentials Bundle, as well as incremental recurring revenue from customers opting for additional smart home services. The home energy industry, relative to other consumer services, has elevated customer churn, and we expect this initiative to improve customer retention due to the enhanced value, engagement, and savings from this integrated offering. On the supply side, where we retain over half the economic benefit, we've provided an illustrated breakdown that shows how VPP creates margin opportunity based on the number of events per summer and the implied in the money power price. Beyond direct value, this asset also provides critical risk mitigation, allowing us to dispatch the VPP to further stabilize our supply portfolio during periods of volatility. At scale, for a 650-megawatt VPP, we anticipate approximately $110 million in annual recurring margin for NRG, $80 million from consumer value, and $30 million from supply value. Looking ahead to a 1-gigawatt VPP, we project the total annual incremental margin to exceed $160 million, making VPP a highly profitable and flexible asset that strengthens both our financial and operational resilience. If Texas supply becomes more constrained in the coming years, as many expect, the value to NRG and our customers will only increase. I look forward to keeping you updated on our progress as we execute this plan. With that, I will turn it over to Bruce to provide the financial review.
Bruce Chung: Thank you, Rasesh. Before I discuss our third quarter results, I'd like to provide a few updates on our key financial performance and valuation metrics. As you can see on the slide, we are introducing adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share as part of our reporting framework. These metrics offer additional context for NRG's profitability and growth, capturing both underlying business growth driven by investment into our platform, as well as the impact of our robust capital allocation program. For 2024, we are on track to deliver $1.3 billion of adjusted net income, equivalent to $6.35 per share of adjusted EPS. The midpoint of our raised adjusted EPS guidance represents a 12% increase over the midpoint of our original guidance, reflecting the strong business performance. We are pleased to provide these additional tools for investors to use in their evaluation of the investment merits of NRG. We believe these new metrics, coupled with our preexisting metrics, such as free cash flow before growth per share, will continue to shine a spotlight on NRG's attractive valuation. We will continue to provide adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth alongside these two new disclosures for the foreseeable future. Going forward and including today's third quarter results, adjusted EBITDA has been updated to recast all amortization of capitalized customer acquisition costs from SG&A and cost of operations into the depreciation amortization line item. This change addresses a point of common confusion that investors have given us direct feedback on. This is part of our ongoing commitment to provide better visibility into our businesses and simplify the modeling process. More details are available in our 10Q, as well as in the Reg G tables appended to this presentation and this morning's press release. As you can see on the right-hand side of the slide, this change results in an upward adjustment to the midpoint of our 2024 guidance by $130 million from $3.56 billion to $3.73 billion. We have accordingly recast adjusted EBITDA for historical periods to conform with this methodology and to allow for direct comparison of our results across reporting periods. This is simply a geography change of non-cash items and therefore has no impact on any of our reported free cash flow before growth or adjusted EPS metrics and outlook. Turning to slide 16, NRG delivered another strong quarter of financial and operational performance with adjusted EBITDA of $1.055 billion, an increase of $68 million over the third quarter of the prior year. Texas delivered $584 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, $32 million higher than Q3 of 2023. When adjusted for asset sales executed in 2023, our outperformance was approximately $80 million. This improvement reflects the strength and resilience of our integrated platform. Unlike last year, Texas was marked by a lack of power price volatility and generally lower pricing despite warm temperatures. Our integrated supply strategy and the ability to turn off units during periods of low pricing enabled us to maximize margins as we served our retail load. The ability to cycle our plans on and off as part of our overall supply strategy is what gives us confidence in delivering consistent financial results through a variety of market conditions. Our east, west, and services segments also demonstrated improved year-over-year outperformance. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $214 million, representing an $18 million increase from the prior year. This improvement was primarily driven by lower power and natural gas supply costs resulting in margin expansion and an increase in average customer counts of 7%. Finally, our smart home segment delivered $257 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, an $18 million increase from the prior year. This was driven by mid-single-digit growth in our subscriber count and continued net service margin expansion of 6%, reflecting the embedded operating leverage of the business as the subscriber base continues to grow. As you can see on the table, we have added disclosures for adjusted net income and adjusted EPS. For the third quarter, NRG produced $393 million of adjusted net income, equivalent to $1.90 of earnings per share. This represents a 21% increase over Q3 2023 results, primarily driven by higher gross margin and share of purchases. Free cash flow before growth for the quarter was $815 million, a $460 million increase over Q3 2023. This reflects higher gross margin, favorable working capital, and lower CapEx given the completion of the Parish restoration work in 2023. Lastly, we are reaffirming our revised 2024 financial guidance and have provided our guidance ranges across all the key reporting metrics, including adjusted net income and adjusted EPS. Turning to 2024 capital allocation on slide 17, we continue to deliver on our capital allocation priorities. There are only a few minor changes to the capital allocation waterfall from our second quarter earnings call. On our last earnings call, we announced an agreement to sell our Airtron HVAC business. That transaction closed in late September. As a result, we are updating the net cash proceeds from the Airtron sale to approximately $425 million. We are also increasing free cash flow before growth by $100 million. For liability management preferred dividends, we've reduced our 2024 allocation to $420 million from $602 million. Our aggressive debt reduction over the past few years, coupled with improved financial performance, will result in achieving our target credit metrics by the end of 2024, a full-year earlier than originally intended. As a result, we have reduced the amount of liability management we had intended to pursue in 2024 and have reallocated that cash to our remaining unallocated CAFA. We have increased our share repurchase total from $825 million to $925 million, which reflects the increase in our 2024 FCFbG guidance. Through October 31, we completed $544 million of repurchases, and we expect to complete the remaining repurchases by year-end. Inclusive of our year-to-date activity, we have executed over $3.8 billion in share repurchases at an average price of around $50 since 2019, representing nearly 30% of our shares outstanding. In our other investments, we have allocated $122 million for other growth, including updated spend associated with our ERCOT New Build project. Finally, we expect to end 2024 with approximately $605 million of unallocated capital, which we have rolled into 2025 for application towards continued share buyback programs. Turning to the next slide, we are excited to introduce our financial guidance for 2025. We are guiding 2025 full-year adjusted EBITDA to a range of $3.725 to $3.975 billion, representing a midpoint of $3.85 billion, or an 8% increase from our original 2024 guidance midpoint. As you can see from the chart at the bottom, this is driven by the completion of our previously announced growth and cost synergy programs, margin expansion from higher power prices, and partly offset by the loss EBITDA from the sale of Airtron. We are also guiding 2025 full-year free cash flow before growth to a range of $1.975 billion to $2.225 billion, representing a mid-point of $2.1 billion, also an 8% increase over the midpoint of our original 2024 guidance. In addition to adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth, we are initiating guidance for adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share. For full-year 2025, we are initiating guidance on adjusted net income to a range of $1.33 billion to $1.53 billion, representing a midpoint of $1.43 billion, and a range of 675 to 775 for adjusted EPS, representing a midpoint of $7.25 per share. Moving to the next slide, we are providing a five-year roadmap with the major drivers of our adjusted EPS and free cash flow before growth investment outlook on a per-share basis. As you can see on the slide, we are targeting long-term adjusted EPS and FCFbG per share growth of greater than 10%. These growth rates are pegged against our recently increased 2024 guidance. More modeling disclosures can be found in the appendix of today's presentation. Our five-year outlook is underpinned by visible organic growth resulting in $750 million of incremental run rate adjusted EBITDA and a robust capital return program of nearly $9 billion over the 2025 to 2029 period. I'd also highlight that this five-year outlook assumes flat power pricing and does not include any of the additional upside opportunities Larry touched on earlier. As you can see on the slide, our organic growth plan and share of purchases comprise nearly $4 of EPS growth and nearly $6.50 of FCFbG per share growth. Offsetting this growth is an increase in taxes as available tax credits expire in 2025 and as NRG continues to generate strong earnings that utilize its NOL balance. In addition to taxes, we are projecting the impact of higher interest costs on earnings and free cash flow growth as maturing low-cost debt is refinanced at higher rates. Turning to 2025 capital allocation on the next slide and starting on the left side of the chart, we are showing approximately $2.7 billion of cash available for allocation, which includes the carryover amounts from 2024. As I have already noted, we will achieve our target credit metrics earlier than originally forecasted. And as such, our liability management program in 2025 will be comprised of selling the convertible note hedge and preferred stock dividends. As you can see, the primary focus of our 2025 capital allocation activity will continue to be share purchases with $1.36 billion planned for 2025. Together with the planned 8% increase in the common dividend to $1.76 per share, our total return of capital is currently expected to be about 85% of CAFA after liability management and integration costs. Importantly, for those keeping a scorecard, we're on track to significantly exceed the original return of capital commitment shared as part of our 2023 Investor Day, with more than $4.5 billion to be returned from 2023 through 2025. Given our outstanding performance relative to the 2023 Investor Day plan, our Board of Directors approved an increase in total authorization for repurchases from $2.7 billion to $3.7 billion. As of October 31, approximately $2 billion is remaining under the total authorization inclusive of this increase. In 2025, we have allocated $165 million to other investment, which includes continued progress on our ERCOT new build program, and investment in near-term actionable initiatives related to our long-term organic growth plan. Finally, we are showing $235 million of unallocated capital, which we will allocate over the course of 2025. With that, I'll turn it back to you, Larry.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Bruce. Turning to slide 22, we provided you today a detailed view of our compelling five-year financial outlook enhanced with additional disclosures for clear insights into our earnings and growth trajectory. Our plan is simple, transparent, and backed by durable recurring cash flows and a strong balance sheet. We're confident in achieving our long-term targets of at least 10% growth in adjusted EPS and free cash flow before growth per share, with numerous opportunities to significantly exceed these goals. In closing, on slide 23, 2024 has been another year of strong execution, where we have delivered financial, operation, and capital allocation results well ahead of guidance and expectations. I'm exceptionally proud of the work of our 18,000 employees across all of our organization who have driven these results. I'm deeply committed to driving NRG forward to creating additional significant shareholder value. We are seeing a long-term step change improvement in fundamentals across our platform. You can expect a continued and remaining heightened focus on operational excellence, prudent growth, and being good stewards of our investors' capital. I have never been more excited about the potential of NRG than I am today. Thank you for your time and continued interest. Operator, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is coming from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys, good morning.
Larry Coben: Morning, Shahriar, how are you?
Shahriar Pourreza: All right. Quite an update, Larry, quite an update. Let me just start just, I want to touch on the process around the sites. Some of your peers this week mentioned portfolio approaches to hyperscaler deals. You have the ability to provide a degree of additionality with the gas units. Is it still your plan to update the Street in January, and how are you seeing -- are you seeing more interest in one region versus the other? Thanks.
Larry Coben: Yes, and yes -- no, sorry, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: [Multiple Speakers] -- before, by the way.
Larry Coben: It worked.
Shahriar Pourreza: I got tongue-tied for the first time.
Larry Coben: No, we are -- so, we are going to provide an update, as we said, by the fourth quarter call. And we're seeing a lot of interest across our sites, both in PJM and in Texas, both in portfolio approaches and in individual approaches. Look, I think it's a very complex process, rapidly changing. We're still figuring out exactly it is that we want. And I think by stepping back, as we did, and now diving back in, we're really in a position to optimize the value of what we have, so still super-excited. We've done a lot more site analysis, as you can see in the appendix here. And we look forward to updating you when that time comes.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then, as we get more disclosures, you plan on layering in the optionality into the numbers through time or how do we get an update --
Larry Coben: Yes, I mean I think as we know what the numbers are, we will layer them in. Now, remember how we talked about before some of this may be things that we never ever disclosed because someone comes to us and they want an extra 1,000 megs of something, and then we decide we're going to build the plant and some hyperscalers may or may not want those two events tied together. So, one of the ways that you may see that we're doing this is all of a sudden raising our estimates, raising our CAGR, all of those kind of things rather than one-off announcements. Could go either way, but that's where you'll see it.
Shahriar Pourreza: All right, perfect. And then, just lastly, coming back to sort of the identified growth component of the plan, appreciate obviously the breakdowns between the segments through '29. Some of these are obviously familiar to investors like the C&I margin, customer counts, but some aren't. Where do you see kind of the most room for variability within these three verticals? And then, any color on cost to achieve? Appreciate it, guys.
Larry Coben: Sure. Look, I think we've put out a plan that we're really excited to and feeling really good about signing up for. And I think we see bias to the upside across all of these things. I mean, if there's a world recession or something, are people going to move less and maybe purchase less energy or fewer smart home? Anything is possible same in the industrial sector. But we feel really good, Shar, about what we've signed up here for. And to achieve this $750 million of annualized EBITDA over the next five years, we're going to invest $1.6 billion in total. So, that's the cost to achieve.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. I appreciate it guys. Congrats on the results and it's good to see that Bruce was busy. Appreciate it.
Larry Coben: Once a year whether he needs to or not, Shar. Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is coming from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, Larry, team. Good morning, guys. Nice to chat. Just following up a little bit on -- hey, good, good, good, pleasure guys; nicely done. Maybe just following up a little bit on what Shar picked you on first here. Let me needle you a little further on this in terms of, just the update timeline and more specifically what that could look like as you think about, what to set expectations around. Should we say January or otherwise here, right? Is it principally are your efforts geared principally towards this additionality and leveraging those two additional sites, or are you still thinking it seems earlier that you were principally focused on the Midwest portfolio, the site value there? We've seen a lot of excitement in the Midwest. Is that more of where we should be thinking about again? I know there's 20 plus sites here. Tell me what permutation may be.
Larry Coben: Julien, I think it's both. I mean, I think what's happened is we were obviously still laser focused on the 21 sites and we remain so. But when the TEF decided that they were only going to give one loan per customer as they did that we felt for us that opened up the additionality potential for those two shovel ready projects. And so, we kind of just put them into the mix post the TEF announcement which was around the end of August you'll recall. And there's I think a fair amount of interest because as you know, I think you've written about additionality is going to be critical going forward to the development of these kind of sites and to have shovel ready additionality is rare.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Yes, indeed. And actually just to clarify that even, with respect to TEF, would you expect TEF part 2 here to include those sites here? I mean, is sort of the idea to double dip, if you will, between TEF and additionality next year potentially with the customer?
Larry Coben: We haven't put out any guidance at all about TEF II. We don't know if it's going to occur. So, we're going to push forward right now as if there is no TEF II for those projects. But if that shows up, obviously that's one option that we will consider. I don't know that you'll be able to double dip. We'll have to wait and see what the rules are. But we don't need to double dip to make those very attractive to somebody who's looking for additionality.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Okay, excellent. Thank you. And VPP, out of that $1.6 billion I think, how much does it cost you to do the VPP? I think you said $100 a kilowatt, so it's like $65 million for the 650 kilowatt?
Larry Coben: Yes, Julien, one of the unique things about VPP is we don't have to wait to get the benefit as we acquire customers and put the assets to work. We actually start to realize the value. And so, think of it as, we ramp up investment, and it stays below $50 million for us because we start to gain benefits from the deployed assets.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. Excellent, guys. Thank you so much. All the best.
Larry Coben: Thanks, Julien. Talk to you later.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, guys. Thank you so much. All the best.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Julien. Talk to you later.
Operator: Thank you. Now, our next question is coming from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Your line is now open.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. It's kind of funny that all these questions are focused on what else do you have to say, even though the entire call was filled with announcements.
Larry Coben: Well said, Angie.
Angie Storozynski: Anyway, the bar is set really high, I guess. So, my question is about the VPP, Virtual Power Plant. So, we're seeing some cooling off in, like, battery investments in Texas, right? I mean, there is this realization that existing batteries are starting to cannibalize on peak power prices and that eats into the pricing arbitrage that these batteries rely on. And so, why shouldn't the same be true for the VPP? And I understand that the biggest component of the profitability of this business is basically customer retention, so the energy component is relatively small, but why shouldn't that be true that in a sense, the curve gets sort of flatter and your ability to actually capture this additional energy benefit is lower?
Rob Gaudette: Hey, Angie, it's Rob, and great observation. What I would tell you or remind you is, because we serve consumer energy customers, we're always building our portfolio and we're including that component that I've called insurance, right, the options on the back end. What VPP does is it self-provides that, right? So as we think about the customer and as we think about how we insure against an extreme event, the beauty of VPP is it is the perfect hedge for that kind of exposure. So, when I look out the curve and as we're building the portfolio over time, what VPP does is it helps me manage the risks of a consumer energy business without having to go to a third-party or dropping a lot of money to build massive peakers to meet that same obligation. So, I feel really good about the economics that we've got here and as far as the long-term perspective, this is absolutely the best tool to manage the risk of a home-based energy book. Does that help?
Angie Storozynski: Okay, so basically it's the most cost-effective way to hedge against spikes and super peaks, right? I mean --
Rob Gaudette: Absolutely.
Angie Storozynski: Not that we've seen it, and that's my other question, is that we -- I mean, keep hearing those incredible announcements. It's almost hard to even believe that they can be said with a straight face, right, 80 gigs of load in Texas from non-core. I mean, and yet the curve is just not reacting at all. It's almost as if -- and again, could it be that this load is not going to impact '28 or even '29, and that's why we're not seeing any response or how can you actually reconcile the lack of response in forward power curves in Texas?
Rob Gaudette: Yes, so I look at both of those things. And what I would tell you is that I am with you. I don't believe that the curve reflects the load that we expect or the supply-demand picture that we would expect in the future. As far as how we think about it and whether or not it's going to show up, I believe that the load is coming. I don't know if it's 80 gigs and honestly, we don't need 80 gigs. But part of the curve, remember, in the reaction inside of pricing is pretty short-sighted viewing or just looking a little bit into history. This summer was a little less warm than last year. We didn't have any real price formation like we did last year, and then everybody kind of lost sight of what could happen. If you look into the future and you think about, okay, well, if you just add a little bit of incremental load into the ERCOT market, you have a real opportunity giving a renewables profile and call it just abnormal weather to really get price formation. And then, everybody will be excited again and the curves will go to the moon and we'll be managing through it. You've seen this before. We've all seen it. I just don't think that these curves in '28, '29 and beyond reflect reality.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And the last question. So, maybe to both Bruce and Larry, so is there a free cash flow yield that below which you think that the share buybacks are just unwarranted and there is some other way of capital return or maybe M&A or some other strategy change?
Larry Coben: Angie, there is one, but I don't think we're anywhere close to it. I mean, we're still in the double digits. So, when we get to the mid-single digits, maybe we can have that kind of a look again, depending on what the opportunities in the world looks like. But right now, given the undervaluation of the stock, it's still a pretty high hurdle rate for us. But we all look forward to the day, and I'm sure you do too, that when the stock is trading so high that that becomes a real question for us.
Angie Storozynski: Yes, to infinity and beyond. Okay. Thank you.
Larry Coben: To infinity and beyond.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you.
Rasesh Patel: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is coming from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, good morning.
Larry Coben: Good morning. How are you?
Michael Sullivan: Good, good. Congrats on all the announcements here. Just, I know, so you gave this 10% plus and said it can vary year-to-year, but just to clarify, does that mean you can go below it, below 10% in some years, or it's just going to be 10% or better in every year and how much better can vary?
Larry Coben: Yes, I mean, Mike, I think the reality is there may be some years where it might go below, there might be some years where it's going to go above, but generally speaking on a long-term basis, we see visibility around that plus 10% over the long-term.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And just specifically on that, so if we go to slide 19 with the tax impact, does that all fall away in '26? So should we think of like '26 as being a lower year and then you kind of catch back up again in the out year or?
Larry Coben: I mean, there is an incremental increase in the tax rate after '25 because of expiring tax credits. I think the way that we think about that growth is to the extent that there's a drag as a result of an incrementally higher tax rate, we probably see some business performance and business growth offsetting that drag.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. And then, yes, the VPP announcement, good to see there, and maybe just -- is it fair to kind of bifurcate it as you broke out the 80 million component as being more stable and then locked in, and then that 30 million component, it looks like would have been a lot better in '23 if you get a summer like that, and then if we got this summer, maybe wouldn't have been around that level. Is that fair?
Rasesh Patel: Hey, Michael. This is Rasesh. Yes, that's a good way to think about it. The customer value is going to be stable and very sustainable. The supply value, which Rob can add a little more color on, that can be significantly higher in years of tighter markets. And so, I think that's the right way to think about it. Rob, would you add anything?
Rob Gaudette: Yes, so the thing I would have you think about from the supply perspective, remember that we're using this in lieu of some form of insurance, right? So the values on the page represents what it would cost me, right? On the top part of the slide, this is what we would have, this is what we save by not having to go and replace this with a heat rate call option or something like that, the representation down at the bottom where we talk about the different years. So, in '23, the value of that insurance would have been considerably more valuable than say this year, where we didn't have any real price formation. But when you think about it long-term with NRG and how we build it in the portfolio, I'm going to buy that insurance regardless. So, I'm building the book 12 to 18 months out. We're putting in the insurance to protect our business. And so, we're going to capture the values up at the top. And then, the representation at the bottom is just the value that, that protected me from, right? So, I bought insurance in '23. It was really valuable. I bought insurance this year, and I didn't need it. That's the examples at the bottom. So, the value that we see around VPP is consistent year, every year, regardless of the circumstances, because I'm going to buy that insurance to protect the portfolio anyway. Does that make sense?
Michael Sullivan: It does. Thanks, Rob. That's really helpful. Okay. And the last one, just to round it out there too, I mean, it's pretty sizable. Can you maybe just give us a sense of, are there any competitors out there or other people looking to do this or how big does that VPP market get in Texas overall, outside of what you were doing?
Larry Coben: That's a great question. And one of the reasons I think NRG is so uniquely positioned is we have a skilled customer base. We have the supply management expertise. And now partnering with Renew Home and Google, we're partnered with the largest demand response platform in North America. The partnership also gives us exclusivity to all new Nest thermostat enrollments and to demand response in Texas. And to give you context around that, there are already a million Nest thermostats deployed in ERCOT, almost 300,000 of which are overlapped with the NRG customer base. And so, this is a very unique opportunity for NRG. And two, everything that we've outlined today is showing you the thermostat opportunity. But we will be working with our partners to tie in batteries, electric vehicles, other things onto the platform where we can leverage already deployed resources into this platform. And so, Michael, I think it'd be very hard for anybody else to replicate this at scale.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, awesome. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
David Arcaro: Hey, thanks so much. Good morning.
Larry Coben: Hi, David. How are you?
David Arcaro: Good, good. Hey, I was wondering if there's an organic growth kind of opportunity at the retail energy business that could be potential upside from here. How is that incorporated in there? I mean, it seems like we're seeing pretty good residential growth in Texas over time, plus all of the C&I growth potential from new data center load. I didn't really see that maybe clearly called out as one of the components of the EBITDA growth opportunity. So, wondering how you're thinking about that?
Rasesh Patel: Yes. It's a great question. The way I would really think about this is we have very strong market share on the residential energy side in Texas. Nearly 40% share of the market. And so, the larger opportunity we see is how do we leverage that household relationship to actually expand share of wallet with customers. And through the launch of Homes Base Essentials, we're giving our existing skilled customer base a lot of incremental value. And in the trial that we've seen over the summer, where we've provided customers this new bundle, 20% of them have already bought incremental smart home services from us. And that's very attractive. So, I would just characterize that as there will be opportunity, obviously, with modest household growth. But, the larger opportunity for NRG is to expand the share of wallet, leveraging the near 40% market share we have in home energy.
David Arcaro: Yes, got you. Absolutely. Makes sense. And maybe on that data center side, is there growth coming to your service territory that would boost the commercial and industrial side of the business in terms of retail contract opportunities and retail growth? Are you seeing data centers show up in the retail business coming to you with multi-year energy contract opportunities?
Larry Coben: Short answer is yes. We are definitely seeing data centers coming with long-term contract requirements. And then, the way to think about how it affects the rest of the C&I marketplace is that in a market where there's growing tightness and there's competition for those megawatts, I've said it before and we've talked about it, there's a flight to quality that occurs amongst large industrials and commercial customers where they want additional service. They want skilled operators on the other side of their contracts. And so, we see an uplift into our opportunity set as we see this trend continue in ERCOT and honestly in PJM.
David Arcaro: Got it. Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Larry Coben: Yes, sir.
Rasesh Patel: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing up for the questions in the queue at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Larry Coben for any closing remarks.
Larry Coben: I want to thank you all for your interest in NRG. As you can tell from our releases, our slides, and our presentation, we are all super excited about our business. And, we look forward to keeping you up-to-date on it going forward. Have a great day and have a great weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Kevin Cole, Head of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cole: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy’s second quarter 2024 earnings call. This morning’s call will be 45 minutes in length. It will be broadcast live over the phone via webcast, which can be located in the Investor section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based upon assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today’s presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today’s presentation. And with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Larry Coben, NRG’s Chairman and CEO.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I’m joined this morning by Bruce Chung, our Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the management team on the call and they are all available to answer questions. First, I just want to express how excited I am to be leading NRG as Chairman, President and CEO. I’m grateful for the outpouring of support I’ve received from the investment community, employees and other stakeholders over the last nine months, and again, in the last week following the Board’s announcement of August 1st. We are laser-focused on delivering exceptional shareholder value by meeting the growing and evolving needs of our customers, while returning billions of dollars in capital. We believe we have the right strategy and the best team to fix the depressed valuation of our company once and for all. Let’s begin with NRG’s strategic positioning. For those new to NRG, we have the largest energy and smart home platform in North America. We’re the trusted partner to over 8 million residential customers, offering tailored energy and smart home solutions. We are also the second largest energy and energy services provider, as well as the largest natural gas provider to commercial and industrial companies. If there’s been one takeaway from today’s discussion that you should have, it’s that our business and financial outlook has never been stronger. We are witnessing a structural long-term tightening in power supply and demand, driving a step-change improvement in fundamentals. Customers across our platform are using more of our products and increasingly requesting premium customized experiences, as well as innovative offerings focused on convenience, sustainability and cost. Our integrated platform enables us to stabilize and increase our near-term earnings, while capturing medium- to long-term growth opportunities. We generate significant excess cash well beyond our current business needs, resulting in the financial flexibility to grow earnings, while at the same time returning substantial capital to our shareholders and maintaining a strong balance sheet. The strength of our business and financial outlook has positioned us to capitalize on what we believe to be the beginning stages of an exceptional time for our industry and an exciting time for our company. I have never been more excited about the opportunities in front of us than I am today. Let’s dive into the key messages on Slide 5. Our business performance exceeded expectations in the second quarter and year-to-date. We are reaffirming our financial guidance ranges and trending toward the upper end of that guidance range. Next, electrification trends compounded by GenAI data center and other large load growth continue to materialize. We expect competitive markets, such as ours, to realize outsized benefits from this trend, driven by business-friendly policies, available resources and the ability to cite projects quickly. Additionally, we have made progress on the strategic priorities discussed in our last earnings call. This includes submitting our brownfield development projects to the Texas Energy Fund and continuing to advance with our portfolio of sites. Finally, we continue to fulfill our capital allocation commitments with our share repurchase program underway and line of sight to achieving our balance sheet targets. Turning to Slide 6, we delivered $935 million in adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter, a 14% year-on-year increase. This brings year-to-date adjusted EBITDA to $1.784 billion, up 22% from last year. Following this strong first half, we are reaffirming our financial guidance ranges, and again, trending toward the upper part of that range. All of our businesses are excelling and demonstrating strong performance across the Board. Our consumer segments demonstrated strong year-on-year growth. Home energy subscribers increased by 8% at stable margins. Smart home had a 5% increase in subscribers and 7% growth in revenue and delivered industry-leading retention rates and expanded margins. We continue to make substantial progress toward our Virtual Power Plant offering and look forward to sharing more about that by the time of our third quarter earnings call. On the supply side, we continue to experience significant improvements in the availability and reliability of our generation assets, thanks to the investments we have made in them in recent years. We are well-prepared for the summer and winter seasons across our fleet after successfully completing our spring maintenance outages. This level of preparedness helps ensure we can meet demand and consistently deliver exceptional service to our customers. A shout-out to our incredible team of plant operators as our assets delivered 97% reliability during Hurricane Beryl in July with no storm-induced or caused outages or lost generation. I’m also happy to report that our cost and growth synergies are on track. Today, we’re reaffirming our plan of $550 million in synergies by the end of 2025 and we remain on track to achieve our 15 to 20% free cash flow before growth per share growth target, even as our rising stock price means repurchasing shares at higher prices, much higher prices, than projected a year ago. On share repurchases, we’ve completed $176 million of the current buyback program with $649 million to be completed over the balance of the year. Lastly, we are announcing the sale of Airtron HVAC, which will result in $400 million in net cash grosses. Turning to Slide 7, I’d like to provide you a little additional context on the strong demand outlook we are seeing in Texas. In the first half of the year, Texas experienced over 3% weather-normalized load growth, setting new record peaks in January, April and May. Looking ahead, ERCOT continues to anticipate substantial load growth in the coming years. ERCOT’s latest projection indicates that more than 60 gigawatts of growth through 2030 will take place, driven by on-shoring, data centers and other large load customers. Notably, many of these new loads are backed by contracts with the transmission and distribution utilities in ERCOT or have been confirmed by an officer of a TDU, adding credibility to the projected growth. Within our own portfolio, we continue to advance our 1.5 gigawatts of brownfield natural gas development in Texas. We filed applications for all three projects with the Texas Energy Fund in June. We anticipate the PUCT will announce later this month which projects are advancing to the due diligence phase, which is expected to last four months to eight months, depending on the quality of the projects and their applications. Following that, loan agreements will be executed. We believe our projects are well-situated for a timely approval, given their shovel-ready nature and the completeness of the applications that we submitted. Finally, we’ve received numerous questions about our site portfolio since our first quarter call. Our singularly devoted development team is diligently working to maximize the value of these sites. As a reminder, our portfolio includes 21 sites encompassing 21,000 acres of land in competitive markets. These sites are ideally suited for new large loads and power plant development, offering co-location opportunities both behind and in front of the meter. To identify the sites best suited for data centers, key factors include access to water for cooling, premium fiber channel access for low latency, and existing grid access and infrastructure for rapid market entry. As you can see, our sites possess these attributes, but also have potential for other large load applications. In this appendix, we provide several paths to value under consideration. I look forward to discussing this more with you as we progress. With that, let me turn it over to Bruce Chung for the financial review. Bruce?
Bruce Chung: Thank you, Larry. Turning to Slide 9, NRG delivered another strong quarter of financial and operational performance with adjusted EBITDA of $935 million, an increase of $116 million over the prior year. Free cash flow before growth was $663 million, exceeding prior year results by $238 million. Each segment of our business performed well, with much of the performance underscored by positive momentum and growing subscriber counts, increased volumes and margin expansion. Starting with our results in our East/West/Services/Other segments, we saw strong performance producing $282 million of adjusted EBITDA, a $184 million increase over the prior year. $132 million of the year-over-year increase came from the East segment, where an increase in subscriber counts and lower realized retail supply costs were the primary drivers of performance. The remainder of the year-over-year growth was driven by a decrease in realized power supply costs in the West. Adjusted EBITDA in Texas for the second quarter was $452 million, a slight decline compared to prior year. Texas performance was driven by favorable hedging activity, along with increased volumes and subscriber counts in the region. This favorability was offset by an estimated $40 million due to the impact of last year’s STP and Gregory asset sales, as well as $50 million in higher maintenance costs from the extended plant outage program we deployed in the quarter to ensure our plants are well positioned for this summer’s operations and beyond. This marks our third year of enhanced preventative investment to improve reliability and flexibility across our fleet. Our plants have performed well through the year, and we expect them to continue to do so as the summer rolls on. Our smart home business has continued to execute well, growing subscriber count by 5% and service margins by 4% year-over-year, and generating $201 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. While that represents a slight decrease from the prior year, it is important to point out the decrease was primarily driven by an expected increase in the amortization of fulfillment expenses, which began impacting EBITDA after we closed on the acquisition of the business. Absent this non-cash impact and other non-recurring adjustments, adjusted EBITDA for this segment would have shown an increase of 6% year-over-year. Key performance indicators for the smart home segment continue to remain strong, as the average smart home subscriber interacts with their systems more than 16 times per day, and we see this high level of engagement carried through to our best-in-class retention, which is nearly 90%. Our free cash flow before growth came in at $663 million, $238 million higher than the prior year, and driven by our significant growth in adjusted EBITDA and favorable working capital. We are reaffirming our 2024 guidance of $3.3 billion to $3.55 billion for adjusted EBITDA and $1.825 billion to $2.075 billion for free cash flow before growth. Our strong year-to-date performance, coupled with the investments we have made in our plans, give us confidence that we are trending towards the upper end of guidance. We continue to see growth and momentum in our business platforms and the continued execution of our diversified supply strategy positions us well through the remainder of the year. Turning to Slide 10 for a current view of our 2024 capital allocation. As you can see, there have been few changes since our first quarter call. We are on track to deliver on nearly $600 million of liability management initiatives and $1.2 billion in return of capital through share repurchases and the common dividend. As I mentioned last time, the strength of our share price performance has made our convertible notes one of the most expensive pieces of paper in our capital structure. And we subsequently seized the opportunity to mitigate that through strategic repurchases as part of our liability management program. We repurchased $343 million or approximately 60% of the original issuance. For the remainder of these notes, we have fully hedged the premium we will pay when the notes are retired. Turning briefly to share repurchases, we have completed $176 million of the $825 million share repurchase target for 2024 via open market repurchases, bringing us to over 40% of our total $2.7 billion authorization. We see tremendous value in buying our shares and will continue to take advantage of our currently depressed stock price through share repurchases. The only substantial change to our capital available for allocation relates to the sale of our Airtron HVAC business for $500 million, which will yield approximately $400 million of net proceeds. We expect the transaction to close before the end of the year. Finally, we now show $441 million of unallocated capital available for allocation in 2024 after taking into account the incremental $400 million of net proceeds from the Airtron transaction. We will evaluate the use of this unallocated capital as we move into the latter part of the year and after closing of the Airtron sale. With that, I will turn it back to you, Larry.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Bruce. On Slide 12, I’d like to share a few closing thoughts on our 2024 priorities and expectations. During the quarter, we’ve made significant progress on our strategic initiatives and I’m confident we have the right platform and strategy to deliver on our commitments to both our customers and our shareholders. As CEO, I’m deeply committed to driving NRG forward to create significant additional shareholder value. We are seeing a long-term step change improvement in fundamentals across our platform. You can expect a continued heightened focus on operational excellence, prudent growth and being good stewards of you, our investors’ capital. I have never been more excited about the potential of our company than I am today. Thank you for your time and continued interest in NRG. Operator, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Larry Coben: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning. Good morning. Larry, since we last spoke, we’ve seen something like 40 gigs to 60 gigs get in line for the Energy Fund. Do you think the state could do a second fund if this one helps meet the demand? Do you think this means the curves could revert to backwardation and could you get involved with more generation, assuming an expanded program next year, so do you have more bandwidth? Thanks.
Larry Coben: Is that one question, Shahriar, or three? But they’re all great questions. And look, this state has talked about, I think you probably saw the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor talk about adding a second tranche to the TEP, and I think they’ll then see what happens and what the availability is. I think the bigger question, Shahriar, is, first of all, how much of these are real? And we don’t know yet. We know that ours are shovel-ready. But if you look at people who’ve applied for transmission studies and the like, it’s an awful lot less than 40 gigs. I think it’s about 12 gigs, to be exact. And so, there’s a long way to go before a lot of those projects become real and ready to go. Some of them, I’m sure, will, but many will not. So I don’t see the curve -- while in the short-term we’ve seen some fluctuation in curves, I don’t see what we’ve seen from the TEF filings to have a major impact on what the long-term market is going to look like. I’m sorry. There’s a second half to your question, Shahriar, I think.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just assuming, like, you see an expanded program, do you guys have, like, kind of bandwidth to do additional generation?
Larry Coben: Absolutely we do if, our customers and clients continue to need it and it’s optimal for our portfolio strategy. Though, remember, as we’ve talked about before, the lead times for development, primarily because of turbines and other equipment is several years. So if you don’t have a place in the turbine queue today, there’s no way you’re getting a new project online before 2030 at the earliest.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And just lastly, Larry, just on transitioning to EPS, I mean, I know I asked you this on the last call, but has your thoughts evolved around just maybe changing disclosures and guidance a little bit?
Larry Coben: My thoughts have evolved. I’ll let Bruce expand on how my thoughts have evolved.
Bruce Chung: Shahriar, I guess, in short, Larry’s thoughts have evolved such that there hasn’t been no change in terms of what we’re thinking about. I think what we had indicated last time is that we are working towards making that transition. We see our third quarter earnings as being the optimal time to be able to do that and that’s what we’re currently working towards.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. That’s a perfect call. Thanks. Larry, big congrats. I know a couple of quarters ago I highlighted that we didn’t want you to leave and just stay as the CEO. So we’re glad the Board listened. Thanks, guys.
Larry Coben: Well, Shahriar, when the thing has taken off like a rocket ship, you want to wait until you get to the stars before you get off.
Shahriar Pourreza: That’s right. That’s right. Congrats, guys.
Larry Coben: Thanks, Shahriar.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Seaport. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So maybe, I mean, we’re all trying to be as excited as you are, Larry, about the prospect of power markets. I mean, clearly the curves disagree, and I’m just wondering if you can explain to us why do you think we’ve had this sharp pullback in Texas power curves given the load outlook you see and we see?
Larry Coben: Good morning, Angie. I’m going to let Rob kind of take you through that, because it’s something we talk about a lot. But Rob, maybe?
Rob Gaudette: Yeah. So, Angie, obviously, we’ve seen the same moves and curves that you have. As well as I do that to start with the long-term curve gets impacted by the noise of whatever is going on in the front end of the market. We’ve had a warm but not very pricey summer and that’s kind of impacted things out the curve. What I would tell you is as we look at these curves, regardless of whether or not you see a bunch of demand come into ERCOT or not, the back end of the curve actually looks like a place where we would be buyers, right? So 2027 and 2028 summers look cheap. The market itself is constructive or would be constructive and we think these are the right levels for us to step in because we think they’re undervaluing what the curve looks like and that’s before you add demand. So I’m pretty bullish on what you -- what the market looks like. We feel very strongly about where our portfolio is and we think that our retail business will continue to churn out the earnings that it’s done over time. So I’m not very concerned about that curve.
Angie Storozynski: Speaking about retail business, if you could talk to us about what’s happening in New England, any potential reviews to the retail electric market and how that could impact your business?
Rasesh Patel: Good morning, Angie. This is Rasesh. To put the context of what’s happening in the Northeast, our retail business overall performed a really -- it was a very strong quarter, right? 8% subscriber growth, double-digit growth in volume and strong margin performance. In the Northeast, there are a couple of things going on that we watch very carefully. The regulatory environment and some of the changes in the specific states. As an example, Massachusetts ended up not making any changes. In Maryland, where we have seen some changes as a result of SB1, that’s a very, very small part of our overall earnings stream, and so the impact of that will be negligible to our results. but we watch the environment very closely.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then back to the generation assets. So, I mean, this whole discussion about newbuilds and the need to actually supply additional generation capacity, I’m just wondering, those are assets with 40-year lives and you guys are making decisions based on two to three-year visibility into the profitability of these assets. So, one is how you approach the newbuild, given that previous cycles were very painful for IPPs. And two, I mean, is there a way to basically maybe pursue newbuilds through a long-term contract as opposed to a truly merchant newbuild? I mean, if the demand is truly there, one could argue that the demand should be comfortable with signing PPAs to support newbuilds as opposed to just truly merchant assets, both actually in ERCOT and PJM.
Larry Coben: Angie, I’m going to let Rob expand on that, but remember that we have the ability to contract and use all of the power. This isn’t a merchant build for us. We have the ability to cross it to ourselves or utilize it ourselves and so we’re not doing speculative merchant builds. That’s not the business that we’re in. This is part of the supply stack that Rob and team are really crucially putting together to meet all of our customers’ needs going forward. But I don’t know, Rob, do you want to?
Rob Gaudette: Larry covered it. This is for our portfolio. These assets were designed, built and planned to support the retail portfolio, regardless of what we see kind of long-term. We have a long-term consumer-facing business and we support that.
Angie Storozynski: And nothing about potential long-term contracts. I’m clearly fishing for some comments about those brownfield sites, if the monetization of those could come through a newbuild backed by PPAs?
Rob Gaudette: So, Angie, as we consider the sites and the strategy that we do with the sites, right? So, as we disclosed before, two-thirds of those, at least, are up in PJM, where we don’t play with generation quite as much as we do down in Texas. All of the answers that Larry and I just gave were in reference to the three newbuild projects that are on the way. When I think about the sites themselves, if we have an opportunity to build generation on one of those sites, and it’s for a customer, then we obviously will be thinking about PPAs and different structures to support the capital for those.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Rob Gaudette: Sure.
Larry Coben: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Antoine Aurimond from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Antoine Aurimond: Hey, guys. Hope you’re doing well. Congrats on the results.
Larry Coben: Thank you. Good morning.
Antoine Aurimond: And Larry, congrats on the permanent appointment. I guess on that note, just more broadly, taking a step back, how do you think about the strategic trajectory of the company under your new leadership? So, again, over the past year, NRG to de-emphasize physical generation, asset light strategy. Do you think that’s still the best positioning in the current market conditions and any other strategic shifts we should be considering?
Larry Coben: I mean, Antoine, I think our strategy isn’t changing, but I don’t -- I’ve never really liked the description asset light. I’ve always considered it to be supply optimal. I mean, a good mix of our own generation and other instruments or tolls in order to be able to do that and that’s continuing. One of the reasons we would like to have more iron than we did a year or two ago is because our customers and clients are demanding more electricity. And so, as we construct the appropriate supply portfolio or supply stack, and we optimize that, having more hard metal in the ground is a good thing for us and so we’re doing that. But we’re also going to have more of the other types of instruments that we use as well, because as you can see from this presentation and I know you follow the industry, so you don’t need me to tell you, the growth in power demand is continuing and we need to be in a position to meet our clients’ needs to do that.
Antoine Aurimond: Yeah. That makes sense. And then I guess on the data center opportunity, can you maybe comment on status of any discussions you may have with data center providers, type of contracts that you may be contemplating, how advanced you are in the negotiation process and how should we think about sort of timeline, potential announcements?
Larry Coben: Look, Antoine, one of the things we did was we were getting so many inbounds that we just kind of pulled back for a strategic review of it all. And you can see the kinds of things we’re contemplating on that slide in the appendix, say, is it 18 or?
Bruce Chung: 21.
Larry Coben: 21, sorry. And I think as we…
Antoine Aurimond: All right.
Larry Coben: …land on a strategy, we’re obviously going to share that with you and I’m sure that’ll be sometime probably before the end of the year. But we were getting lots of people sort of throwing us bids for our sites, and we’re like, well, we know they think we’re just a bunch of power guys who don’t know anything about data centers. So, if that’s what they’re bidding us, we really need to look at this, because it means there’s a lot more value in there than the bids that we’re receiving. So, can’t really comment too much more on it now, but look forward to sharing more with you as we have it.
Antoine Aurimond: Fair enough. And then lastly, under $400 million of net proceeds from HVAC divestiture is somewhat unexpected. Where do you expect to allocate that extra cash?
Bruce Chung: I’m sorry. Can you just repeat that last part, Antoine?
Larry Coben: [Inaudible]
Bruce Chung: Oh! Yeah. So, look, yeah, we’ll -- from an allocation standpoint, we’ll certainly provide more visibility around the allocation once we close and we get the proceeds in place, but you should expect that we’ll remain consistent with our capital allocation principles.
Antoine Aurimond: Okay. Great. Thank you so much, guys. Talk to you soon.
Larry Coben: Thank you.
Bruce Chung: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Hey. Good morning, and congrats, Larry.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Steve. Appreciate it. Good morning.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. So, just a couple kind of near-term questions first. The -- how should we think about if we do end up having a kind of a milder, lower priced summer in Texas? You’ve done a lot to kind of make sure you were ready for a high-priced hot summer, just protection from the opposite and I assume that’s kind of embedded in saying to the upper end, but just how should we think about that?
Rob Gaudette: Hey, Steve. It’s Rob. We don’t talk about it often, but we also do manage to the downside. The great thing about our portfolio is that we have those assets that we can turn down in markets that aren’t constructive, like you’ve seen for the last two quarters. As far as the way we look forward into the year, we contemplate both up and down scenarios in where we feel we’re going to land on guidance.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then also, just kind of more, we had this PJM auction outcome. Just how should we think about that capacity price flow through the retail business? If -- I don’t know how much you’ve already contracted or it’s just not enough of a scale to matter much.
Rob Gaudette: Yeah. So when you -- so the BRA print for this last auction is indicative of kind of the supply demand structure that we kind of see across the country. So it’s going to provide additional dollars towards generation. We don’t have a very large portfolio in PJM, so it is what it is. On the C&I and retail sides, think about our consumer business is very short-term, so don’t expect a lot of impact there. And then on the C&I side, we contract with these guys and depending on what changes in the markets, we can use change in law depending on what happens if we chose. But as we look at the impacts to the book on the retail side, it’s de minimis state. It’s nothing that I would even talk about.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you. And then just, sorry to go back to Texas newbuild, but so obviously the ETF has the low cost loans and performance bonuses and the like. But then, you do have to kind of have a market price for return on equity. So just, I mean, is your messaging that basically, hey, this works for us at any forward curve and just how should we think about kind of protecting equity?
Larry Coben: I wouldn’t say any forward curve.
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Larry Coben: I know you don’t mean any forward curves.
Steve Fleishman: I don’t, but I’m just -- it is…
Larry Coben: Look, look…
Steve Fleishman: I’m just trying to understand the thought process on. Yeah.
Larry Coben: If we actually believe that a depressed curve was reality, that would, Chris heard from here was reality that would obviously impact our decision. But as Rob discussed earlier, what we’re really seeing in terms of increased demand is somewhat belies the short-term blip in the curve. But we look at that all the time. And there are -- there is a place where we wouldn’t do the project. I don’t think, we’re not there today. Go ahead, Rob.
Rob Gaudette: Yeah. No. Obviously, the one thing I would add to the math or as you think about like the value of these assets, flexible gas generation is a function of both power price, but it’s also a function of volatility, right? And so the volatility curves, which are not very transparent, you can’t see them by looking into megawatt daily, those are still up. And so the value of these projects as something that can move around with our load continues to support us developing them and putting them into the portfolio.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. That’s helpful. Then one last quick one just on the Q3 disclosures. You’ve talked about the earnings and DPPs, just the site, the 21 sites. Do you think we’ll get some update on kind of the Q3 call or is that more kind of late year or next year? Like what timeline on that?
Bruce Chung: We’re pushing to do that, but it’s a slow and iterative process a bit, Steve. So I’m sure we’ll have some updates. It may not be as complete a one as you all would like. That may have to wait until the first quarter of next year or some conference in between. But we are working expeditiously, but it’s more important that we get it right than do it fast.
Steve Fleishman: Understood. Thank you very much.
Larry Coben: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Neil Kalton from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Neil Kalton: Hi, guys. Just a quick question on, yeah, economic outlook. How do you think about, so we’ve seen a softening in the consumer side? Like how do you think about the impacts to your business? Thinking both the home security business, retail energy as well, are you seeing any evidence that the consumer is stepping back, weakness, et cetera?
Rasesh Patel: Hey, Neil. This is Rasesh. Good morning. We delivered a really strong quarter with 5% year-over-year subscriber growth, 7% revenue growth for the smart home business. And that’s sort of, think of that as that’s in an environment where we have high interest rates and a slowdown in housing activity. As that normalizes, we would expect that to potentially deliver a tailwind to the business. And I think it’s largely a function of the fact that we’ve got a business that has a very high quality customer base with an average FICO score of greater than 700 and so you saw we posted near all-time record results for retention, customer retention, which is almost at 90% on an annualized basis and we’re still largely in an underpenetrated market. And so we see opportunities to not only continue to grow the customer base at the mid-single-digit rate, but also grow the number of devices and services we provide to the customer within the home. And so we feel really good about our position and with a potential for a tailwind if rates normalize and housing activity picks up.
Neil Kalton: Got it. Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our last question. Our last question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISS -- ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you. Larry, congrats. I’ve got two questions.
Larry Coben: Thanks, Durgesh. Appreciate it.
Durgesh Chopra: Sure. Thanks. Two questions. First, just for housekeeping, August 29th, will we get a list of projects? Will that be formally announced or how will we know which ones kind of made it to the second round of due diligence by the PUCT?
Chris Moser: Hey. This is Chris. Yeah. What we’ve been led to believe is that the PUCT will have either an order or a draft order which would list the assets, the projects that are moving forward towards due diligence and that has been targeted for the August 29th meeting.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then just, Larry, back to you. As you take the permanent role, obviously, there was this transaction announced here. Are there other non-core assets that we could potentially see being liquidated for cash proceeds back into the core portion of the company? How are you thinking through that?
Larry Coben: Look, I mean, we always look to optimize everything we own. There’s nothing on the horizon that I see that would be divestible. But sometimes people walk in the door with very attractive offers for things that we own and we would be silly not to take a look at those, especially given we have a broad and amazing range of opportunities, number one, in which to invest capital. And number two, we have a very undervalued stock in which to invest capital as well. So when we look at those two things, if we can make a transaction that makes sense, we’ll obviously do that. I don’t see anything on the horizon today. But if the opportunity arises, we will certainly look at it hard and try to take advantage of it.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have one last question. The last question comes from Dave Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dave Arcaro: Oh! Hey. Thanks so much. The last question here. Hey, I was just curious on the PJM market, just reflecting on the capacity print that we just saw. Is there an opportunity for you to look at newbuild there? Like, does newbuild economics work at this point and do you have any opportunities to look at that market in terms of power plant expansion?
Rob Gaudette: Hey. It’s Rob. So, the print is constructive as it comes to actually highlighting the supply-demand picture in the market. So I think that’s a positive. We have newbuild sites, which regardless, or we have sites, regardless if you newbuild them or not, that print is definitely supportive in the overall value as we think about them from a development perspective, whether that’s for load or for generation. The one thing I would tell you, David, is that one print isn’t going to get a bunch of generation running into the market. So I wouldn’t expect to see a whole bunch of people applying to build generation based on one PJM print. But we do have another mark in December, which I expect would be supportive and so the supply dynamics in PJM aren’t going to improve anytime soon. But I believe that ultimately competitive energy players are rational and will build when it makes sense.
Dave Arcaro: That’s helpful. Thanks. And just maybe expanding on that a little bit, do you have a sense as to when new gas plants could realistically get built in the PJM market given the supply chain challenges that you mentioned and your outlook for energy prices…
Rob Gaudette: Yeah. So…
Dave Arcaro: … too in the context of that.
Rob Gaudette: So there’s two challenges in PJM. One is PJM specific and that’s the interconnection queue, right? It’s very deep and very slow and so it’s probably frustrating a lot of people. The second piece is the one that is a global issue, which Larry alluded to earlier, which is if you want to build a power plant today and you’re not in the queue, you’re not going to get anything on the ground before 2030. So demand is coming faster than that supply window. So I expect tight markets, both from a capacity and an energy perspective, over the next several years.
Dave Arcaro: Okay. Great. Very helpful. Thanks for the color and congratulations, Larry.
Larry Coben: Thank you, David. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I will turn it back over to Larry Coben for those remarks.
Larry Coben: Thank you all for being on the call and for your interest in NRG. And on a more personal note, for all the kind words and congratulations on my appointment. I’m here and we’re all here because we are super excited about the future of NRG. I think you all know that I’ve been here for 20 years and I’ve never been more excited or more optimistic about the prospects. So I hope you’ll stick with us and join us as we continue to execute well and take advantage of the amazing strategic opportunities and initiatives in front of us. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Kevin Cole, Head of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Cole: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts.  
 Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based upon assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.   
 For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation.  
 And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Dr. Larry Coben, NRG's Chair and Interim President and CEO. 
Lawrence Coben: Thank you very much, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this morning also by Bruce Chung, our Chief Financial Officer. And we also have members of the management team on the call who are available to answer questions. Let's begin with the 3 key messages for today's presentation on Slide 4.  
 First, our business performance exceeded expectations in the first quarter. I'm incredibly pleased with our strong start to the year and in reaffirming our 2024 financial guidance ranges. Second, electrification trends compounded by Gen AI data center growth forecast a signal of transformative rises in power demand. As a result, we expect competitive markets to realize outsized benefits driven by business-friendly environments, available resources and the ability to cite projects quickly.  
 Finally, NRG is well positioned to capitalize on tightened supply and demand in our core markets. Our technology-led consumer platform, our diversified generation portfolio, our leading business energy platform and a real estate site portfolio present a unique opportunity to create significant shareholder value. I'm going to give you visibility into this later in the presentation. 
 Let's move to Slide 5 because I want to share again our value proposition, which may not be familiar to those of you who are new to NRG, and I understand there are several of you on this call. We serve nearly 8 million residential customers and operate the second largest C&I energy and natural gas retail business by volume in the United States.  
 Our company sits at the intersection of energy and technology in the home and the grid. We generate significant excess cash well beyond our current business needs, resulting in the financial flexibility to grow earnings while returning significant capital to our shareholders and maintaining a strong balance sheet. 
 The strength of our business and financial outlook has us uniquely positioned to capitalize on what we believe to the beginning stages of an exceptional time for our industry. It's an exciting time for our company. We remain on track to achieve our 15% to 20% free cash flow before growth per share CAGR target, even as our rising stock price means buying shares at higher prices than projected a year ago. 
 Turning to Slide 6. In recent months, we've received numerous questions about the impacts of the forthcoming power demand growth super cycle on the industry and in NRG in particular. Today, I'd like to talk about what we are seeing. Bruce will then discuss the first quarter results later in the presentation.  
 Starting with macro trends. We're seeing clear signs of a step change in the long-term fundamentals of power demand from multiple catalysts. This marks the departure from an extended period of stagnant power demand during which energy efficiency outpaced usage growth. For the first time in decades, and perhaps in my 40 years in this business, we are experiencing fundamental improvements driven by demand rather than commodity prices. We, along with every other forecasting expert I have read, are now expecting a step change in long-term power demand.  
 This increase in demand is attributed to several factors, including electrification, manufacturing, onshoring, LNG, crypto, greater industrial loads and data center growth. Recent advancements in Gen AI are compounding and accelerating these factors, leading to the formation of the next power demand super cycle. At the same time, the U.S. power supply that is expected to accommodate this growth will increasingly depend on intermittent resources, which highlights a growing and unprecedented imbalance between dispatchable supply and demand.  
 To be clear, it takes only a fraction of what is being forecasted to not just into this super cycle. And this super cycle will require an all-of-the-above supply approach, including retaining existing generation assets, developing new generation, and approaching supply and demand differently through the adoption of technology by shifting large loads, residential VPP and other forms of demand and energy management. This is a transformative opportunity for our sector and for NRG. 
 If you turn to Slide 7, you'll see why competitive markets such as those in which NRG operates are best positioned to realize outsized benefits of this large load growth. It's due to the competitive framework that offers speed-to-market, affordability and resource availability. We see Texas and portions of the Northeast as the most favorable markets. 
 Texas stands out as it is already a preferred destination for large loads including crypto, LNG and manufacturing onshoring, which all have experienced substantial growth in recent years and are exhibiting strong outlooks on the future. Texas benefits from its business-friendly practices, favorable regulatory environment, tax incentives and large land footprint, positioning it as a winner in the era of generative AI and other large load growth.  Furthermore, coupled with our ability to cite projects years faster than in regulated markets and its proximity to main fiber channels, I expect Texas to continue to be a leader in load growth. 
 On Slide 8, I'd like to highlight 4 of the many key opportunities for value creation that exists across our platform. To leave no doubt, each of these opportunities represents upside to our June 2023 Investor Day growth plan, and it's not relying on potentially transitory subsidies or inflation reduction act funding.  
 First, we are the only company to have residential energy and smart technologies at scale with nearly 8 million customers. We're a trusted provider and have the unique capability to provide novel energy management through our smart home ecosystem, a capability that will be necessary and increase in value in a tightening market. Second, you may not be aware or fully cognizant of the opportunity that it represents, but we are the second largest business-to-business electricity and largest natural gas provider by volume in North America.  
 Beyond selling customers more of our products, we are a leader in premium services. We offer tailored energy management solutions that focus on optimizing and stabilizing energy costs. We're also able to commercially help our customers achieve their sustainability goals. These customers include many of America's largest industrial players and corporations as well as the hyperscalers. 
 Third, our Texas generation fleet mix is a diverse set of assets that enable us to deliver stable supply costs while maintaining insurance for volatility through higher cost units that are not economical in the current year. These uneconomic units are primarily higher heat rate natural gas assets and in recent low price times may have run for only a few peak hours per year.  
 We primarily use our generation fleet to supply our residential retail portfolio with customer fixed price contracts typically lasting a year or 2. As a result, our generation fleet is mostly open 18 to 24 months out. This creates a significant opportunity to swiftly capitalize on rising power prices and rising demand. As the value of our product increases and equally importantly, units that have historically operated only a few hours annually could now see increasing run times and, of course, profitability.  
 Lastly, our real estate portfolio has several potential development sites for colocation of large loads or power plants. We own 21 sites with 21,000 acres at retired and existing generation facilities that generally have existing or access to grid interconnection. They are in competitive markets and given the extreme focus on project speed, potentially provide another avenue of value creation. Let's try to unpack each of these a bit. 
 Turning to Slide 9. We operate 1 of the leading business-to-business power and natural gas platforms in North America. We serve nearly 100 terawatt hours of electricity and almost 1.8 trillion cubic feet of natural gas annually.  
 As demand growth scales, we anticipate increasing electric and natural gas sales volumes. Through our business platform, we help large load customers accomplish their intended goals through tailored plans, including stabilizing their energy costs, delivering specific attributes for their sustainability commitments and optimizing their usage through services such as demand response. At heart, these customers are looking for a partner to help them navigate complicated energy markets while minimizing their risk.  
 We stand ready to provide the services they need as a large market participant with a best-in-class commercial operations platform and a track record of high-quality customer experiences. With respect to data centers. It is still the early days, but we are seeing signs that they are planning to ramp up capacity in the current years. As an anecdotal example, a data center customer approached us about increasing their capacity by 3x at an existing facility in the next 36 months. We are seeing and experiencing demand growth in real time.  
 Moving to Slide 10. Our Texas generation fleet is diverse in technology, age and merit order. We operate 8.5 gigawatts of generation capacity in Texas, supplemented by 1.6 gigawatts of long-term power purchase agreements. We also have 1.5 gigawatts of shovel-ready brownfield projects in development. This strategic diversification across technologies, fuel types and merit orders ensures near-term stability and positions us to capitalize on opportunities from medium- to long-term margin expansion driven by higher power prices. 
 On the right hand of the slide, we provide our Texas generation open growth margin sensitivity to changes in around-the-clock power price scenarios. This sensitivity provides insight into our generation portfolio's earnings power as economic generation increases in value and currently, uneconomic generation becomes not only economic but very profitable. 
 On Slide 11 -- provide a more detailed look at our Texas generation gross margin sensitivity. This analysis focuses on changes in power prices, assuming flat natural gas pricing and normal weather. On the left side of the slide, we have included Texas as around-the-clock and peak pricing forwards for July 2023 and April 2024, which represents the assumed pricing in our 2024 guidance and are compared to today's forward.  
 As you can see, ERCOT forward pricing has moved up significantly. The only explanation for this is that the market is starting to reflect increased power demand from large load growth. Also noteworthy is that the curve is no longer backward dated, suggesting a view and a long-term view of sustained tightness in the Texas power market. Building upon last quarter's additional modeling disclosure. On the right side of the slide, we have provided the necessary components to directionally model the gross margin opportunities for our Texas fleet in a dynamic pricing environment.  
 We begin with the 2024 Texas generation base gross margin and include expected hedge positions of nearly fully hedged in year 1, roughly half in year 2 and less than 25% in year 3 for economic generation, respectively. We have also included an open gross margin scenario, which assumes no hedges. You will observe that our price sensitivity doesn't follow a linear pattern. Units becoming economically viable at different price levels, resulting in disproportionately larger benefits from increases in power prices compared to decreases. 
 With ERCOT forward pricing rising $10 in the outer years on an open gross margin basis, this complies more than $400 million of margin benefit compared to 2024. Assuming we are 25% hedged in the year that, that move occurs, it translates to approximately $350 million of upside compared to 2024, and this is simply the beginning. This sensitivity analysis demonstrates that our portfolio is well positioned to capture significant margin upside in a rising price environment and that the underlying fundamental value of our fleet has materially increased. Supported by our diversified supply strategy, we have the agility and flexibility to leverage these market dynamics and translate them into significant and durable shareholder value. 
 On Slide 12, I want to close by providing details of our site portfolio. Driven by the need for more capacity in the highly valued attributes these sites possess, we are incredibly excited about their potential value. We have 21 sites with 21,000 acres of land within competitive markets that are prime locations for new large loads and power plant development, with colocation opportunities both behind and in front of the meter. 
 These sites offer a mix of valuable and critical access to infrastructure, including transmission, interconnection, water, abundance of land and proximity to long-haul fiber networks. Of particular significance to data centers, these attributes offer expedited construction time lines measured in years of time savings. 
 We have established a dedicated team focused on maximizing the value of our site portfolio. When the analysis is complete later in the year, you can expect to hear more information from us regarding the potential for these sites and what would be required to turn them into new capacity, data center locations or behind the meter projects.  
 With that, let me turn it over to Bruce for the first quarter review. 
Bruce Chung: Thank you, Larry. Turning to Slide 14. Our top decile safety and strong operating performance resulted in first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $849 million, exceeding the first quarter of 2023 by $203 million. This represents a 31% increase in our adjusted EBITDA from the prior year. $150 million of the year-over-year increase was the result of the inclusion of a full quarter's worth of Smart Home EBITDA. 
 The remaining increase was attributable to outperformance in our East and West segments, driven by lower realized supply costs, partially offset by a slight decline in our Texas region due to mild weather. Our consumer energy and smart home platforms increased customer counts year-over-year by 8% and 6%, respectively.  
 Most notably, we added 35,000 customers from the newly opened Lubbock market in Texas, representing a healthy share of the available customer base. This is a testament to the hard work of our consumer energy team over the past 2 years to position NRG and its brands as the electricity provider of choice in Lubbock. Similar to 2023, our Smart Home platform continued to demonstrate strong execution. In addition to growing customer count 6% year-over-year, service margins increased 5% year-over-year, and monthly recurring revenue per subscriber grew 5% over the same period. 
 It is clear that customers recognize the value of our Smart Home services as evidenced by our growth in the face of various macro headwinds affecting the consumer discretionary sector. Our diversified supply strategy continued to deliver, ensuring that we sustain the level of margin expansion we saw in 2023 while also providing the necessary coverage against potential volatility in the winter months.  
 As we discussed in our last earnings call, our fleet performed well in the first quarter, demonstrating a 12% improvement in our in-the-money availability factor winter-over-winter. We have taken advantage of the mild winter in February and March to conduct our maintenance activities more proactively, and we feel confident about fleet performance heading into the critical summer months. 
 Next, I would like to highlight some of what we have focused on as an organization through the first quarter as well as what we continue to remain focused on through the balance of the year. During the quarter, we concluded the $950 million accelerated share repurchase program we launched in November of last year. Through that program, we repurchased nearly 19 million shares at an average price of $50.43 per share, or almost 10% of the shares outstanding, at the time that we launched the ASR. 
 We remain committed to our capital allocation plan, and we are reaffirming our 2024 return of capital amount of approximately $1.2 billion, comprised of our common dividends, which we increased earlier this year and a further $825 million in share repurchases. As Larry discussed, we continue to advance our 1.5 gigawatts of brownfield development in Texas. We will be filing our Notices of Intent for the 3 projects to the Texas Energy Fund in the coming days, and we anticipate filing formal loan applications in early June when they are due. 
 Our brownfield development portfolio comprised of 2 peaking plants and 1 combined cycle project, with CODs ranging from 2026 to 2028 is shovel-ready, and represents some of the most real natural gas-fired development opportunities in the ERCOT market. We have been developing these projects since 2021 and we believe that the advancements we have made on the permitting and equipment procurement fronts should position these projects at the front of the queue for consideration by the PUCT for funding out of the loan program. 
 Next, we continue to remain on track to achieve our $550 million program of growth and efficiency initiatives across our business platforms. As I mentioned earlier, our consumer platforms continue to drive strong stand-alone growth, and we continue to see positive momentum in our ability to generate more margin per customer. A great example of this is the tremendous progress we've made in selling the Vivint protection plan. We started selling this plan shortly after closing the Vivint acquisition. And to date, we have about 15% penetration of the existing Smart Home customer base or over 300,000 active plans, with each plan generating approximately $9 of monthly revenue per customer. 
 Finally, we are reaffirming our 2024 guidance for both EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. We have tremendous momentum in both our consumer and business platforms and the measures we are taking in our diversified supply strategy should set us up well for the balance of the year.
 Turning to Slide 15 for an updated view of our 2024 capital allocation. As you can see from the slide, there have been no substantial changes since our last earnings call in terms of the quantum of capital allocated to liability management and capital return. As you may recall, we had planned $500 million of debt reduction in our last earnings call as part of the 2024 capital allocation plan. 
 As you can see from the slide, that has changed slightly given our efforts in Q1 to address our outstanding convertible notes. Through April 30, we repurchased $343 million of the outstanding principal of the convertible notes, resulting in $257 million of additional premium paid to retiring noteholders. Given the cash allocated to settle the convertible note premium, that reduced our net debt reduction to $243 million planned for the year. 
 Our strong share price performance over the past year made the convertible notes one of the most expensive pieces of paper in our capital structure. Therefore, we believe that made the most economic sense to pursue a retirement of that instrument before it would get even more expensive as our share price continues to reflect our fair value. 
 Moving a few columns over to the right, you will see that the share repurchase column is $865 million versus the $825 million we showed in our last earnings call. The reason for that is because we now include $40 million of cash allocated to settle tax matters related to our 2023 share repurchases and Employee Stock Compensation Plan. This would include the excise tax on share repurchases instituted as part of the passage of the inflation Reduction Act. 
 Previously, we had bucketed that allocated cash in other categories, but we decided to move those dollars into the share repurchases category in order to more accurately reflect what the cash is being used for. Finally, similar to our last earnings call, we continue to show $41 million of unallocated capital available for allocation in 2024, which we will evaluate the use of as we move along the year. With that, I will turn it back to you, Larry. 
Lawrence Coben: Thank you very much, Bruce. On Slide 17, I want to provide you a few closing thoughts on our 2024 priorities and expectations. We remain laser focused on execution and on delivering on our financial, operational and safety commitments. We are seeing a step change improvement in fundamentals across all of our platforms. We believe that this will put a spotlight on the scarcity of the critical products and services we sell and the durability of that platform. We are uniquely positioned to deliver significant shareholder value for years to come. 
 Again, we are the only company to combine residential, energy and smart technologies at scale, with nearly 8 million customers and the necessary capabilities to create sustainable value through both tightening and loosening power market conditions. We operate the second largest business-to-business electricity and largest natural gas platform in North America, positioning us as a leader in premium services and tailored energy management solutions. 
 Our integrated supply strategy provides incredible capabilities to stabilize near-term earnings while capturing medium- to long-term margin expansion opportunities from higher power prices. And we own a large Latin portfolio with premium attributes for what is to come in the super cycle of power demand. 
 In my 20 years at the company and over 40 years in power, I have never been more excited about the future of our sector at NRG. The step change in demand should lead also to a change in the depressed valuations for NRG and its peers. These depressed valuations have resulted in double-digit cash flow yields such as ours. This revaluation will be good for NRG and others in our space, and it's very exciting times. I look forward to updating you on our progress along the way. 
 With that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. We're now ready to open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Just Larry, on the curves themselves. There's, obviously, a lot of chatter in the industry right now about some large generators like nukes to go behind the meter. Is this something, I guess, that concerns you as you look at your length in the Eastern markets? So as you go out to the market to match load, are suppliers raising any kind of concerns there? 
Robert Gaudette: Shar, it's Rob. Like it doesn't raise any concerns for us as far as trying to purchase supply so that we can meet retail obligations. Even if they do go behind the meter, there's plenty of players in the East. It's a very liquid market. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. Perfect. And then maybe just a little longer dated. But as you're kind of highlighting the Texas fleet heavily here, it seems warranted. How would you -- the recent sort of the EPA regs as they stand, impact your generation profile maybe over the next couple of years, right? Is it just additional CapEx? Could we see an acceleration of gas development work beyond the 1.5 gigs that, obviously, Bruce was highlighting of shovel-ready proposals. Just more color on how these items are kind of interacting. 
Robert Gaudette: Sure. So when you think about the regulations that were promulgated, the first thing I would say, Shar, is that they're all going to be litigated, right? AG, states, ISOs, consumers, everyone has a view and a reason to make sure that these rules get set in place in a way that works for the system and provides reliable and affordable power over time. As far as specifics around us, some of the rules will have to see how they pan out at the end.  
 But what I would tell you is that our decisions to invest around the gas fleet or the 1.5 gig that Bruce talked about earlier, have nothing to do with these regs. It's all about the opportunity that we see in the markets, and we'll continue to drive that way. Does that make sense? 
Shahriar Pourreza: Yes. That was perfect. And then, Larry, it sounds like you're having a really good time on the job right now. So maybe you're not in a rush. But is there anything as far as any updates on the CEO search? Or are you having too much fun? 
Lawrence Coben: Well, Shar, I am having a lot of fun. But look, it's a great team, and it's a great company and it's -- look, it's a fantastic job. The committee continues to do its work. I think they're still on the time frame that I talked to you about, but there's no rush. I've told them that, to take their time and that I will continue in this position as long as necessary, until they find the right person that they're happy with to be the next CEO of NRG. But given all the opportunities that we have and everything that we've been talking about on this call, you're right, Shar, I am having fun. And I think you're supposed to have fun. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. Really big congrats to Elizabeth. She's been such a fantastic phase for NRG for some time. 
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: So first, for the last maybe 20 years, you were trying to convince us that you are power price-agnostic. Clearly, not any longer. That's number one. So how do we think about it, this new backdrop, how it impacts your retail business versus wholesale business? Is this additional margin going to be realized by selling this more expensive power to the retail arm? So that's number one. Number two is, so this is gross margin. Is there like an additional O&M layer, we should think about or on maintenance, both on the cost side and CapEx side? Just to get a sense of how big an impact you will have on the EBITDA of the sway in power prices. 
Lawrence Coben: And let me have Rob talk a little bit about the CapEx and repair side. And then I'd ask Rasesh to talk a little bit about the margin side . 
Robert Gaudette: Angie, when you think about taking the gross margin expansion that you see on the chart and then trying to translate that across over to EBITDA, I would point out -- so think about it in 2 pieces, right? So on the plants that are the generation that's currently running today, right, the stuff that we've built into our numbers and are running today. When you see a step change in power that has zero impact on OpEx for those megawatts because they're already running.  
 The place where you'll pick up additional OpEx and translate that down to EBITDA is on the stuff that's running more. So we talked to you guys historically about an increase in run times on some assets, given a change in price. It's those additional hours that actually cost you more. And the way that I would translate that down would probably be at the same kind of rate, which is Bruce, correct me if I'm wrong, 80%. 
Bruce Chung: Yes, we would probably see something like an 80% translation to EBITDA and then probably like a 75% translation of the free cash flow. 
Robert Gaudette: Does that answer your question? 
Agnieszka Storozynski: Yes. 
Rasesh Patel: And then, Angie, on the retail margins, I mean, I think we've proven our ability to maintain strong retail margins over time. Increasing power prices really affect our competitors as well, and they historically proven to be rational in pricing. And so when you look at quarterly move up of the curve like we're experiencing now, it gives us ample time to pass that through to consumers. And in fact, energy prices have gone up almost 75% caused from 2017 to 2023. We've actually been able to increase margin over that period. And so we feel confident in our ability to do that. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: Okay. And then one other question. So you're talking about the gas-fired new build. I mean I was just doing some -- running some simple math here. Given growing supply of renewable power, right, you probably can't necessarily count on very high capacity factors for these assets, which would suggest that power prices need to be multiples of what we are seeing in the forward curve, in order to justify construction of these new gas plants. So I'm just wondering how you see it. Even in Texas, those peakers and combined cycle gas plant that you're pitching. Even with subsidized loans, it's hard to imagine that these assets would be economic at a $60 around-the-clock or north price. 
Robert Gaudette: Angie, it's Rob again. I would tell you that the assets are economic. The way to think about the beauty of peakers, or CCGTs, is that they can flex meaning they can move. And they can capture the value in the hours that matter. We've been trying to transfer our portfolio to something like that for a few years now. And so when you see prices move, right, so as you see the curves go up, particularly in ERCOT, it doesn't mean that every hour goes up by that same amount. 
 It's the very tight hours that go up those exponential amounts that you're talking about. Is that cleared up? So think about the afternoon in Texas in the summer. That is going to go up 5 or 6x versus morning of that same day may have gone up once. And peakers are the things that make money in that [ work ]. 
Rasesh Patel: Yes. Angie, let me just add that every one of these projects, even on a sort of -- without thinking about lots of rising pricing, without thinking about [indiscernible] instruments costs or things, pencils out to be -- they all pencil out to be over our stated hurdle rate. And everything I just mentioned and the things that Rob just mentioned or upside on top of that. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: So but in light of that, I'm sorry, I'm asking [indiscernible] line questions. But in light of that, the fact that the new build is materializing at these prices, wouldn't that suggest that there's a cap on the upside to power prices? Because that's usually what it suggests, right, that the new build materializes and that sort of deflates the tightness of power markets. 
Rasesh Patel: Angie, I think if you look at the tightness versus the 1.5 gigawatts, the tightness far exceeds it. And so yes, at some point, of course, if there's enough new build that might exclude the tightness. But if you look at the number of projects that are on the books, not just ours, but everybody's, the time it's going to take to complete those, I don't worry about that tightness being loosened in any significant way for the next several years. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. 
Steven Fleishman: So just, I guess, following on Angie's first question, I just want to try to reconcile kind of NRG in the old world of low prices for longer versus NRG now in this new world. I don't recall you talking about hedges rolling off and then suddenly being exposed to low power prices.  
 There was the integrated model and the customers kind of side to kind of hedge the low prices. So just how do I -- why wouldn't I still not have to think about some kind of integrated model and maybe the retail margins coming down against the lower, against the higher power prices? Or just how do we reconcile the two? 
Lawrence Coben: Steve, I think what it has to do with really is the step change in the market. I mean before we have prices moved and really commodity-driven, those were sort of transitory, and we were managing for the steadiness. I think what you're seeing here is a step change where the flexibility of the integrated model allows us to gear ourselves, in order to take advantage of the higher prices. So the model hasn't changed. It's one of the things -- the reason we never talked about it is we never saw a step change like this. But one of the benefits of the integrated model that we've been pursuing is that it allows us to gear to price increases like this. 
Steven Fleishman: Got it. Okay. And then on the kind of sites opportunity and also on the new build generation. Could you give us maybe a little bit more color on how you're thinking about funding for those opportunities? And how much might come from NRG versus kind of third-party buying stakes or making the investment? Just maybe some kind of broader overlay how you're thinking about that. 
Bruce Chung: Yes. So Steve, it's Bruce here. First, on the new builds. Obviously, from a funding perspective, we intend to access the Texas Energy Fund. So that's going to be 60% of the capital costs related to the new builds right there. The other 40% of equity, we feel confident that we can fund that from our own cash and cash flow, without impacting any of our capital allocation commitments, in terms of share repurchases and deleveraging. 
 So from our perspective, we feel pretty well capitalized to be able to handle all of that by ourselves. Obviously, as we've always said, to the extent that these projects are getting built and there's a unique opportunity to potentially attract third-party capital at a very attractive proposition, then we would certainly give that some consideration. 
 But right now, as we sit here today, we feel good about our ability to fund those projects on our own. As far as the 21 sites, it's still early days. How it is that, that ultimately translates into what sort of opportunities that results in are still to be discovered. And so don't really have a perspective on any capital need in that regard as we sit here today. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And just last quick one. Obviously, the higher stock price, you mentioned still reaffirming the 15% to 20% growth. So that, I assume means you're expecting a better numerator there in terms of free cash flow to support that? And what is driving that? Is that mainly the higher power prices? 
Robert Gaudette: I always have my opportunity to give you a warmer answer [indiscernible] Larry Coben but -- well, the first part of your answer, yes. Look, I mean I think we see, obviously, not only continued execution against our $550 million growth and cost program. But I think as you can see here, based on the sensitivities we provided you, there is going to be -- we do see upside as a result of the forward curve. 
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. 
Durgesh Chopra: Just maybe can you help us just frame very high level on the 21 sites that you discussed. How many -- if there's a way to think about how many potential gigawatts that you can add over time? And then also address how quickly you can add the gigawatts. Just the reason being that the demand, like you just said Larry, this is a step change in demand. I'm just thinking about how quick the response can lead to that. 
Robert Gaudette: Yes. It's a great question, Durgesh, and it's one that we're working on and it's why we've set up this sort of new group to deal with data centers. I don't know the answer yet. I don't -- we're trying to figure that out. We see ginormous potential, but obviously, there's a ton of work to do in terms of -- to figure out exactly how quickly, what's best on this site? Is it better for a data center or a power plant? Is it better for colocation behind the meter, in front of the meter? So we're spending a lot of time working through those. And I think when we have more color on them, we'll certainly provide that to you all, but I'm not sure that will be in the next 2 or 3 months. It will probably be closer to the end of the year. As you know, the power plant development is an awful lot of work. 
Durgesh Chopra: That makes sense. I appreciate that, Larry. And then maybe just -- I know this is going to be another tough question, but just can you share your calculus or how you're thinking about buybacks here, given how the stock has kind of gone up in valuation versus investing in these in these opportunities, which obviously, have a tremendous run rate. How do you think about that? 
Robert Gaudette: Let me begin by repeating what Bruce said, which is we are reaffirming our capital allocation that we promised everybody. Obviously, when your stock is trading at a 25% free cash flow yield, it's an easy decision, but we still believe we have enough capital to both do our investing and return capital to our shareholders. And I don't see that changing in the short or medium term. So I think we're going to just continue to be disciplined in terms of returning capital and given -- especially given the rises that we've been talking about here will likely should actually have more capital to invest ourselves. 
 And it won't surprise you to hear that there's an awful lot of people who also now want to co-invest with us in a lot of these kind of projects. So I think the possibilities for doing accretive generation and related projects are there, regardless -- irrespective of our capital allocation principles. 
Operator: Next question comes from David Zimmerman at Morgan Stanley. 
David Arcaro: Dave Arcaro here. Following up on one of the earlier questions. I was wondering, just on the ERCOT market and pricing in the market and the forward curves. Do you have a view from here on where ERCOT prices could go? Is there still room for upside? Do you think in terms of where the forward curve is currently pricing? 
Robert Gaudette: David, it's Rob. Yes. The markets can definitely go up. If you look at the large loans that are coming to the state into the system, ERCOT is already beginning to monitor and take a look at it. It's a lot. And you're seeing that price in. There is more upside in the curves from here. 
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. And does that -- as you're kind of hedging into that, then, is that a view that you're embedding as you start to layer in hedges and firm up some of your out-year EBITDA forecast? 
Robert Gaudette: So when we think about our out-year EBITDA, remember that a big part of our hedging program is through the retail book, right? So as we sell to our 8 million consumers, that ultimately takes a lot of that value and translates it over through the retail revenue rates. We're always looking way out the curve, David. If I thought that something was really high and out of whack, then I would say that we could take something off the table. But we like the position, we like the trend and we like where our portfolio is. 
David Arcaro: Got it. And could you touch on what the competitive dynamics are that you're seeing in the retail energy business right now, in terms of any pressure from new entrants or pricing pressure in the market that might push margin one way or the other right now? 
Robert Gaudette: It's been a very stable performance. As you saw, we had strong performance in terms of customer growth year-over-year. We saw similarly good performance and load growth and our margins. And so we feel very good. I think there are a couple of new entrants in the market, but as we look at our outflow reports, we don't really see any meaningful traction there. 
Operator: The final question comes from Ryan Levine with Citi. 
Ryan Levine: A follow-up on some of the capital -- just a follow up on some of the capital allocation framework. Is there a price where you would reconsider buybacks? Or are you not trying to take any view on the value of the energy security? 
Lawrence Coben: Brian, there is no price that we would necessarily sit here and tell you is the absolute line at which we would stop buybacks. We're always going to be looking what is implied in the share price with respect to our free cash flow yield, and we'll make the termination from that standpoint. But as we sit here today, we see plenty of room to run for us to continue to be buying back shares. 
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then as you're looking at on investment opportunities related to power generation growth in your service territory. Are you are you focusing -- you mentioned a number of opportunities for new build and partnerships. Do you have a preference for partnerships? Or would you prefer to own the assets out right? 
Lawrence Coben: I think for us, it's just a maximization and optimization process. And so I don't think we have a preference, one way or another. It's related to cost of capital, operational flexibility. And at the end of the day, what falls best to our bottom line. 
Ryan Levine: Okay. And given the economic outlook that you suggested was attractive for these new builds, are there any customer commitments or duration of demand that you're looking for the data centers to commit to, to underwrite some of these new builds? 
Robert Gaudette: It's Rob. The answer to that is no. The new builds that we talked about are not set up for data centers or forward to meet that load. The conversations we are in early days with around colocation or use of our sites. Those will be a case-by-case basis as to whether or not it's a long-term deal or not, right, with a data center or other large load. But that's going to come as we evaluate each opportunity. But the things we've talked about thus far are for our book and our portfolio. 
Ryan Levine: And just one last question in terms of retail margin on electricity. The movement in ERCOT forward prices, do you think that will have any impact on the margin that you'll ultimately be able to realize on that part of your business? 
Lawrence Coben: Well, we've proven the ability to maintain strong retail margins through various curves. And so we have a very sophisticated analytic engine that gives us insights into the price sensitivity of customers. And when you have sort of these orderly shifts in power prices, we're able to pass them on to consumers over time. So we feel good about our muscle there. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn it back to Larry Coben, Chairman and Interim President and CEO, for closing remarks. 
Lawrence Coben: Thank you all very much for joining us. I think you can hear the palpable excitement that we all feel here at n NRG for the potential, and we look forward to continuing to deliver great results and executing on that upside in the days, months and years ahead. Thank you all. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Kevin Cole, Head of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Cole: Thank you. Good morning. And welcome to NRG Energy’s fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings call. This morning’s call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcast. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements which are based upon assumptions and we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today’s presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today’s presentation. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Larry Coben, NRG’s Chair and Interim President and CEO.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm Larry Coben, and I am the Chairman, Interim President and CEO. I'm joined this morning by Bruce Chung, our Chief Financial Officer and we also have members of the management team on the call and available for question. While I have been CEO for three months, I have been Chairman for seven and on the Board for 20 years. I have never been more excited about NRG as a company than I am today.  Let's begin with the NRG value proposition on Slide four. We are the trusted partner to almost eight million residential customers earned every day through unique and differentiated offerings that simplify and improve our customers lives. We have 5.9 million energy and 2 million smart home customers and manage the second largest C&I Energy and Natural Gas retail portfolio in the country. We have taken the necessary steps to position NRG to win the energy transition. At the convergence of energy and technology in the home and grid, with the evolution of smart devices and generative AI data centers.  We generate significant excess cash well beyond our current business needs, resulting in financial flexibility to return significant capital to our shareholders while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Our business and financial outlook has never been stronger. And I've never been more excited about the future of the company than I am today.  Turning to Slide five. First, in 2023 we delivered record free cash flow before growth and near record adjusted EBITDA. We exceeded our Investor Day outlook and our previously increased 2023 guidance ranges. This is the direct result of the strategic initiatives and actions we've taken in recent years to strengthen and stabilize our business. Our outlook continues to get better and better, and today we are reaffirming our 2024 financial guidance ranges.  Next, we made significant progress advancing our long term energy transition and electrification strategy. We have line of sight to achieving our current $550 million by 2025. And we are now turning our attention to the next phase of our growth. Lastly, we continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy, which involves both a strong balance sheet and returning significant capital to you, our shareholders.  Turning to Slide six. We delivered $844 million of adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter, 82% higher than the prior year. This brings our full year results to $3.282 billion of adjusted EBITDA, 76% higher than last year, primarily driven by improved operational performance of our Integrated Energy platform and the addition of our Smart Home Business.  Our 2023 adjusted EBITDA was $152 million above our original guidance midpoint, and at the high end of our adjusted guidance, while free cash flow before growth came in above the high end of our increased guidance range at $1.92 billion, or $185 million above our original guidance midpoint. This resulted in $9.25 of free cash flow before growth per share in 2023, well ahead of the $8.50 per target provided at our June Investor Day.  Bruce will provide more details certainly, but again, this performance is the direct result of our strategic initiatives and actions taken to strengthen and grow our business. And I know that these took place even with share purchases occurring at higher levels than projected about Investor Day.  Turning to our 2023 scorecard, we delivered across our strategic priorities. As you know, safety is our top priority, and I'm pleased to share that we achieve top decile safety performance through a year with many distractions. I'd like to thank all of our employees for their focus, and dedication and hard work to making this happen, as well as the making our financial results happen.  Next, we made progress in our continuous improvement goals for cost excellence. We completed the $300 million Direct Energy Synergy program announced earlier in the year, and we quickly turned our attention to identify and execute our previously announced next phase of cost initiatives $250 million by the end of 2025.  Turning to growth, our success in achieving the $9.25 of free cash flow before growth per share versus our $8.50 target was primarily driven by faster execution of our growth plan. We are incredibly pleased with the results of our Smart Home acquisition and believe our current growth plan is just the beginning. We are only starting to scratch the surface. Lastly, on capital allocation, we executed over $1.5 billion in debt paid down and returned another $1.5 billion to shareholders.  Turning to Slide seven, let's take a look at our 2024, outlook. Today, we are reaffirming our 2024 financial guidance ranges, and our Investor Day 15% to 20% growth strategic roadmap. We are well positioned across each of our businesses to deliver on our commitments. In consumer energy we expect the momentum gained in 2023, to continue into 2024, with volume margins and earnings growing across residential and small commercial as well as commercial and industrial customer segments.  They success will be driven by our diverse and efficient marketing and sales engines, our leading care and retention capabilities, and our best-in-class innovative digital experience. We are also seizing numerous opportunities as they arise or as we create them. An exciting example is Lubbock, Texas, a market of just over 100,000 customers that opened in early January, with 65% of customers having already made their electricity provider choice. So far we are exceeding expectations for our success and winning customers and look forward to bring our innovative offerings and experiences to that market. We also continue to see momentum with Community Choice programs, as a way for customers to experience the benefits of electricity competition in markets that don't have favorable political and regulatory sentiment that would allow customers to have the ability to freely choose their electricity providers.  Next, our diversified supply strategy manages our retail exposure in multiple scenarios to include events, like the extreme summer of 2023 and Winter Storm Heather this past January, well, at the same time handling the mild weather that we have seen most of this winter. Our targeted investments for reliability and flexibility across our fleet led to material improvements in the performance of our generation when we needed it, and we expect to realize continued improvements. We continue to evaluate various ways to enhance our supply strategy.  We have three brownfield sites ready to go in Texas with dispatch flexibility, and we are considering additional storage options for the portfolio, primarily through longer term structured transactions, rather than outright ownership. And finally, the smart home business delivered a strong year driving impressive top and bottom line growth, recurring revenue and margin per customer increased through selling more products and services while simultaneously reducing net service costs per customer, we will continue to drive toward the horizontal expansion of our eight million customers wallet.  Our customer retention is the best in the industry with an average customer life in the Smart Home Business of nine years, driven by unmatched customer engagement and world class, product performance and reliability. We continue to focus on integrating Smart Home and Energy in achieving the initiatives we have previously communicated to you.  Turning to Slide 8, for a closer look at growth and cost initiatives. In 2023, we advanced our energy transition electrification, and continuous improvement strategy and delivered $138 million of incremental earnings, which was more times than twice our original $65 million target. We exceeded our goals for both growth and cost savings resulting in more than $100 million of growth in our core businesses and sales channel optimization and more than $35 million in cost savings. This outperformance was primarily the result of realizing synergies faster than originally anticipated. And today, we are reaffirming the full plan target of $550 million of growth and cost initiatives by the end of 2025.  Outside of this $550 million program, we have also identified additional attractive initiatives that are in early development, leveraging the significant value creation opportunity from the convergence of energy and technology in the home in the grid. First, is for example, Virtual Power Plants are VPP, where we are uniquely positioned given our customers scale and reach, our data science, proficiency and decades of commercial market -- commercial and market experience. Importantly, VPP will increase in value as the grid tightens, and our Integrated Energy Business will allow us to monetize this value without requiring regulatory change.  Second on data centers and AI. Today, we are one of the largest competitive providers of power to the hyperscalers and other data center managers. And we have been in direct conversations with several of these customers about using more load. We see this as a significant opportunity for NRG and for competitive markets more broadly.  Finally, we continue to evaluate strategic dispatchable new build, with 1.5 gigawatts of brownfield projects in Texas ready to go. As you may know in November, Texas voters approved the Texas Energy Fund, which provides support for new dispatchable generation. We expect the rules for that to be adopted earlier this year with applications beginning mid-year. We anticipate providing an update on these projects over the coming months.  With that I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Chung, for a financial review. 
Bruce Chung: Thank you, Larry. Moving to Slide 10. For 2023, NRG produced adjusted EBITDA of $3.282 billion, exceeding our original guidance and at the high end of our upward revised guidance range. And free cash flow before growth of $1.925 billion, exceeding the high end of our upward revised guidance range. Our 2023 free cash flow before growth and adjusted EBITDA represent the highest and second highest respectively in NRG’s history. This strong financial performance is a direct result of excellent execution across our businesses, and made possible by the continued focus and effort from each of our employees in a year full of potential distractions.  Our 2023 adjusted EBITDA improved by $1.4 billion as compared to 2022, driven by strong performance in our Texas region, the addition of the Vivint Smart Home Business and execution of our growth and cost efficiency plans. Taking a closer look at the drivers within our segments, and beginning with Texas. Our full year adjusted EBITDA increased by $806 million over 2022. This was driven by higher revenue rates coupled with lower supply costs. Our diversified supply strategy worked as designed throughout a volatile year, lowering our supply costs during the mild start to the year and providing stable pricing through the summer's extreme heat.  As we discussed throughout 2023, the margin expansion we saw across both our residential and C&I energy businesses, was produced through a combination of careful revenue rate management, and providing our customers with differentiated products that address their needs for affordability, comfort and peace of mind. We believe this margin expansion will be durable over the foreseeable future, and this view is reflected in our 2024 guidance.  In addition to improved margins, our Residential Energy business delivered strong customer retention of nearly 80%, while maintaining average customer tenure of six years. This is a testament to the strength of our brands, and customer experience. Our East/West services segments were lower by $142 million versus the prior year. This was due to $60 million from asset retirements in sales, with the remainder of the variance from the combination of lower average realized pricing at the Cottonwood facility, as well as a challenging housing market and more conservative consumer discretionary spending impacting our HVAC and Goal Zero services businesses.  Finally, the addition of Smart Home contributed $753 million in adjusted EBITDA, finishing above the high end of our upward revised guidance for this segment. Throughout 2023, Smart Home delivered across all of its key metrics. Most notably, Smart Home achieved 6%, ending subscriber growth in an otherwise challenging macro environment. In addition to improving monthly recurring service margins at 9%, through increasing average monthly revenue per subscriber coupled with a continued focus on cost efficiency.  Turning to free cash flow before growth. NRG achieved $1.925 billion in 2023, setting a new record for the company. This represents an improvement of $1.4 billion over the prior year, primarily driven by our stronger EBITDA performance, along with improved working capital initiatives across our businesses.  At our Investor Day in June, we communicated the 2023 target of $8.50 of free cash flow before growth per share. Our strong performance in 2023 resulted in $9.25 of free cash flow before growth per share, even after repurchasing shares, at a 25% premium to what we had originally assumed in our Investor Day plan. Our platform is designed to generate significant cash flow, and based on that $9.25 per share, and our current share price that represents an implied free cash flow yield of 18%. Given this dislocation repurchasing our shares remains one of the best investments we can make. And as such, we remain firmly committed to staying the course with our capital allocation framework.  Throughout 2023, we have demonstrated the strength and resiliency of our strategy, and coupled with the compelling long term macro tailwinds for the increasing electrification of the economy, and convergence of energy with smart technologies, we are confident in the outlook for our share price.  Turning to the next slide, I'd like to provide some additional context for 2023 financial results. On the left side of the page, we highlight the resiliency of our core energy business. Our Texas fleet performed well through the second hottest summer in Texas history, and most recently continued to perform through the volatility experienced during January's Winter Storm Heather.  Over the last few years, we have strategically invested capital in improving the reliability of our facilities and anticipation of volatility across both summer and winter conditions. And we are seeing the impact of those investments through material improvement in our -- in the money availability factor. This is a performance measure illustrating the availability of our generation assets during periods when we need them the most.  As you can see in the bar chart, we realized a 14% and 13% improvement in summer and winter respectively in this metric. Furthermore, we saw a nearly 20% improvement in this metric on comparing the fleet performance during a Winter Storm Heather versus Winter Storm Elliott. This level of improvement was and will be critical to ensuring we're able to serve our retail load cost effectively.  Moving to the right side of the page, our Smart Home Business surpassing original expectations, primarily driven by expanded monthly recurring service margins. Notably, the margin expansion was a function of both higher average revenues per subscriber coupled with lower cost to serve. We're also seeing higher take rates on Smart Home products and services at the point of sale, which is a testament to the effectiveness of our Smart Home sales channels, and Smart Home customers recognizing the benefit of increasing the intelligence of their homes through additional seamlessly integrated devices.  Turning to Slide 12, for an updated view of our 2024 capital allocation. As you can see from the slide, not much has changed since our third quarter earnings call, where we provided our initial view on 2024 capital allocation. We are still planning on $500 million of debt paid down in 2024, and expect to return nearly $1.2 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and common dividends. Coupled with the 2023 share repurchase program, we will have executed nearly 75% of the current $2.7 billion authorization by the end of 2024. We expect the 2023 accelerated share repurchase program to conclude by the end of Q1 this year, at which point we will begin executing our 2024 repurchase plan on a more regular and programmatic basis throughout the year.  As I mentioned earlier, at an implied yield of 18%, we see our shares as an excellent investment for shareholder capital. And as such, remain committed to the 80-20 principle we rolled out during an Investor Day. In terms of incremental changes since our last earnings call and moving from left to right, 2024 excess cash increased $74 million because of the over performance in 2023. Other investments increased $33 million, primarily from a calendar year shift in integration costs and capital deployed to small book acquisitions in our Residential Retail business.  Finally, we have $41 million of unallocated capital available for allocation in 2024, which we will evaluate the use of as we move along the year. Before I hand it back to Larry, I'd like to point out that we included some new slides in the appendix of today's presentation, which provide more disclosure around our energy business.  We believe this disclosure will enable investors to model our energy business with a level of granularity they did not have before. These slides will be updated with each earnings call we have going forward. We hope you find them helpful, and our Investor Relations team is more than happy to answer any questions you may have regarding the new disclosures.  With that, I will turn it back to you, Larry. 
Larry Coben: Thank you, Bruce. On Slide 14, I want to provide a few closing thoughts about 2024, our priorities and our expectations. We are laser focused on delivering on our financial and operational commitments and adhering to our capital allocation principles. We will continue to integrate Smart Home with our energy businesses and deliver on our growth and cost initiatives. All while advancing our energy transition and electrification strategy. I have never been more excited about the future of energy. We are seeing signs of step change improvement in fundamentals across our platform, including the convergence of energy and technology in the home and grid through smart devices and generative AI. We believe this will put a spotlight on the scarcity of the critical products and services we sell and the durability of our platform.  Said bluntly, I believe this step change will signify a change in the depressed valuations for NRG in our sector that have resulted in 20% plus cash flow yields. This will be good for NRG and the sector and its very exciting times. I look forward to updating you on our progress along the way.  With that thank you for your time and your interest in NRG. We're now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Excellent. Good morning, guys. Thank you very much for the time. I appreciate it. Look, I know you said it somewhat explicitly in the comments. But I wanted to come back to this. Obviously, with the shares materially higher here, how are you think about where you're positioned relative to the 15% to 20% FCF per share target through the forecast period? I just wanted to kind of tackle that, obviously doing very well against those targets here out of the gate year 1. I just wanted to elaborate on that.  And then secondly, just wanted to come back to '24, here. Start of the year, looks like probably robust load. How do you think about that positioning you and as you think about reflecting that within what you've provided -- what would you have out there on targets, just in terms of the colder weather in Texas, specifically? 
Bruce Chung: Sure, hey, Julian, it's Bruce here. So with respect to the 15% to 20%, we still are committed to achieving that 15% to 20% growth in free cash flow before growth per share. We believe that we're increasing both the free cash flow and the EBITDA, as you know. If you look at the '24 number, that's about $150 million above what we had already kind of indicated, as part of the Investor Day plan. So we are seeing drivers, both in the numerator, and then obviously, we remain committed to the capital allocation plan. And so, we're going to also be driving that denominator. So we still remain committed to that 15% to 20%.  With respect to the other question, as we think about 2024, we are basically positioned in the same way as we were in 2023. And so that gives us a lot of comfort, in terms of being able to handle what may be on the -- what may be coming for us from a load perspective. Winter Storm Heather, we performed very well, the fleet performed very well. And so we're pretty confident about where we stand at this stage.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Wonderful, excellent. If I could just nitpick a little bit on the comments from the -- you provided a second ago. You talked about longer term storage contract opportunities, this would presumably be an offtake arrangement, which you're an offtaker to some sort of battery investment that someone else makes. If I'm hearing you right, I just want to make sure I understood how you are thinking about batteries, and presumably are ERCOT here?
Larry Coben: Look, I think that, yes that is the answer. But we'll always come back and take a look at the capital that we do have to allocate. But there's an awful lot of people here in Texas who are willing to spend their money on putting -- on providing storage for us. And that will probably be the optimal use of capital. But as you know, Julien, we always evaluate and reevaluated as we put our supply strategy together to optimize our capital structure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Excellent. All right, guys. We'll leave it there. Thank you guys very much. Congrats again. Nicely done.
Bruce Chung : Thank you, Julien. 
Operator: Thank you, one moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open. 
Shar Pourreza : Hey, Larry. Good morning. 
Larry Coben: Good morning, Shar. How are you? 
Shar Pourreza: Not too bad. Good morning. I wanted to ask a bit of a higher level question and it's obviously building off of Bruce's due disclose your comments and in light of the sort of maybe that step function change in valuation we saw with one of your peers yesterday. Have you given any consideration to maybe transitioning to EPS at some point in the future and providing maybe a bit of a longer range look? 
Larry Coben: Yes. 
Shar Pourreza: All right. I'll leave it at that one.
Larry Coben: The answer, sorry, is yes. Yes. Stay tuned.
Shar Pourreza: Right. I love it. And then, perhaps maybe just going back to the CEO search process. I mean, obviously, it's gotten a little bit more competitive recently with sort of on the power and utility headhunting side. Can you just give us some more color on where things stand today in terms of down selecting and curious if you're now a bit more focused on a power person, or retail consumer person? Thanks.
Larry Coben: Sure, Shar. I won't take it personally that you seem to be anxious to get rid of me. 
Shar Pourreza: I want you to stay. But there’s no reality.
Larry Coben: No, look Shar, I don't think -- I think we're still looking for a bit person who spans the two types of things that we're doing, consumer and energy, as we said before. We have a terrific committee that's working exceptionally hard. And as I said to you, we had a huge list of candidates when we started, and they are whittling away at that. I think when we talked three months ago, I said three to nine months, and I still would stand by that time frame.  So I guess that would be 0 to 6 months from now, if I do the math correctly. And there's a tremendous number of people who are looking at NRG, are excited by the prospects, are excited by the ability to drive valuation given the incredible cash flow yield given the incredible prospects that we have at the confluence of NRG and Smart Home. And so I'm excited by the people that we're seeing, and I think you will be, too.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And thank you guys and for the record, Larry, I personally would like you to just stay, but that's not reality to be sure.
Larry Coben: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Your line is now open.
Angie Storozynski : Good morning. So just also a big picture question. So -- I mean if there's one thing that we've learned over the last couple of weeks is that investors increasingly value physical power plants, especially those that don't get a participation medal for just showing up. So I'm just wondering how does that fit in your strategy of being asset-light on the generation side in light of the tightening supply demand fundamentals and power. Again, I understand that there is the demand response and other ways to probably fit in, in this new picture. But I'm just wondering, just simplistically speaking, how do you deal with that?
Larry Coben: Sure. Angie, I'm going to let Rob expand on that, but I've never -- I don't think we're asset-light, we're asset optimal and will always be asset optimal and that maybe semantics, but I think they're important semantics. We have three brownfield projects that are ready to go, and you'll get some updates on those pretty soon, but that's 1.5 gigawatts of dispatchable capacity, and we have some more potential in the pipeline. Maybe, Rob, you want to expand on that, please?
Robert Gaudette: Sure. So Angie, look, we're excited by the growing demand for power. Like I think that it's real. We know it's real because we talk to a lot of the growth guys, so it's the hyperscalers and others that you've all heard about. We talk to them a lot. And it's exciting for NRG for a couple of reasons. One, we sit in competitive markets, which is where I believe most of this demand growth is going to be. We're going to see expanded margins on our existing fleet, right? So as the product goes up, we're going to see more earnings off of our generation, and we've spent and invested inside of those plants so that we can capture that.  Like Larry said, we've got the three projects that are ready to go. And the other thing to think about, Angie is we've got 21 plant sites across the country. So if this growth continues and we see it mix economic sense, then there's an opportunity there. But ultimately, these guys are going to turn to partners like NRG. As the market tightens, they're going to look for people who've got the expertise that we have. So it's going to be good for the industry, but it's definitely going to be good for us.
Angie Storozynski : But does that mean that in a sense you're shifting a bit of the growth on the energy side towards C&I customers? Because I remember that historically, that was a very small portion of the business and not -- well, meaningfully lower margins than the rest of the business. So anyway, is there like a different earnings or margin profile for those tech companies versus the traditional C&I load that you used to serve?
Robert Gaudette: So generally, C&I margins themselves over the last few years have gone up. The difference in the margin from a hyperscaler versus a traditional C&I customer, there isn't -- we haven't seen a growth in margin on the hyperscalers. The way you should probably think about it is if you're going to get a bunch of demand into the system, which we believe is real. That's going to create tightness for all customers. And so C&I customers across the board not just data center customers are going to be looking for expertise, which means they're going to turn to the bigger players who can help them manage the risk in a higher price, tighter commodity environment. Does that help?
Angie Storozynski : Okay. Yes. Thanks. And then changing topics and your IG aspiration. So I obviously see the metrics or the targeted metrics at the end of '24. Can you tell us if you've had any discussions with credit agencies how they see the business risks besides just hitting the numerical thresholds vis-a-vis the investment-grade ratings?
Larry Coben: Larry, Angie. So just to clarify, we are not chasing an investment-grade rating. As we've always said, we are making sure that we want to hit the metrics that we believe correspond with an investment-grade rating, but that's not to say that we're necessarily going to be chasing it because ultimately, that is up to the agencies. We talk to the agencies very regularly and they like the path on which we are heading from a credit perspective. It's important to note that when you think about our credit metrics, it's not just debt to EBITDA that the agency is focused on.  They obviously also look at cash flow driven metrics. And so we're kind of triangulating around all of that. Ultimately, whether we get the rating or not, like I said, is not necessarily within our control. But what is within our control is being able to hit those metrics. I'd say, as we sit here today, given as you note where we're going to end up at the end of 2024, we think there's probably some flexibility in 2025 with respect to what our original deleveraging plans were as part of the Investor Day plan, but more to come on that as we move along in the year.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for giving me time. I just wanted to kind of go over the cost improvements and the growth opportunity, the $550 million target that you have by 2025. So obviously, this year, you've kind of hit the ground running, exceeded expectations. Maybe can you sort of help us break that apart, the $100 million in growth opportunities? How much of that is cross-selling versus how much of that is actual margin expansion within your existing services? And then as you think about cost improvements, there's a big step change from $37 million this year to about $100 million. Maybe just walk through the drivers of that?
Bruce Chung: Yes, you bet. So in terms of the growth synergies, we feel obviously very good about where we set one year into the plan through 2025. You can think about the mix as roughly 50% is actually driven by organic growth in the business units. We had obviously a strong year in the base business. And the other 50%, driven by a combination of cross-sell and think of it as a share of wallet type initiatives that improved the revenue and margin profile per customer. And so we've had a strong start.  We have a very high degree of confidence for the $300 million given we exceeded our initial guidance in year 1. And then as it relates to the cost side of things. The $100 million in cost synergies are really a function of elimination of two publicly traded companies, and we also exceeded our year 1 target for the cost side. And we have full line of sight to the $100 million by 2025. In fact, we will probably exceed our 2024 target towards that $100 million. And so as we sit here, we feel good on both ends, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe just a 1.5 gigawatt dispatchable generation opportunity. Can you maybe walk us through your thought process here? It sounds like you'll be making decisions in the second half of this year? How do you kind of gauge that versus buying back shares as I'm thinking about the long-term outlook, 2025 and beyond?
Larry Coben: Look, let me just say, it will not impact one iota our capital allocation strategy or the buyback of shares. I want to make that clear again and again and again, and you can put that down as a headline. So very, very clear on that. Strategically, it's really -- we have a supply strategy that Rob has laid out on several occasions and looking at how these plants fit into that supply strategy, both for our existing customers, but also for the customers who are coming online with things like data centers like generative AI and some of the other things we've been talking about that are growth and tightening opportunities. Rob, do you want to add anything?
Robert Gaudette: So the only thing I would tell you is, recall, we've been working on these for a while. We continue to work today. So we continue to get closer to being able to make final commitments in March, the rules for Texas come out. And then you can expect people to put their names in for the Texas Energy Fund probably June. I would expect that you guys will hear from us as to what we decide. But like Larry said, we're going to -- our capital allocation plan sticks and it all comes down to the financial opportunities that we see in either building the plants or doing something different. And right now, and as you guys have all seen, those plants have flexibility, which is good for how we manage our portfolio and ultimately good for what the grid needs in Texas.
Durgesh Chopra: Very clear. Thank you again. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Maybe on the Smart Home side of things, again, strong KPIs in 2023. I was wondering if you could comment on how you're expecting a couple of those like subscriber growth and recurring revenue. How do you see those trending now heading into 2024?
Robert Gaudette: Yes. Thank you. We feel really good about how we exited the year end '23. As you mentioned, with 6% subscriber growth, 11% revenue growth, 17% adjusted EBITDA growth. And really, that's a function of a few things. First is the unit economics of the business are in great shape. If you look at the revenue per customer, the service cost reduction per customer up 21% that really drives an expansion of our service margin. And we expect that increased elevated margin to continue into 2024. As it relates to retention and brand loyalty, we are -- we had amongst our best years ever in terms of retaining our customers with a strong and durable customer relationships. We expect that to continue as well.  And then in terms of the subscriber growth, we expect to be in the mid-single digits from a subscriber growth perspective as well. So we feel good about how the business is set up in '24. If you zoom out, we operate in a large, growing and fragmented market. And our products and services have a very high degree of engagement and loyalty relative to peers. And so we think there is a lot of room ahead for us to continue to grow the business.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. Thanks for that color. That's helpful. Then I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate a bit more on the data center impact to the business. Am I understanding you correctly that as you see load growth from these data centers happen in ERCOT, for example, you could see, I guess, potentially higher pricing, more volatile pricing. And over time, that could lead to higher margins across the board, higher retail margins across customer classes for your business. Is that the right way to think about it?
Robert Gaudette : It's Rob. Yes. So generative AI is going to load or created additional demand across the markets. The way to think about how that affects the businesses generally is let's start with that expands the margins on our existing generation portfolio and also makes that 1.5 gigawatts more interesting. And then when you think across the other parts of the business, C&I, you're going to see people turning towards bigger players like us, where we've seen it historically, when things get tighter, they run to quality providers.  We're there. And then from a home perspective, a consumer perspective, we've had a retail platform that has historically and will in the future, manage through different commodity cycles. And as prices move, our retail platform, because of the experience we have beyond just being a commodity provider, we do well in those markets, too.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Thanks for that. Much appreciated. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe. Your line is now open.
Michael Sullivan : Hey, everyone. Good morning. Appreciate the new disclosures on the Energy business, by the way. But I wanted to just go back to Texas and new build there. And just maybe if you could just frame the broader political dynamic there, where things stand just in light of the Lieutenant Governor making some comments, I think, asking for new bill, do you kind of continue to see these headlines noise around the ECRS. I know we're not in a legislative session this year, but just kind of where the politics stand on market structure and the like?
Larry Coben : If I could understand Texas politics, I'd be in a different business probably, Michael, but there's not a legislative session. I think it's fair to say that people are now looking to see whether everything that was passed in the last session is actually going to generate capacity in the state before people start breaking it up again and starting over. The PUC has a lot -- awful lot of work to do just to implement the many things that were passed in the legislature. And I think a combination of those measures plus the tightening market and the improving economics in the market and the expanding margins will probably generate the capacity that Texas will need to meet growth in the foreseeable future. At least that's our view of what's happening in politics. That doesn't mean that people from time to time won't try to use the energy business as a political football. But on balance, we actually see a fair amount of stability on the legislative front.
Michael Sullivan : Okay. That's helpful. Appreciate that's a tough one. And just if you do move forward with these brownfield plants, how long would it take to complete?
Robert Gaudette : So the -- if you recall, the portfolio is 3 different projects, the speakers, we could get in, in 2 years and starting from whenever we broke ground and then a CCGT takes about 4. So you could expect if we were to go soon 2026 and 2028 would kind of be good years to think about from an additional capacity perspective.
Michael Sullivan : Okay. Great. And then just last 1 quick. You mentioned the new Lubbock market, any like rough sense of size of the opportunity set there? And is any of that baked into your plan? Or is that all upside?
Elizabeth Killinger : Yes. So this is Elizabeth. Thanks for the question. So we are really excited about the Lubbock opening. Two things about it. One, 65% of consumers made a choice. And if you have a reference point like when the Texas market opened, 5% made a choice. So demonstrating that consumers actually care who they do business with in Energy. NRG participated in the presale process.  That's where the 65% made the choice and those customers will come on flow in March, and that is baked into our 2024 and beyond growth plan. The only other thing I would say is so far, NRG is over performed, we have about 39% share of customers in Texas on the home front, and we are over performing relative to that. So again -- and Larry mentioned it, but about 100,000 customers in the marketplace that are making a choice. And so they'll start and be our and other retailer customers in March.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks for all the color. Appreciated. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Levine with Citi. Your line is now open. 
Ryan Levine: Good morning. I am hoping to touch on retail energy gross margin outlook. It looks like your guidance is assuming about 100 basis points degradation there. How much is that weather normalized for '24? And is there any conservatism embedded in that forecast in light of your comments? Any color you could share around potential upside there, in particular, in Texas?
Bruce Chung: So Ryan, it's Bruce. The 2024 number is certainly on a weather-normalized basis. But the '24 number does reflect a higher assumption on COGS for the retail business. And so there's just a bit of a timing lag between the realization of that COGS relative to when that gets pushed through in revenue rate.  But Elizabeth, if you want to provide a little bit more color to that?
Elizabeth Killinger: Yes. So we've demonstrated margin stability over the years in the home space. And that comes from -- and most of you were there, from some of the AI machine learning revenue management tools and models we created back in the transformation program and since have continuously improved them. The other thing I would highlight is that over this, call it, the last decade, we've been able to deliver stable and growing margins in a variety of supply cost environment. So this one, Bruce mentioned, where costs have significantly increased over the last few years, and we've either grown or held margins through that time frame, aside from the weather normalization that you mentioned.
Ryan Levine: How much cost escalation are you assuming for 2024 that's being offset by these other measures?
Bruce Chung: Ryan, that's probably one that we'll have to just get back to you on to make sure that we get you the right numbers on that.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now pass it back to Larry Coben for closing remarks.
Larry Coben: I want to thank all of you for joining us on the call today and for your interest in NRG. And I think you can see we are at the most exciting point probably in NRG's history. I think you can hear in the voices of the management and in our actual results, what we have and are planning to achieve going forward. We look forward to speaking with you more in the days ahead. We'll be at the conferences in New York next week. In the meantime, please feel free to reach out to Kevin and Brendan with any further questions that you might have. Thank you all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Kevin Cole, Head of Treasury and Investor Relations to read the Safe Harbor and introduce the call.
Kevin Cole: Great. Thank you, Darren. Good morning. And welcome to NRG Energy’s third quarter 2023 earnings call. This morning’s call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcast. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today’s presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today’s presentation. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG’s President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I am joined this morning by Bruce Chung, Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have members of the management team. Before we go into the quarterly review, I’d like to start with an overview of our value proposition. Over the last six years we have taken the necessary steps to position NRG at the center of the energy transition. Our Consumer Energy business that benefits from the increasing electrification of our economy, while generating significant excess cash well beyond its business needs. A complementary Smart Home business, that increases the lifetime value of our customers and enable greater optimization of our customer’s energy demand and the financial flexibility to return significant capital to our shareholders, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. As you can see, we delivered compelling value today, and importantly, we have positioned our business to deliver value well into the future. So, with that, I’d like to turn to the three key messages of our earnings presentation on slide five. First, we are raising our 2023 financial guidance, driven by strong financial and operational results, both in the third quarter and year-to-date. Second, we are initiating 2024 financial guidance above the plan we shared with you at our June Investor Day. And finally, with line-of-sight to achieving our 2025 growth roadmap, we are accelerating our focus on behind-the-meter load management opportunities for homes and businesses. Starting with our third quarter results on slide six. We delivered top decile safety performance and $973 million of adjusted EBITDA, 103% improvement from the same period last year, driven primarily by strong operational performance across the business and the addition of Vivint. This brings our year-to-date results to $2.438 billion of adjusted EBITDA, a 74% increase above the prior year. On our last earnings call, we indicated that we were trending towards the top end of the guidance range. With strong third quarter performance and our current outlook for the balance of the year, we are increasing and narrowing our 2023 financial guidance ranges, which includes the close of STP and that increase in the company’s annual incentive plan given the expected outperformance for the year. During the quarter, we continue to make good progress on our strategic priorities. Vivint integration is well underway and with early success on our growth initiatives, we are raising again our 2023 target from $60 million to $75 million. This is 150% increase from our original $30 million target set in May. Also during the quarter, we continue executing on our portfolio optimization efforts with the retirement of the Joliet power station and the sale of Gregory and our interest in STP. Turning to capital allocation. We are raising our 2023 share repurchase target by 15% to $1.5 billion. We have completed $200 million of share repurchases year-to-date and with the close of STP, expect to execute the remaining $950 million under an accelerated share repurchase program. Next, we have executed $800 million of debt reduction, as part of our liability management program. Bruce will provide more details in his section. Finally, we are initiating 2024 financial guidance ahead of our June Investor Day plan. These earnings expansion is durable and represents high quality growth and overall strengthening of our business. On capital allocation, we allocated $500 million to debt reduction and the remaining excess cash allocated 80% to return on capital and 20% growth. Now turning to slide seven for an update on our Integrated Energy Business. We experienced the hottest summer on record in our core Texas market, breaking the previous peak demand record 10 times. While the power grid was given the record demand, it performed quite well with only a few periods of scarcity pricing when renewable output was low. Important thing, the efforts we undertook in our summer readiness and spring outage program resulted in a significant increase in our plan reliability. In the bottom left hand chart is our in-the-money availability. Indicating the availability of our units during periods when they are profitable, which is the relevant metric for our business and shows a significant improvement. Retail saw strong performance through the quarter with in-line customer growth and better-than-expected retention. We continue to improve our digital experience with customers engaging more, increasing monthly average app usage by 20%. Moving to retail supply. The steps we have taken to enhance our diversified supply strategy was successful in providing predictable supply costs under different load and price scenarios. Beyond investing in our plans, we adjusted our hedge ratios to lean long in key summer and winter months. Finally, we are beginning our efforts in residential demand response and have increased participation by 10% this year. We also manage a large C&I demand response business, with 2.5 gigawatts of capacity under management. I will provide more color on the behind-the-meter opportunity later in the presentation. Our Smart Home Business also performed well with strong customer growth and margin expansion as you can see on slide eight. We continue to advance our technology platform with the launch of new innovative products, improving our customer experience, that is constantly recognized as the best in the industry by consumer publications. On the right hand side of the slide, you will see the key performance indicators that we introduced in our last earnings call. We continue to see exceptional performance in Smart Home, with 7% subscriber growth, 9% revenue growth and 9% service margin improvement versus the same period last year, consistent with the improvements we reported in our second quarter results. Acquisition costs are higher due to the impact of more products being sold and higher interest rates, but were more than offset by higher revenue on new subscribers. Our customers are engaging more with our platform and are staying for a longer period of time. We are very encouraged by the performance we are seeing across the business and the opportunities that are arising inside the Home. Now, I want to provide an update on the opportunity for the management we see behind-the-meter or Virtual Power Plants on slide nine. We have been managing energy optimization programs for commercial and industrial customers for years and now we are seeing the growing opportunity in the residential space. New distributed technologies and a growing penetration of connected smart devices in the home have materially changed the industry, providing greater control to the consumer. Grid reliability has also played a role in accelerating adoption. As flexible demand represents instantaneous peaking capacity when the grid is at peak load or in scarcity conditions. We think the primary pathways for us to create value in these markets. First, through optimizing our existing customer peak demand in ERCOT and PJM, where we can benefit from both energy and capacity value, as well as reduced market risks. Second, through VPP services for Smart Home and Utility customers, both in regulated and competitive markets. We are uniquely positioned to win this space, we have the scale with 7.6 million customers, decades of commercial and market expertise and then Integrated Energy Business that allows NRG to monetize the value without having to go to the wholesale market or requiring regulatory change. We also have that data and insights from running the third largest commercial and industrial demand response program in the country. While our focus in the near-term, continues to be optimizing our core and integrating driven, over the medium- and long-term we see a significant value opportunity from these programs. These value is not included in our June Investor Day plan and. I look forward to providing you updates on our progress in the future. Moving to slide 10 for anomaly by integration efforts. We are making good progress across our initiatives and are reaffirming the full plan targets, totaling $550 million of recurring free cash flow before growth by the end of 2025. Our growth and cross-sell efforts have yielded strong results, allowing us to increase our 2023 growth target, $75 million. On the right-hand side of the slide, you will see the increasing number of customers buying two or more products. I want to highlight that this is not exclusively cross-sell between energy and Smart Home, but includes other consumer products sold across NRG that generate recurring revenues. We have been hard at work executing pilots and collecting critical insights as we prepare to scale energy and Smart Home cross-selling in 2024 and beyond. In the appendix of today’s presentation, you will find our latest growth and cost plan score card. So you can track our progress. So, with that, I will pass it over to Bruce for the financial review.
Bruce Chung: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to slide 12, NRG’s third quarter and year-to-date financial performance significantly exceeded the same periods last year. NRG produced adjusted EBITDA of $973 million in the quarter, which is $493 million higher than the third quarter of 2022. As you can see in the chart at the bottom of the page, even when normalizing 2022 results for transitory items and the WA Parish outage, 2023 adjusted EBITDA still exceeded the prior year, by $350 million. Compared to a normalized 2022, third quarter 2023 performance was driven by $125 million of improved operations and margin expansion in our core energy business and $225 million of Vivint EBITDA which was not included in our 2022 results. Similar to the first two quarters of the year. Our core energy business continued to benefit from expanded margins, near record retention and increased customer count. Our diversified supply strategy and solid performance continue to provide predictable supply costs through a volatile load and freight conditions in Texas. Looking at our segments and starting with Texas. Adjusted EBITDA increased by $356 million versus the prior year on the back of higher gross margin of $378 million. Continued unit margin expansion from lower supply costs coupled with improved plant performance were the primary drivers for the increase in gross margin. This increase in gross margin was partially offset by increased OpEx from higher selling and marketing in Home Energy, where we increased 50,000 customer’s year-over-year. In the East/West segment, adjusted EBITDA declined $88 million versus last year, driven primarily by lower spark-spreads of Cottonwood, discontinuation of equity earnings treatment for Ivanpah and an increase in accruals as part of the company’s annual incentive plan, reflecting the expected financial outperformance for the year. In Q3, Vivint continued to deliver strong financial results, contributing $225 million in adjusted EBITDA. Revenue grew 9% year-over-year, driven by subscriber growth of 7%, favorable retention and higher recurring monthly revenue per subscriber, which combined with reductions in monthly service cost per customer, drove a 15% increase in adjusted EBITDA compared to 3Q 2022. NRG’s free cash flow before growth was $355 million for the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $983 million. This represents a significant improvement over 2022 totals, driven by growth in adjusted EBITDA. As a result of our year-to-date financial performance, we are raising and narrowing our full year 2023 guidance ranges, $3.15 billion to $3.3 billion for adjusted EBITDA and $1.725 billion to $1.875 billion of free cash flow before growth. The midpoint of our new guidance represents a $95 million increase in adjusted EBITDA and a $60 million increase in free cash flow before growth to the midpoint of our original guidance ranges. Turning to slide 13 for an update on our 2023 capital allocation. We have updated our 2023 excess cash to reflect the final net proceeds of divesting our interest in STP. The net proceeds from the sale of Gregory and the increase to our free cash flow midpoint for the year. The remaining numbers on this slide are largely consistent with the update we gave on the second quarter earnings call with a few notable exceptions. Moving from left to right, we have updated the capital we will spend on Vivint integration from $145 million to $50 million. This does not reflect lower cost associated with the integration, but rather a shifting of those dollars to 2024 and 2025. Much of the move is driven by systems integration decisions which shifted the timeline for those costs to be incurred. Continuing on, as you can see in the debt reduction column, we have made significant progress toward our target of $1.4 billion in debt reduction, with $800 million achieved through October 31st of this year. With the closing of the STP transaction, we will complete the remaining $600 million of debt reduction by the end of 2023 through a targeted liability management program. Finally, moving to the share repurchases column. You will see that we have completed $200 million of share repurchases thus far in 2023. This includes a $50 million we completed at the time of the second quarter earnings call and $150 million we recently completed on October 31st. With the closing of the STP transaction, we intend to launch a $950 million accelerated share repurchase program imminently. Between the $200 million already completed and the $950 million accelerated share repurchase program, our total share repurchases for the year will be $1.15 billion, which is $150 million more than what we had communicated at Investor Day and 2Q earnings. Moving to slide 14, we are excited to introduce our guidance for 2024. We are guiding 2024 full year adjusted EBITDA with a range of $3.3 billion to $3.55 billion, representing a midpoint of $3.425 billion. We are also guiding 2024 free cash-flow before growth, with a range of $1.825 billion to $2.075 billion, representing a midpoint of $1.95 billion. As you can see in the chart at the bottom of the page, there are several drivers of year-over-year guidance. Incremental Vivint EBITDA reflecting a full year’s worth of ownership is effectively offset by the lost EBITDA from the Greg -- from the STP and Gregory asset sales. Our growth plan and cost synergies contribute $240 million of incremental EBITDA, but it’s partially offset by an increase in the Vivint EBITDA harmonization adjustments. The final driver reflects a continuation of the improved operations and margin expansion, impacting our 2023 results and contributes to $160 million to our 2024 midpoint. As you can see with the impact of improved operations and margin expansion, our 2024 guidance midpoint exceeds the pro forma, we provided in our Investor Day plan. On slide 15, we are providing our 2024 capital allocation plan. As you can see, our capital allocation plan adheres to the 80-20 principal of return on capital versus growth, while ensuring we continue to meet our debt reduction commitments. Our plan currently calls for a debt reduction of $500 million in 2024. As we have always said, we are committed to a strong balance sheet and this debt reduction ensures that we remain on the path to achieving our target credit metrics by the end of 2025. Our return of capital plan is comprised of $825 million of share repurchases and $330 million of common dividends. The common dividends reflect an 8% increase in the common dividend per share from a $1.51 to a $1.63. Between capital return in 2023 and the expected capital return in 2024, we will have executed over 70% of our current share repurchase authorization and return to $2.65 billion to shareholders. In summary, our third quarter and year-to-date results show robust financial performance across the company, and with our increased 2023 guidance, we are poised to close out the year in a strong position and enter 2024 on a similarly high note. We remain committed to executing the Investor Day plan we shared back in June and our focus on maintaining a high level of operational performance will not waver as we head into the end of the year. With that, I will turn it back to you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Bruce. I want to provide a few closing thoughts on today’s presentation on slide 17. As you can see, we have made significant progress across all of our key priorities and are also ahead of the five-year plan we provided to you during our Investor Day. I want to take a moment to thank all my colleagues at NRG for keeping focused on execution and for their hard work in achieving these results. We have the right strategy and the right team to deliver exceptional value today and well into the future. So, with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Darren, we are now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey. Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Bruce, can we just unpack the $160 million in improved ops and margins that you are calling out in the 2024 EBITDA guidance, walk a little more? How much of that is margin expansion and how sticky is that overall as we look to refine our models for 2025 and beyond?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Bruce?
Bruce Chung: Sure. Hey, Shar. Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning.
Bruce Chung: So. I would say that, really when you think about the $160 million, it’s pretty much margin expansion across the entirety of the complex. So if we think about our Home Energy business, we are really seeing margin expansion, there is really on two fronts, one is on revenue management and on the cost of supply. So when you think about the durability of that, the revenue management side of it is really a function of the efforts we have done over the past several years around data-driven analysis to really make sure that we are targeting proper revenue rate for customers and then on the cost of supply, that’s really representing the benefits of our diversified supply strategy and just a general better plant performance relative to history. On the C&I side, we are seeing margin expansion there, which we would also believe is terrible. As we know, there has been volatility in the market and customers are locking in higher revenue rates reflecting that volatility, and obviously, those contracts tend to be longer tenor and so that should also provide durability. And then lastly on the Smart Home side. As you saw with the KPIs, we are seeing margin expansion both on the revenue front and higher revenue per subscriber, as well as lower cost to serve as we continue to optimize that piece of the business, and again, given the long duration nature of those customers, we would expect that to also continue to be durable. So, all-in-all, higher expansion on the margin side with durability.
Mauricio Gutierrez: So, Shar, I mean, this is really just a reflection of the improvements we have done in the business and I see them as durable sustainable for the foreseeable future.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And we should -- 2024 free cash flow conversion rate, it looks like it’s in the mid-to-high 50s. I know you have indicated at the Analyst Day, your target is to step-up through the plan into the mid=to-high 60s. Can you just walk us through how you see that stepping up and what kind of shape that may take, i.e., linear as we also continue to update our models? Thanks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Bruce, do you want to?
Bruce Chung: Yeah. I would say, Shar, I think, we continue to remain focused on that conversion rate. I don’t think it will be linear, because if you -- most of that conversion improvement is going to come from increasing the conversion at Vivint, right? And so if you remember, we provided some information that showed a free cash flow growth profile at Vivint going from $140 million to $445 million. by the end of 2025, so that’s a pretty steep increase in the cash flow at Vivint which is really going to help to drive that conversion higher on a go-forward basis.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And lastly, Mauricio, just on a -- just a strategy question, I guess. Can you just update us on how you are kind of approaching the prospects for newbuilds in ERCOT? I know there’s obviously a lot of the existing assets in the market right now, we have seen in Carolina and we have seen in Texas gen, would you have any interest in second hand plants? Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Well, as you know, Shar. We actually improve our diversified supply strategy. Some of it will be through own generation, some moving into rent and to complement with market purchases. So the team is constantly looking at the economics between buying from the market, renting or buying assets from other and creating options internally to develop those facilities either as brownfield development. So we are looking at all of it. We are evaluating the economics. At the end of the day, we are balancing operational risk, market risk, counterparty risk, that criteria permeates the evaluation that we are doing on all of these options. We are still awaiting to see changes in market design and other improvements to incentivize dispatchable generation. That also is going to shape the decisions that we are going to make. So as you can tell, this is not just a linear and a myopic view on assets to be bought in the market and development, we really also need to see what incentives are available given the changes in the regulatory construct in ERCOT. So I have said before that towards, I would say, the end of the year, we are going to have more visibility on those changes in ERCOT that is going to inform the next steps we are going to take.
Shar Pourreza: Fantastic guys. Congrats on your results. See you soon.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Shar. Appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you very much for taking the time. Appreciate it. Look, just checking in first on the buyback here just a technicality. Can we talk a little bit -- you have a big portion remaining for what you call 2023? You want to talk about your ability to get that done and then also how that might proves to be additive to kind of 2024 here, especially given the higher numbers that your guidance versus initial plan?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, Julien. So…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: …you get it done.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. As we mentioned, we are going to do the ASR imminently, that means as soon as possible. And what I will characterize the execution of that ASR, we are going to do it as fast and as efficient as we can. So I think that’s the spirit and the intent launching this ASR as soon as possible.
Bruce Chung: Julien, I would just add that as you know, when you do an ASR, we obviously realize the vast majority of the shares having been bought in pretty much on an immediate basis, but it takes time for the banks to be able to go and purchase those shares properly. And so my guess is, we would probably anticipate that the program will be completed inside of the first quarter of next year. But to us, that’s actually a pretty good situation because then that provides the ability to then roll into a regular way share of repurchase program related to our 2024 capital allocation plan to really continue to maintain the momentum on the repurchase front.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, guys. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Maybe just pivoting a little bit back here. I mean, obviously, very nicely done on 2024, nicely done on the comments on keeping it sticky. And then, Mauricio, next piece of this is, you have talked up this virtual Power Plant distributed opportunity on the call today in prior remarks, how do you see that feeding into, A, what you are talking about in 2024? I presume that’s not really necessarily reflected in size. But at the same time, you talk up an opportunity there, I presume that there’s a certain degree of customer election and choice in that. But how do you see that scaling here? When does that really meaningfully impacting and how meaningful are we talking here? I mean, I have heard some of your comments earlier, if you could elaborate.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. So, well, the first thing that I will say is that, this opportunity is not included in the investor -- in the plan that we provided at Investor Day. The second thing I will say is, just given the focus and the availability of technologies today, we are accelerating the scale-up of this opportunity. I initially thought that this was going to be a five-plus year opportunity. What we are experiencing is that this is going to be able to be implemented and scaled up faster than that. I would say it’s probably a three-plus year. And I provided some initial numbers that I think are very realistic on what we can accomplish. So if you look at a 1 gigawatt VI [ph] position in Texas this past summer, it represented close to $200 million of gross margin. And 1 gigawatt for our portfolio is basically less than 10% of the load -- of the peak load that we currently serve. So it’s very achievable and that gives you just some indication that you are not talking here about a small opportunity, you are talking here about a very large opportunity. The other thing that I will say is that, this product that we are talking about is really leveraging the devices that we use to protect homes plus the distributed technologies available today to help consumers optimize demand. Don’t think of this as a conservation effort -- opt-in conservation effort. This is about optimizing and about convenience for our customers. So it is a very different product from the traditional VI. That’s why we are calling it more as an optimization of the energy demand behind the meter as opposed to a traditional demand response. That’s why we are so excited because this is something that consumers want and this is something that NRG is uniquely positioned not only to provide to consumers, but to be able to monetize that value in the wholesale market. There is no other entity with the scale of NRG that can do that today. That’s why we are an early mover on this.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. Excellent. Thank you. Just a quick clarification from the last question from Shar. When he asked you about acquisitions or divestments on gas, I presume that what we saw with Gregory here is perhaps an indication of the margin of continued divestment on the margin of your portfolio as you move over time, right? We should set the expectation that more of these kinds of transactions are in the wings. Again, I get that Gregory was a very specific pattern here we assume.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think we are, for the most part, done on the optimization front. I mean remember, the optimization of our portfolio is driven by what we need to serve our load in the best possible way. STP, I already talked at great length, it’s block power, it is not necessarily, it is not flexible, it doesn’t move. We can replace that in the market. Gregory was also very specific. This is basically a plan that was built to provide steam to our host. So they really didn’t do provided the attributes of characteristics that we wanted from a flexible asset. I think after Gregory and STP I would say our optimization efforts are largely done.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. Julien.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski of Seaport. Your line is now open.
Angie Storozynski: Good morning, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Angie.
Angie Storozynski: Good morning. So first on Vivint. So one I was just wondering if you have heard any feedback from your activist investor about how holding onto Vivint is working out for you in the stock, so that’s one. And number two is, so you mentioned a number of positive updates on Vivint. One of the main ones, at least that’s stuck-up with me is the, basically lower attrition. So is it fair to say that the higher interest rates and thus lower migration is actually what’s benefiting your platform. Again not something that would everything to link higher interest rates as a benefit for a business like yours, but it’s deals that way.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Angie. So let me take the first one and then I am going to ask Rasesh to answer your second question. The focus of the management team and the company is to execute on our consumer strategy. And I think what you are seeing in the last two quarters is that, we basically delivering on the commitments that we provided to all of you on Investor Day. That’s our focus. I have been in -- on the road talking to investors to help them better understand the strategy, to help them better understand the value proposition that this consumer strategy represents and not just to the activist, but to all shareholders. And that has been our focus, that’s what we can do as a company, as a management team and I am very pleased with the results that we are delivering and I think shareholders in general are appreciating the value of our consumer strategy. And what I will say that also market participants as a whole, whether it’s ISOs or whether it is the regulators, they are starting to see the benefit and the opportunity that demand represents to better manage the entire power grid given the greater electrification that we are going to see in the years to come. So I think thus finally happening. But Rasesh the second question can you address?
Rasesh Patel: You bet. Angie, good morning. I think the results reflect the strong value proposition that we provide to consumers. If you think about 7% subscriber growth. We are also seeing an increase in the number of products each subscriber is actually taking into 5% growth in recurring revenue, simultaneously the cost-to-serve customers is down 19% on a unit basis year-over-year. And as you mentioned, one of the most powerful aspects of the value proposition is the near -- I think that a record-low attrition rate for us and this economy to have a nine-year customer life. When you bring these things together, combined with the fact that the average consumer is engaging with our products, 33% more than they were this time last year. It’s a really robust flywheel that results in just improving customer lifetime value and so we feel really good about the business and we think there’s a long runway ahead forward.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Just one follow-up on Vivint. So, Rasesh, you remember, as you said yourself, you are bringing forward this DR [ph] driven this growth on the Vivint side, I thought that the reason why we had expected the growth to materialize on the 2025 and beyond was because you actually needed some software upgrades, some sort of investment to facilitate that growth. So have you put those forward, hence the growth is materializing earlier?
Rasesh Patel: Yeah. So, I will say, and we literally just finish a pilot where we are connecting our Smart Home technology to our commercial operations. So let me take a little bit of a step-back. We already cover residential demand response program on our traditional energy business and that is connected to the backbone of our commercial operations to make sure that we optimize the system. What we have been doing the last couple of weeks and then is to connect now the Smart Home technology platform to our commercial operations backbone. That was very successful. That’s why I said that, we are accelerating those efforts and instead of being a five-plus-year opportunity, I see that as a three-plus-year opportunity. The improvements and investments that we need to do on the technology backbone is included in that 20% of growth, we are not going to increase that. What I am saying is that, there is the need and the -- by the consumer and quite candidly by the power grid to accelerate these efforts. So really, really good progress there, Angie.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then the last question, and again, I understand the explanation behind the divestiture of STP and I see that the EBITDA contribution from Gregory was very small, but you are getting shorter and shorter power in Texas. And again I know that not for a given summer because you hedge, but we just survive this the summer, I mean, better than survived, but anyway. I mean, all of these conservation alerts from ERCOT are causing anxiety among us and new investors, I am sure. So just strategically speaking, getting rid of more power plants in Texas, how do we manage this risk of matching the retail load with self-generation in Texas?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. So, Angie, let me just say two things. Number one, we are -- when we serve our customers we are not short. We are actually leaning long. We don’t have to own every megawatt or produce every megawatt that we sell to our customers. That will be the first thing. The second thing is, and perhaps, to your point about, ERCOT. When I think about the market, my view is that, the marginal unit, which means the most cost-efficient today is renewable energy. It’s going to be wind and solar, intermit and generation. That’s zero variable cost generation. What that means is that, for the most part of ours in the market is quite clear at a very low price, except for those periods where perhaps renewable is not performing as normal, because the wind is not blowing and the sun is not shining. So you are going to see very few periods of scarcity conditions. But for the most part, the rest of the intervals, the rest of the hours are going to be very low price. So that’s why demand response and the optimizing demand management is so, so important, because that basically gives you instantaneous peaking capacity exactly for the duration that you want, which is very short durations. I think we have the improvement that we have made on our supply strategy is very consistent with what we expect the market will be paid in the future and the opportunity around the management is again completely consistent with that expectation in terms of price formation and market behavior. So I believe we have positioned the company very, very well for the foreseeable future. And I will just say one more thing, we literally experienced the hottest summer on record in Texas and the grid handled it very well. The only time when we saw scarcity pricing was really at phase where we have low renewable output and even there ERCOT was managing the grid very conservatively. So I will say that, for those of you who really wanted to test the ERCOT market and the improved supply strategy that we have at NRG. This was the test and we passed with high flying colors I think.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our -- please wait one moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Michael Sullivan of Wolfe. Your line is now open.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, everyone. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey. Just wanted to follow-on one of the questions from earlier in terms of the growth target realization looks like that’s coming little bit sooner than expected. Does that indicate any potential upsides to the 2025 number of $300 million run rate?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think right now we are comfortable accelerating the 2023 targets, just given the success on our growth and cross-sell. Yeah, I think, it’s early to start thinking about moving the $300 million by 2025. What I will say is that, that roadmap does not include the VPP or demand side management potential and that’s something that we are going to be talking to all of you, quantifying it and how big it be and when can we start realizing it. So that’s more to come there.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. And then just specifically on the ERCOT portfolio, next week’s vote on the loan bill, does that drive any decision-making in terms of optimization of the fleet or newbuild or anything like that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, it is one more data point that we are going to take into consideration. I think the first step for the loan program, it is the vote and then the second step is the rules around how the loan program is going to work. Obviously, all market participants are looking at it and we will -- again, it will be one more data point for us to inform our supply strategy, but it is only one more data point.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our final question comes from the line of Ryan Levine of Citi. Your line is now open.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. I am hoping to start off saying more on the strategic side. At the Analyst Day, you indicated an aversion to larger strategic acquisitions. Given that the pre-capsule picture is becoming more favorable and maybe pricing for assets is going down. How committed are you to that vision and you think you highlight some potential VPP and power plant opportunities? Is there any scope around what type of incremental capital that could enable?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, the first thing I will say is, as I mentioned on Investor Day, we don’t see any more acquisitions. Second, we are completely committed to this capital allocation framework of 80% of return, 20% of growth. And third, the 20% is inclusive of the opportunity that we see on VPP. So, we will continue unpacking what that opportunity is and the investment, but it will be contained within the 20% during the planning period that we provided to you.
Ryan Levine: Okay. I appreciate the clarification. And then one more on the modeling side in terms of the Vivint, subscriber acquisition cost coming up and that subscriber acquisition cost coming up, what’s driving that and what do you think from a trend standpoint in terms of customer acquisitions?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. It is really a function of two things. One is the increase in interest rates year-over-year and two is a function of the consumer buying more products when they take our service. And on the second point, we feel very good about both the payback period, as well as the IRR. You see the boost in recurring revenue per subscriber that’s disclosed in the KPIs. I want to remind you that that’s across the entire 2.1 million subscriber base. If you would only look at the new customer acquisition cohort, the revenue increase -- the service revenue increase is even more substantive than that. And so, we feel very good about the payback of that incremental investment in the consumer as they take more products from us.
Ryan Levine: Is the customer composition or the customer mix evolving or any comments you are able to make around the characteristics of your new subscriber cost?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. Other than the new customers are sort of taking more product as we continue to expand our product portfolio. There’s no change in the mix. We have a very, very high quality subscriber base and high credit scores. And so it’s a very resilient business from that standpoint.
Ryan Levine: Okay. I appreciate you taking my question.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn it back to Mauricio Gutierrez for closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Darren. Well, I would like to thank all of you for your interest in the company and your support and look forward to providing you updates in the future. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy Incorporated. Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Jana. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's second quarter 2023 earnings call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcast. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this morning by Bruce Chung, Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions are other members of our management team including the heads of Home, Smart Home Business and Policy. Just over a month ago we held our Investor Day, where we provided an update on our long-term consumer strategy. We outlined the strength of our core energy business, how the acquisition of Vivint further enhances our energy platform and position us to capitalize on the convergence of electricity and smart technologies in the home. Today, I am going to focus on the results for the second quarter, starting on Slide 4 with our three key messages. First, our business delivered strong quarterly results and we are now trending towards the end – the high end of our 2023 EBITDA guidance range. Next, the Vivint Smart Home integration is well underway and we are realizing early wins in our combined sales efforts. Finally, we are executing on our consumer strategy to deliver significant value to our shareholders. Moving to the second quarter results on Slide 5. We delivered top decile safety performance and $819 million of adjusted EBITDA, a 112% increase from the same period last year, driven by excellent performance on our core energy business and the addition of Vivint Smart Home. Bruce will provide additional details on specific drivers but our business benefited from strong plant operations, our enhanced supply strategy, customer growth and favorable market conditions. During the quarter, we began the integration of Vivint Smart Home, which has yielded solid early results. Our revenue and cost synergy programs are well underway and we are reaffirming the full plan targets. As a result of early wins in our growth initiatives, we are increasing our 2023 growth target to $60 million, doubling our previous expectation. Finally, we hosted our Investor Day in June, which included our five-year strategic plan and an update on our capital allocation framework. As a result of the sale of South Texas Project and our revised capital allocation plan we are executing on a $2.7 billion share repurchase authorization and a $2.6 billion debt reduction plan. Through July we were able to complete $50 million of share repurchases and $200 million of debt reduction. As a result of the strong quarterly results and our position for the rest of the year we are reaffirming our 2023 financial guidance with our EBITDA currently trading at the higher end of the range. Now turning to Slide six for an update on our Energy business. ERCOT has experienced record peak demand this summer demonstrating robust load growth in our core Texas region on a weather-normalized basis. The electric grid has been stable through these record demand. During the quarter thermal and wind generation performed close to expected levels which kept our prices relatively muted. As I mentioned during Investor Day we implemented changes to our supply strategy that have worked well for us. We were more conservative on our plant operations and took additional maintenance outages that resulted in better performance from our fleet. We also purchased additional power above our expected low to give us more cushion against extreme weather. All of these have positioned us well this summer and for balance of the year. Parish Unit eight is in testing mode and expected to come back to full service by the end of this month. On the regulatory front the PUCT last week approved a much discussed bridge solution which establishes positive price floors at various levels of operating reserves. This eliminates negative pricing during many hours and should help existing dispatchable units. Looking forward ERCOT and the PUCT are moving ahead with the market design changes stemming from the recent legislative session. These changes were meant to increase reliability and incentivize new dispatchable generation. Key among these programs is PCM the Performance Credit Mechanism which will now go through our rule-making process prior to being implemented.  Another major program coming from the legislator was the Texas Energy Fund a program of low interest rate loans and completion bonuses for new generation. Prior to its implementation the Texas Energy Fund must first be approved as a ballot measure by the public in November election. On Slide 7 we are introducing our new scorecard for the growth and cost initiatives. These will be updated on a quarterly basis with our progress. I have been very impressed with the level of collaboration and integration between our Energy and Smart Home teams. During the Investor Day we discussed the makeup of our $300 million growth program 50% coming from organic growth at historical levels and 50% from cross-sell activities. For the quarter Energy and Smart Home grew at historical target levels and in line with our plan. For the cross-sell activities we have seen some early successes. As such we are increasing our growth target in 2023 from $30 million to $60 million. Our Energy and Smart Home call centers have begun transferring more leads to each other and we are seeing positive customer conversion rates on qualified leads of around 6%. And with the addition of the DIY system introduced during the quarter conversion rates are now moving closer to 10%, as this system is a good entry point to upsell and create more stickiness with the customer. One of the best examples of cross-selling and leveraging capabilities across NRG is the Vivint Protection Plan. This is an equipment protection plan that leverages NRG's current capabilities. Vivint launched this program in the second quarter, and we are already at 120,000 plans sold. This is a new revenue stream with very little cost. Our focus for the remainder of the year is to continue testing different bundles and offers before we scale it up in 2024. We are very encouraged on what we're seeing across the two businesses and the opportunities that are arising inside the home. One of the commitments during our Investor Day was to provide additional disclosures on our Vivint Smart Home business. On slide 8, we have provided key performance indicators, comparing quarter-over-quarter. As you can see, we have performed exceptionally well during the quarter, with subscribers growing 7% and recurring service margins up 9%. Our customers are engaging more with our platform and are staying for a longer period of time. Acquisition costs are higher due to the impact of higher interest rates and more products being sold, but they were more than offset by higher revenue on new subscribers. Overall, the profitability of the business is very strong. On the right-hand side is our Vivint Smart Home pro forma, free cash flow projection through 2025. Our target is to grow customer count in line with historical performance around 7%, while we continue to increase margin contribution and reduce overall cost of acquiring and servicing customers. We expect to more than triple the cash flow generator from the business over the next three years. It will provide NRG an earnings stream that is stable, predictable over a long period of time and importantly, diversified from our current Energy business. Turning to slide 9. Our Investor Day focused on our commitment to operating excellence, disciplined growth, and maximizing shareholder returns. I want to provide you some of the key highlights of the event. We outlined a three-part strategic plan to optimize our Integrated Energy model, grow Energy and Smart Home and increased return of capital, while achieving an investment-grade balance sheet. Our Integrated Energy model has evolved in the last seven years, providing more durable earnings. We have strengthened our supply portfolio with the right mix of assets to better serve our customer load. The recent sale of our interest in South Texas Project is a great example of our ability to optimize our platform and maximize shareholder value, through monetizing an asset whose attributes can be readily replicated and replaced in the market. At the same time, we are signing renewable PPAs and evaluating dispatchable capacity development projects, that better match our hedging needs. We outlined our growth program for Energy and Smart Home, capitalizing on the convergence of electricity and smart technologies inside the home. We are going to use Vivint Smart Home technology platform to connect all of our products and services into a seamless experience for our customers. These will result in higher customer lifetime value. Finally, we announced an update to our capital allocation framework with 80% of capital available for allocation now returned to shareholders. With the acquisition of Vivint complete, we have line of sight to the investment needs of the company going forward with growth investments using only 20% of capital available for allocation. Consistent with this change we increased our share repurchase authorization to $2.7 billion to be completed through 2025. We also accelerated the achievement of our investment-grade credit metrics targets to 2025. I will pass it over to Bruce for the financial review.
Bruce Chung: Thank you, Mauricio. NRG built on a solid first quarter with strong results in the second quarter that materially exceeded performance from last year. The company generated consolidated adjusted EBITDA of $819 million in the quarter, which is $433 million higher than the second quarter of 2022. As you can see in the chart at the bottom of the page, legacy NRG results once again included the impact of asset sales and retirements in the second quarter of 2022 totaling $30 million. The quarter also reflected $60 million of benefit compared to 2Q 2022 from the reversal of transitory items such as coal constraints and increased ancillary expenses. Strong performance in our core Energy business resulted in $186 million of uplift from the prior year. That uplift was driven by lower supply costs and improved plant performance relative to 2022. Finally, the remaining year-over-year increase to consolidated results is attributable to Vivint EBITDA of $217 million, which was not included in our 2022 results. Looking at our segments, and starting with Texas, adjusted EBITDA increased by $241 million versus the prior year on the back of higher gross margin of $273 million. As outlined earlier, meaningful unit margin expansion from lower supply costs, coupled with improved plant performance, were the primary drivers for the increase in gross margin. This increase in gross margin was partially offset by increased OpEx from the timing of planned outages and higher insurance premiums. In the East/West segment, adjusted EBITDA declined $25 million versus last year driven primarily by asset sales and retirements. Similar to Texas, gross margin increased year-over-year and lower power supply costs more than offset the negative impact of volume declines due to mild weather. In Q2, Vivint continued to deliver strong financial results contributing $217 million in adjusted EBITDA. Revenue grew 12% year-over-year driven by favorable retention and higher recurring monthly revenue per subscriber which combined with reductions in monthly service cost per customer drove a 14% increase in adjusted EBITDA compared to Q2 2022. Lastly, with average subscriber growth of 7% year-over-year, Vivint recently achieved a key milestone surpassing two million customers. NRG's free cash flow before growth for the quarter was $425 million, a year-over-year increase of $328 million, primarily driven by the increase in adjusted EBITDA. In addition to improved EBITDA, falling gas prices have reduced cash outflows for gas inventory that is typically built in the second quarter. Finally, building on our strong year-to-date results, we are reaffirming our adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth guidance for 2023. Now turning to Slide 12 for a brief update on our 2023 allocation, capital allocation. You will notice that the numbers shown on this slide align with the guidance we gave during our June Investor Day presentation. I would call your attention to the progress we have made so far on debt reduction and share repurchases. Through July 31st, we have paid down $200 million of debt and remain on track to complete our target of $1.4 billion in debt reduction for 2023. Additionally we executed $50 million of share repurchases in July as part of our $2.7 billion share repurchase authorization through 2025. Quickly turning to Slide 13. Our credit profile has not changed meaningfully since our last earnings call. As a result this slide has not substantially changed since our last update except for an update to the adjustments to capture the non-cash fulfillment amortization costs that are included in adjusted EBITDA as a result of the EBITDA harmonization we did last quarter. We remain on track to achieve our 2023 targeted leverage ratio and we reiterate our commitment to achieving investment-grade credit metrics by the end of 2025. Before turning it back to Mauricio, I wanted to be sure to augment his earlier comments regarding our commitment to enhance disclosure especially with respect to Vivint. As part of that commitment, you will see in the appendix of the presentation some new disclosure providing key metrics related to Vivint. We will continue to provide these key metrics on a quarterly basis and we look forward to working with you to help you understand how these metrics drive the financial results of the business. With that, I'll turn it back to you Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you Bruce. Turning to Slide 15. I want to provide a few closing thoughts on our 2023 priority score card. As you can see, our team has remained focused on execution as evidenced by our strong results for the quarter. Our core energy business is well-positioned for the summer. The integration of Vivint is off to a good start and we're working towards closing the sale of STP by the end of the year. We will remain focused on executing our strategic plan that creates significant shareholder value. I look forward to updating you on our progress. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Jana, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of BofA. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning, team. Thank you very much for the time. I appreciate it as always. Maybe just first off just -- thank you for all the details on Vivint. Can you talk a little bit about your 6% conversion rate in terms of -- here? Just how does that compare versus expectations, and just perhaps provide a little bit of context?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Good morning, Julien. So, in…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: …of KPIs.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. So Julien in terms of the conversion rates, this is what we've been able to achieve on qualified leads so far. This is higher than what we expected. If you recall our cross-sell target was around a 3% penetration so this is above that. Obviously, this is early, but we're very encouraged by the success that we've had so far. This is Smart Home customers buying Energy and Energy buying Smart Home. With the addition of the DIY system that Vivint introduced we're actually seeing an increase on those conversion rates, because it allows us to have an entry point a cheaper entry point that we can use to up-sell and create more stickiness with the customers. So we're very, very encouraged by what we're seeing so far. At the same time, some of the secondary products like the Protection Plan from Vivint had tremendous success. And that's why when you combine all these with our organic growth we -- I felt compelled to increase our targets for 2023. So we are seeing results faster than what we expected initially. Very, very encouraging. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you so much, again, really appreciate, over the phone. And then related can you talk a little bit about your commitment to building new generation in Texas? I mean, obviously, you want to see this corresponding support from the state here. Just where do we stand on that investment follow through? As well as just the ROFR or any potential commentary around the petition from your coders on STP? 
Mauricio Gutierrez: So, let me start with the development projects. As you know, we have three development projects that are in late stages of development. I mean, one of them is short already. We have positioned ourselves to capitalize on the market design changes that ERCOT has put forward both in PCM and the new loan program. As I mentioned, we need more clarity on both of these fronts before we can actually move forward with these projects, but I am very pleased with how the team has positioned these projects and they're ready. This is exactly the type of generation exactly the right attributes that we need to manage our loan. This is mid-merit and peaking capacity, so loan following type of attributes. And I'm just very pleased that, the team has put us in this position to be able to make that decision. I think, your second question was around the claims of our partners at STP. Let me be very clear. We believe that, the claims are without merit and we expect to close the sale of our interest in STP by the end of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just to clarify, it says you're not committed yet on making the repowering investments here?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No not yet. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. Fair enough. I will leave it there. Thank you, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Just one on STP just a quick follow-up on Julien's question. If -- for instance if there is a delay and we have to book in this right? I mean, obviously, there's a level of confidence. We heard the prepared remarks. Could a delay impact anything on the capital allocation slide as we're thinking about it? So even on the buyback side assuming there could be a delay?
A - Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, I'm not going to speculate on that. Like I said, the claims are without merit. Our plan is to close by the end of the year. I think is – and as we have done in the past, we will deploy capital when we have it, right? So right now our focus is on the share buyback and the debt reduction program that we have for 2023. As you saw, since we overperformed during the second quarter, we were able to allocate $50 million to share buybacks. If that overperformance continues, we will continue to allocate in capital to share buybacks until we have the – until we close the sale of STP, which is really an event that will increase substantially, the capital that we have available to redeploy.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. Perfect. And then Mauricio, you guys obviously booked some significant margin expansion this quarter. Could we just dig a little bit further into the $186 million, you're calling out? Maybe just both geographically, Texas versus East and/or by function. So does that also include near-term portfolio optimization with trading, or is it really true longer-term margin expansion? So put it all together how durable is that? Thanks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Let me start, and then I'll pass it over to Bruce for the specifics. I think the team did just a fantastic job in managing margins, both in terms of revenue optimization and also the enhanced supply – diversified supply strategy that we have on our commercial team, allowed us to realize lower supply cost. So really, really good management all around and our plants performed as expected, which I think that's what we expect going forward but Bruce, any other additional details? 
Bruce Chung: Yes, sure. So when you think about the $186 million, the preponderance of that really came out of Texas, not surprisingly as you think about year-over-year. With the improved plant performance, that's going to translate into a much better setup for us to be able to service our supply obligations appropriately. Just to give you a little bit of context, as you look at the power price landscape year-over-year between the two quarters, you'll see that around-the-clock prices in ERCOT were about 50% lower, which really helped us optimize how we service our load. And then to your point about the question on durability, look, the reality is as long as our plants perform, our margins should be durable and so that's what we continue to intend to do and continue to plan around. So on the East, there was a little bit of – there was some margin expansion as well on the C&I side. We have seen C&I customers sign up contracts at better margins for us, alongside the optimization activities that Mauricio had referred to. So overall, preponderance of it came from Texas but some amount in the East as well.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. Fantastic job guys. I appreciate it. Have a good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. One moment, please. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Seaport. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. Good morning. So you guys maintained the guidance range but is it fair to assume that you are tracking above the midpoint both from the EBITDA and free cash flow perspective? 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Good morning, Angie. So yes we are keeping – we're affirming our guidance ranges at this point. I have indicated that we're trending toward the high-end of the guidance. Obviously, the third quarter is a very important quarter. We are well positioned for it, our plants are performing well, our supply strategy is working well for us, but we'll have an opportunity to update you on our results in the third quarter call. So far, I am very pleased with how the business has performed across all business segments: Generation Retail Smart Home. And -- but third quarter the summer is very important. Thus you appreciate given the extreme weather that we have seen. But so far, the business is performing very well.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Moving on to the margin expansion on the retail side and I appreciate that most of it comes from Texas. But we've heard from some other retailers comments about the particular margin expansion for full requirement contracts. Remind us please if you actually have any of those? Probably more in the East, but again just -- I don't even recall.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean we have -- remember the full requirement is really C&I. We share C&I customers across Texas and the East. I think Bruce already mentioned that what we are seeing is higher margins because there is greater volatility in the market right both in Texas and in the East. So greater volatility means higher load following premiums which means higher margins on the customers. This is a trend that we are also seeing in our business and again, the changes that we made to our diversified supply strategy are working really well both for C&I, but also for residential customers.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then on Vivint, why is there such a meaningful increase in the acquisition costs for customers?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. So I mean the increase is twofold. Number one, you have higher interest rates. And then number two, the customers are buying more products and that's a really good thing. Now what you also should be able to see on the KPIs that we're providing you, our revenues are also higher. And by the way much higher than that increase so net-net is an increase on profitability. But Rasesh perhaps you want to just provide a little bit more color? 
Rasesh Patel: Yeah. Thank you, Mauricio. You said it well. What we're seeing is customers are more engaged in buying more services in the home. I think you can see through the KPIs that the monthly recurring service margin per customer is up 9% and that's 9% across the entire customer base. When we look at our customer acquisition cohort, it's up more substantively than that and so you can think of this as the increased acquisition cost will drive over $250 of incremental revenue over the life of the customer. And so we feel very good about the engagement level and the margin expansion in the base.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, Mauricio. You've answered all the other questions I had. Just maybe real quick, obviously, you're very confident in 2023 here. So Parish Unit 8 probably you don't see that as a meaningful impact, but the in-service is getting pushed. I think the last target was end of July, you moved it slightly to this month. Just can you talk to that what's going on there?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I mean, we’re seeing top the unit in middle of July. We are working right now through additional testing and as you can appreciate this was basically a rebuild of the entire generator. But I'm confident that we're going to come back end of August. In terms of planning, you're correct. We actually took all the necessary steps to manage our low in the market at really good economics. So I feel that even if Parish comes back at the end of the month, it's not going to have an impact on the guidance that we provided you today.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. That's all I had. I appreciate the color. Thank you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Durgesh.
Operator: One moment for our next question please. Your next question comes from David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, David.
David Arcaro: On the Smart Home business, I was wondering if you could speak to what the free cash flow before growth was for the quarter there, or any color on the free cash flow conversion you're seeing from EBITDA? Wondering how you're trending versus the full year $140 million pro forma target there?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Bruce?
Bruce Chung: Yeah, David. So as you know, we don't report free cash flow before growth for any individual segment of the company. But based on what we are seeing given the outperformance on the EBITDA side, we would expect to achieve the free cash flow before growth guidance that we had provided in our first quarter earnings call.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. And then on the retail side of the -- Retail Energy side of the business, wondering if you could give an update on how customer retention and overall customer additions were trending in the quarter? And curious if you've seen any new entrants start to pop up particularly in ERCOT? And any, kind of, change in the competitive landscape there recently?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. I'll pass it over to Elizabeth, but I will say that our KPIs on our Retail Energy business are pretty much in line with our expectation, including customer growth. But Elizabeth can you provide more details?
Elizabeth Killinger: Sure. Thanks David. We actually saw really strong customer retention rates consistent with last year's performance consistent with what we expected in the budget. And for customer acquisition, we have a little bit of overperformance for the quarter and we're really building that momentum to achieve that low single-digit customer growth between year-end 2022 and 2023. As far as competitive landscape, we see a normal healthy competitive market in Texas. It's pretty consistent that every year we'll see a new player add billboards in the market or start doing something different, but there isn't anything materially different. We do see competitors like Shell and others that are larger competitors, which we appreciate, because overall that strengthens the market. But our performance is strong and our leading digital experience and leading customer acquisition and retention help us win in the marketplace.
David Arcaro: Okay. Thanks. That’s really appreciated.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our last question. Our final question comes from Ryan Levine of Citi. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. What drove the monthly recurring net service cost per subscriber reduction by 22%? And was that largely in line with what you were anticipating, or is there any outsized movements this quarter?
Bruce Chung: Yes, Ryan. So, the primary drivers of that reduction, about 50% of that really is a function of fewer truck rolls and reduced supply chain constraints. We probably realized about 25% fewer truck rolls than we had in the past. The other 50% or the other 50% of the favorability really results from the ending of our payments to Alarm.com, which had started towards the -- towards the second half of last year.
Ryan Levine: Is Q2 '23 number more likely to continue on a go-forward basis, or are there any trends that we should look for as we look into forecast factors?
Bruce Chung: Yes. So Rasesh, why don't you take that one? 
Rasesh Patel: Yes, you bet. We feel very good about where net service cost per subscriber is and we would expect the current rate at which we are to continue. The favorability we've seen is durable and it's a perfect thing when you see customers buying more products and you see higher penetration of your service, while simultaneously you see the cost to serve going down and that's exactly what's driving the margin expansion. And so, we feel really good about the trends and we think that is sustainable.
Ryan Levine: So, if I'm hearing you correctly, you continue to see fewer truck rolls and decreasing number of truck rolls on a go-forward basis as a driver, or am I misinterpreting that?
Rasesh Patel: That's right. So, you can see, if we think -- when you look at this on a per customer basis and we would expect to see this lower rate that we have achieved for both contact rate calls, as well as truck rolls to continue. We've recently started a virtual technician pilot, which really allows us to serve the customers' needs without ever rolling a truck and we're seeing very promising results from that. And so, this is sort of a new benchmark for the business.
Ryan Levine: Thanks for the clarity.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back to Mauricio Gutierrez, President and CEO for closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Jana. And thank you everyone for your interest and your time today and I look forward to speaking with all of you in the days and weeks to come. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Kevin Cole, Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's first quarter 2020 earnings call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcast. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures, please see the reconciliation in the back of the earnings presentation. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this morning by Alberto Fornaro, Chief Financial Officer; and also on the call and available for questions are other members of our management team, including Rasesh Patel, Head of Vivint Smart Home. I'd like to start on slide four with the three key messages for today's presentation. First, our wholesale and retail businesses performed well during the first quarter and delivered strong financial results. We are focused on our core energy operations and have taken steps to make our platform more predictable and resilient. This brings me to my second point. We are seeing improving market fundamentals that should benefit our portfolio as we head into the summer. Finally, we completed the Vivint Smart Home acquisition and integration efforts have now begun in full. We are also updating our 2023 guidance ranges to account for this acquisition. Moving to the first quarter results on slide five. We delivered top decile safety performance and $646 million of adjusted EBITDA. This is a 28% improvement from last year when adjusted for asset sales and retirements. These results were driven primarily by strong operations in our core energy business, direct energy synergies and the addition of one month of Vivint earnings. During the quarter, we made good progress advancing our strategic priorities. We are on track to achieve the full synergy target for direct energy this year. We continue to be opportunistic on our portfolio optimization efforts with the sale of Astoria and we closed the Vivint acquisition in early March. Integration efforts for Vivint are now fully underway. Day one activities went well, and we have now defined the growth synergy target of $30 million for 2023. We will share additional details for the total program at our upcoming Investor Day. I want to take a moment and welcome the Vivint team to the NRG family. I continue to be impressed with the business and particularly the alignment in our corporate values that focuses on safety and customer experience. Finally, we are updating our 2023 guidance ranges to include Vivint and the alignment of adjusted EBITDA between our two companies. Alberto will unpack this in more detail, but let me provide you a quick overview. We're updating our full year guidance to $3.01 billion to $3.25 billion adjusted EBITDA, and $1.62 billion to $1.86 billion of free cash flow before growth. This includes 10 months of Vivint, expected growth and cost synergies for this year. This also reflects the harmonization of adjusted EBITDA to align both companies more with the consumer services industry. Excluding the impact of these changes, the traditional core energy business of NRG remains unchanged with previous stand-alone 2023 guidance ranges. Now, turning to slide 6. I want to provide a brief market update for Texas. We continue to see robust tenant demand growth on a weather-normalized basis north of 3%, driven by population growth and a strong state economy. We expect this trend to continue in the foreseeable future. As you can see in the chart on the left-hand side of the slide, the first quarter was characterized by mild weather and much lower natural gas and power prices, which settled well below market expectations. This benefited our integrated platform by allowing us to bring down our power plants during periods of low prices and performed additional preventive maintenance, while buying power from the market cheaper than our own generation. This resulted in margin expansion fully offsetting lower weather-driven demand, and this is exactly our platform was designed to perform. Looking ahead to this summer, our portfolio is well positioned to deliver stable results. Supply chain constraints are for the most part behind us, and our power plants are ready to run as we progress on our second year of increased maintenance spend. We are also more conservative on our hedging and the operating assumptions we're using for our power plants. Importantly, WA Parish unit remains on track to return to service before the summer. As you can see, we have taken steps to make our portfolio more predictable. Finally, I want to provide a brief update on ERCOT market design enhancements. After considering many alternatives during 2022, the Public Utility Commission of Texas unanimously approved the performance credit mechanism or PCM. This is a market-based solution that is widely supported by competitive entities and regulators. The Texas legislature is currently reviewing the PCM and other enhancements. We expect market design resolution by the end of May with the Texas legislative session, concluding on May 29. We anticipate that PCM will take a few years to be implemented. In the interim, ERCOT and the PUCT are considering a bridge solution that enhances the operating reserve demand curve or ORDC to increase online reserves. We applaud the efforts by the governor, legislature, PUCT and ERCOT to improve the reliability of the grid through market-based solutions. We have several brownfield projects in various stages of development, but all of them will require regulatory certainty before they can move forward. Moving to slide 7. I want to provide an update on our consumer-facing businesses. Beginning with our Retail Energy & Services platform, margins were up year-over-year by 7%, driven by lower supply costs and stable customer count. This was somewhat offset by lower load due to mild weather during the quarter. In the East, we grew through our customer acquisition efforts to provide consumers an alternative to rising incumbent utility prices. We continue to see no material increase in bad debt, which is a direct result of the essential nature of the services we provide. Finally, we launched a modernized digital experience on our web and model app that enables customers to manage their energy usage and provide actionable insights that we are uniquely able to generate regarding uses of energy in their home for their EVs and through their solar solutions. While we have only owned Vivint for one month, I want to provide a full first quarter statistics for comparison. Vivint grew customers by 9% and revenue by 14% compared to the same period last year. Like NRG, Vivint continues to experience strong retention and stable bad debt. The company was also busy in the quarter, enhancing their products and introducing innovative offerings, two of which I want to highlight. First, the Vivint app now includes solar production beta so our customers can actively monitor their energy conservation and cost savings. Second, they introduced a do-it-yourself product called driven basics that makes it easy for owners and renters alike to get the starter system for less than $300. Having a viable DIY and single point solutions is key to our strategy of creating more entry points for customers that we can later upgrade to our fully integrated smart home offering. Now, with respect to synergies, we are reaffirming our cost and growth targets for both 2023 and the full plan. Cost synergies are primarily the result of the combination of two public companies and are expected to total $100 million in recurring run rate free cash flow before growth. Growth synergies of $300 million will be achieved through a target for cross-sell, Vivint organic growth and sales channel optimization. In total, we expect $400 million of recurring synergies to be achieved over the next three years. The synergy and integration plan is now fully underway and is led by the same team responsible for the transformation plan and the direct energy integration. On the right-hand side of the slide, you will see the scorecard for Vivint. We have now introduced 2023 growth targets and cost to achieve. We plan to update this scorecard in the coming quarters to provide further transparency and keep you informed on our progress. I know I have said this before, but we are very excited about the opportunities for the combined company moving forward. Vivint brings a complementary business that expands our customer network by nearly 40% and that smart home technology and infrastructure to strengthen our platform. Together, we create the leading essential home services provider in North America, serving a network of nearly 7.5 million customers, and the acquisition also accelerates the plan we laid out at our 2021 Investor Day and creates the opportunity to deliver significantly shareholder value. During the first three years of integration, this value will be created through both cost and growth synergies, which are laid out on the slide. In the medium and long-term, I see even more opportunity to create value through growing customer count nationally, increasing the average number of solutions per customer and materially extending the customer lifetime. So, with that, I will pass it over to Alberto for the financials review.
Alberto Fornaro: Thank you, Mauricio. NRG experienced a good start to the year and delivered strong results during milder-than-expected weather conditions. We entered the winter season seeing high forward gas and power curves. Moderate weather and relatively geopolitical stability translated into much lower power volumes in Texas and in the East and much lower actual prices in most markets with the exception of California. Additionally, NRG liquidity has significantly improved due to global collateral requirements after the winter season and the proactive management of our collateral utilization. We also completed the acquisition of Vivint Smart Home and have included Vivint's March performance in our financial stake. Before we continue, let me provide a little bit more detail about Vivint. At close, the EBITDA metric for the two companies was not identical. Therefore, we have harmonized it. I will go into more detail in the guidance section, but please note that all figures, including prior year reflect a consistent EBITDA across segments. Let's go now to the first quarter results. NRG consolidated adjusted EBITDA of $647 million is $137 million higher than the first quarter of 2022. As you can see in the chart at the bottom of the page, Legacy Energy results include the anticipated negative impact of asset sales and retirements in the second quarter of 2022, totaling $30 million. On a like-to-like basis, Legacy Energy EBITDA increased by approximately $67 million. Last year, transitory items, including the Limestone Unit 1 extended outage, coal and chemical constraints and the temporary spike in ancillary costs impacted our profitability. Our Q1 2023 results show that these items have been fully recovered. We've also included Vivint March results in our first quarter financials, which contributed $73 million of additional EBITDA. The remaining $27 million increase is related to EBITDA harmonization. Going now to segment performance on the top left. Across the different geographical regions, we have in general experienced an expansion of unit margins that have been mitigated by lower volumes and usage. Starting with Texas, adjusted EBITDA increased by $43 million versus prior year and gross margin was $120 million higher. Opportunistic planned outages, insurance premium and pension cost increases and the return on bad debt to historical levels contributed to an increase in operating expenses compared to the first quarter of 2022. In the East, West & Services and Other segment, adjusted EBITDA declined $6 million versus last year, driven primarily by asset sales and retirement similar to Texas. Gross margin increased year-over-year, a lower power supply cost more than offset the negative impact of a volume decline. As said, we have included March results in our Q1 EBITDA, and these results were better than prior year on a comparable basis. While we are not reporting full Q1 quarterly results for Vivint, we are very encouraged by the results. On a standalone basis, all major KPIs, including profitability metrics, having improved compared to the prior year. We have begun integration in cross-selling activities and targets have been confirmed and are expected to be realized as planned.  Energy free cash flow before growth was $203 million, in line with our expectations impacted by milder temperatures that drove power purchases up and power generation down, thus increasing fuel inventory levels. We have identified the initiative to reduce inventories, but expect to defer any action until after the summer season. Lastly, on NRG balance sheet, cash collateral received by counterparties positive mark-to-market of the derivative portfolio and the account receivable and account payables are all trending down. This is an inversion of the trend that we have seen in the last six quarters. Let's move now to slide 10 to discuss the guidance for 2023. As mentioned, we are providing additional detail for adjusted EBITDA. Prior to the acquisition, NRG and Vivint accounted for items within adjusted EBITDA differently, and we are now harmonized what will be included in this metric going forward. Capitalized costs can be split into acquisition costs and fulfillment costs. The amortization of capital customer acquisition costs mostly sales commission paid by both NRG and Vivint will be excluded from adjusted EBITDA. The amortization of capitalized fulfillment costs, mostly Vivint product and installation expenses will no longer be excluded from adjusted EBITDA. Stock-based compensation expenses will also be excluded from adjusted EBITDA. There are no impacts to free cash flow. Moving to the world at the bottom of the page, Legacy Energy 2023 guidance is substantially unchanged compared to our Q3 earnings call. The only exception is a $120 million increase due to EBITDA harmonization. For Vivint, guidance includes pro forma 2022 EBITDA unchanged from December. This has been prorated for 10 months of owner fleet. We have added $65 million in expected 2023 synergies and growth, minus $35 million from the EBITDA harmonization. Overall, the net impact in 2023 is positive, and we have updated guidance accordingly. Free cash flow before guidance is simply the sum of the Legacy NRG guidance and the $110 million pro forma free cash flow number from December 2022. This has increased by the growth contribution and prorated for 10 months. As a reminder, the original 2022 pro forma free cash flow before growth for Vivint, included the free cash flow before growth, the impact of synergies and the additional interest on the acquisition debt. Lastly, the addition of Vivint to our guidance, we have incorporated a slightly higher range of plus or minus $120 million from the guidance midpoint on a consolidated basis. Now turning to slide 11 for a brief update on our 2023 capital allocation. Moving left to right with blue shading indicating updates. 2023 excess cash equals $1.999 billion. This includes roughly $250 million of excess cash for 2022, including $209 million in proceeds from the sale of Astoria, and the full year free cash flow below growth of $1.740 billion, inclusive of energy standalone guidance of $1.620 billion, plus $120 million provision. This also captured the expected impact of the additional debt finance. There is no change to the $500 million target of leverage neutral net inflow from asset sales. Moving on to cash utilized for Vivint. This includes the additional requirement of $100 million in the cash minimum balance, about $250 million of NRG cash utilization, net of Vivint cash, $545 million Vivint integration expenses and $900 million of expected debt reduction. Next, we have the remuneration of our equity holders and the dividend to the preferred issued in March. The allocation of cash to investments totaled about $190 million, including $90 million for growth initiatives. Now, moving to the far right bar. We expect a total of $506 million available for future allocation. This will fund the remaining share repurchase program upon full visibility of achieving our 2023 target credit methods, which are detailed in the next slide. Quickly turning to slide 12. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet. This slide does not substantially change since our last update, we just updated partially -- we updated a higher energy EBITDA, partially mitigated by lower adjustment and the slightly lower [indiscernible]. We are focused on achieving our 2023 target ready metrics, which include a leverage ratio approximately 3.2 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA, and we are on track for investment-grade credit metrics by later 2025 and 2026 through both debt reduction and growth. Back to you Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. Turning to slide 14. I want to provide a few closing thoughts on today's presentation. We delivered strong results for the first quarter and are well positioned for the balance of the year. With the Vivint acquisition complete, we turn our focus to integration, growth and synergies. Our efforts are well underway, and it is now all about execution. I look forward to providing you a comprehensive update on our home business and strategy at our upcoming Investor Day. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Sean, we're now ready to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning team. Thank you guys very much for the time. Appreciate it. Nicely done here.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning, Mauricio. Pleasure. Just wanted to follow up on the synergy scorecard here and just thinking through Vivint here. I mean you're laying out -- you've got the $300 million and $100 million in revenue and cost synergies, respectively. How do you think about that translating back to consolidated EBITDA for Vivint here again? And/or, how does that fit with the 12% to 15% FCF target as well? Just want to try to tie it out at least $225 million as best you can today, if we can be a little bit more specific.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So Julien, I'm assuming that you're talking about the target that we provide on our free cash flow per share that support 15% or 20% growth. And when you look at the EBITDA and free cash flow generation capability of NRG and then you lay on top of that, the $400 million of cost synergies and revenue synergies, we feel very confident that we're going to be on path to achieve that 15% to 20% free cash flow per share return. As a matter of fact, the acquisition of Vivint now gives us a little bit more control on achieving that. Remember, before we have tremendous financial flexibility, and we generate excess cash will be on what the traditional NRG needed, that we have used to reduce the denominator. The one variable that we cannot control there is at the price that we can buy back our stock. Now with the Vivint engine and the opportunity to create this $400 million of incremental value, we just increased the tools that we have to increase the numerator. And put more in control the achievement of this $12.50 that we have laid out for 2025. So I feel very comfortable that with what we laid out today and in previous calls that we are on track to achieving that $12.50 a share by 2025.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. So -- yeah, clearly 15% to 20%. And more to the point, as you think about layering on additional assumptions rolling out potentially updated guidance with this Analyst Day. Any initial thoughts on what else can be done with the Vivint platform to continue to grow it. I'll note that the commentary here at the outset is really focused on synergies. You talked about revenue and growth here in the first couple of years, how do you think about compounding that beyond the 2025 period that you're providing here today? Maybe any initial thoughts on how far you can go at this prospective Analyst Day.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. Well, the first thing that I will say is when I think about the Vivint business, there are three big leverages that we're going to be focused on, the Vivint business was high, had high leverage. It has a high acquisition cost and there was also an opportunity on the consumer financing. So these are three specific buckets that we're focused on optimizing. And for me, it creates an opportunity for value creation. Now right now, we're focused on optimizing the 7.5 million net worth customers that we have. We have opened the lines of communication across our sales channels we're going to continue to optimize them. We're going to -- we have introduced bundling. We now are doing cross-sell between our call centers and our digital assets. We are testing in the market bundle. So that is the focus right now. When I think about 2025 and beyond, it's really about how do we bring the energy experience that we currently have with the smart home experience that we have and we create a best-in-class product for customers that is going to drive the growth on 2025 and beyond. This is something that we're going to be talking more about on our Investor Day on how this vision comes together with the two offerings that we have one in energy, one in a smart home. So we will make it more tangible and real for all our investors at the upcoming investor.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Wonderful. All right. I’ll leave it there. Thank you guys very much. Have a great day.
Mauricio Gutierrezk: Thank you, Julie.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn it back to Mauricio for closing comments.
Mauricio Gutierrezk: Okay. Well, thank you. Thank you for your interest in NRG. I look forward to hosting all of you in our upcoming Investor Day that we should have in early summer where we're going to be talking about the smart home strategy. We're going to provide additional details on our growth plan and provide you more transparency on our key performance indicators that will help you better model the business. So with that, I want to thank you for your interest and look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy Inc. Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Josh. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts.  Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements which are based upon assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law.  In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this morning by Alberto Fornaro, Chief Financial Officer. And also on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Home, Rob Gaudette, Head of Business and Market Officer; and Chris Moser, our Head of Competitive Markets and Policy.  Starting on Slide 4 with our key messages for today's presentation. We have made significant progress in advancing our strategic priorities in 2022. And while our financial results were lower than expected, our business is well positioned in 2023.  Today, we are reaffirming our 2023 financial guidance ranges. The Vivint Smart Home acquisition is on track to close by the end of the first quarter. Today, we are providing further disclosures around revenue synergies to ensure you have additional tools to properly value the transaction.  Finally, the core of NRG is strong, supported by favorable fundamentals. The acquisition of Vivint enhances our ability to achieve our free cash flow before growth per share targets.  Now turning to Slide 5 for the financial and operational results of 2022. Beginning with our scorecard for the year, we executed well across our strategic priorities. We delivered our second consecutive year of record safety performance. For me, it always starts and ends with the wellbeing of our people. I want to thank everyone at NRG for staying focused during a challenging year.  Our retail group took deliberate actions to manage price volatility and delivered record customer retention and extended the average term of a new customer to 2 years. Also, our bad debt remained below historical levels despite higher inflation and tightening financial conditions. Our plant operations performance was below expectations, primarily impacted by the outage at [indiscernible] Paris right before the summer.  We are taking additional steps to strengthen our supply and mitigate operational risk during specific conditions.  The direct energy integration is nearing completion and on track to deliver our run rate synergy targets in 2023. We executed on our test and learn program during the year, which culminated in the announcement of the Vivint Smart Home acquisition. We also continue our portfolio optimization with 2 gigawatts of coal retirements and asset sales.  Finally, on capital allocation, we executed $645 million of share repurchases out of the $1 billion program. We will execute the remaining amount when cash is available and when we have full visibility to achieve our targeted credit metrics.  We also increased our dividend by 8%. Since it was reestablished in 2020, we have raised our dividend more than 25% and returned almost $1 billion to shareholders this way. I view our dividend as an integral part of our return on capital policy.  Moving to financial results. We delivered $435 million of adjusted EBITDA in the fourth quarter bringing our 2022 full year result to $1.754 billion, below expectations. For the fourth quarter, we highlighted in our last earnings call that reaching the bottom end of the financial guidance included a little over $100 million of optimization opportunities. Specifically, making our natural gas units available to capture value during periods of high power prices.  This opportunity did not materialize as mild weather during the quarter, the power price is much lower than expected. We were also impacted by winter storm Elliott in late December primarily from PJM capacity performance payments, where we risk adjusted downward our bonus payments pending additional information from PJM. Alberto will provide more information on our financial results.  Turning to Slide 6, our 2023 outlook. We are reaffirming our 2023 financial guidance. We see improving fundamentals in our business, including more stable supply costs driven by lower natural gas prices, less supply chain issues for coal and chemicals, more favorable retail market conditions in the East and economic resilience in our customer base.  In the East, we see opportunity for customer growth given rising rates from public utilities, enabling competitive retailers to demonstrate the value of our services to customers on an equal playing field.  In Texas, the Public Utility Commission proposed market design improvements that will result in more dispatchable generation and greater reliability of the aircraft grid. I want to commend the Texas Governor's office, legislature, and for taking swift action to enhance grid resilience while ensuring the integrity of the competitive market.  Also, retail competition will open in , Texas in the fall, a city with more than 100,000 electric customers. We look forward to having the opportunity to earn and serve customers in that area later this year.  In 2023, we will continue executing on our strategic priorities focusing on strengthening our core business while growing ideation products and services, as you can see on the right-hand side of the slide. We continue our focus on optimizing our portfolio to better serve our customers. To that effect, we are targeting $500 million in net cash proceeds from asset sales by the end of the year.  Having completed our test and learn phase in 2022, we are now focused on the next phase of our strategic road map, growing the business. This includes completing the direct energy integration and increasing the number of customers that purchase multiple products from us.  Today, we have sold more than 1 product to 15% of our customers. We are making good progress on cross-selling and will provide additional disclosures as we integrate Vivint. To support this growth, we will continue to strengthen our power supply by expanding our capital-light PPA program for renewables to dispatchable generation at some of our existing sites.  Finally, we are on track to close dividend in the first quarter with all regulatory approvals received and no shareholder required. We expect to close financing soon and have begun day one integration efforts.  I want to provide additional insights on how Vivint enhances our core energy platform and brings additional capabilities at scale on Slide 7. Vivint is a leader in smart home solutions with nearly 2 million highly engaged customers with an average life of 9 years. Their system brings together automation, security and residential solar under a single proprietary technology and data platform. This business is highly complementary to our core energy offering. We will use their smart home ecosystem to connect all our currently isolated products and services, including green power, batteries, EVs and other products into a seamless experience that is highly engaging and personalized.  This engagement will provide tremendous insights into pricing, customer experience, a new solutions that create greater brand loyalty and longer average customer lifetime. As we leverage the smart home ecosystem, we expect to optimize energy demand inside the home, providing valuable services to the wholesale markets.  In other words, NRG will be the bridge between the home and energy markets with a unique ability to optimize and monetize value between the two. Vivint will also complement our existing energy product offerings and sales channels by adding home automation, security and residential solar at scale including a proven acquisition engine with a solid track record of growth and nearly 2 million customers.  On the right-hand side of the slide is the virtuous cycle that we have discussed in the past. By leveraging our existing platform, we can access meaningful cost synergies. This economic advantage, coupled with better insights and more personalization, resulting in a better experience for our customers. All of this translates into a deeper understanding of how consumers interact with their homes, additional margin and better retention on our core products and then the cycle repeats as we grow, creating a more valuable business.  Now I want to disclose the value of opportunities that this combination represents on Slide 8. We have identified 3 main areas of value, growing and optimizing our network of customers, leveraging the platform to achieve cost synergies and improving the value of our core energy customers.  With respect to the growth opportunity, we are targeting $300 million of incremental free cash flow before growth by 2025. We are encouraged by the preliminary work we have done on both sets of customers and look forward to fully optimize once the transaction closes.  As you can see on the left-hand side of the slide, there is some overlap in our core energy markets, but it's relatively small. This is important because Vivint already has teams ready to be deployed in our core energy markets and because the addressable market opportunity for new customers will be even greater.  We expect to achieve this growth target in several ways as we target Tier 1 customers which we define as single-family homeowners with high credit scores within select urban areas. We will focus on 2 immediate and actionable opportunities. One, cross-selling existing products into our combined customer network of 7.5 million customers; two, selling bundle offers to new customers outside of our network representing 15 million potential households.  In addition, we will grow dividends organically in line with historical levels. These opportunities will be enhanced by optimizing our combined sales channels and best practices, leveraging the strength of both NRG and Vivint.  The capital required to achieve this growth is expected to range $500 million to $600 million over the next 3 years.  For gross synergies, we have identified $100 million to be achieved by 2025, primarily from combining 2 public companies. For these, we expect $160 million of onetime cost to achieve.  Finally, on our existing core energy customers, cross-selling means we can have direct access to our customers in the East and the opportunity to expand margin and extend customer lifetime value. In total, we see a $400 million opportunity by '25 and a larger opportunity beyond given the size of the smart home addressable market.  I am confident in our ability to deliver these targets as we have a strong history of integration and synergy achievement. Just to remind you, since 2016, we have achieved significant value on integration synergies, cost reductions and enhancement programs. This effort will be led by the same team as the transformation plan and direct energy integration. I look forward to providing you a more comprehensive update later this year during our Investor Day.  Now turning to Slide 9. We want to give you an update on our pro forma outlook and how the dividend transaction supports our growth targets. On the left-hand side of the slide is a free cash flow before growth pro forma walk from 2023 to 2025, including the expected growth contribution from Vivint that we just discussed on the previous slide.  This illustrates the earnings power of the company and will be further unpacked once the transaction is closed. On the right-hand side of the slide is the expected capital allocation through 2025. As you can see, the combined platform provides the financial flexibility to have a balanced approach between growth and return of capital while maintaining a strong balance sheet.  The acquisition of Vivint and more specifically, the growth opportunity that it represents will better support our per share growth targets while materially high-grading our earnings quality and customer lifetime value. So with that, I will pass it over to Alberto for the financial review.
Alberto Fornaro: Thank you, Mauricio. I will now turn to Slide 11 for a review of 2022 results. During our third quarter call, we stated that higher profitability in the fourth quarter would enable us to deliver an adjusted EBITDA at the bottom of our 2022 full year guidance range. To realize this, we mentioned that the higher profitability was partly related to insurance proceeds for Limestone Unit 1 and Paris [indiscernible], additional synergies and other cost reductions and the remaining from the opportunity to generate additional gross margin from the planned utilization of our gas fleet.  Our forecasting process is based on forward market curves and at the time, the forward curves included higher power prices for the fourth quarter which would make the planned utilization of the gas fleet economical. Unfortunately, prices in the fourth quarter fell significantly below short of expectation.  On peak prices in Texas were 45% below expectation, resulting in lower profitability from our generation fleet. Near the end of December, winter storm Elliott brought sharp reduction in temperature for a short time, December 20-24. During the storm, flood surge was faster and significantly higher at the upper level of the expected range in both ERCOT and PJM for several hours. This drove spikes in power prices.  Our gas generation fleet in Texas, which was largely unutilized in the fourth quarter was called in to action. Given the significant gap between actual and expected load, the fleet was unable to completely match the additional demand. As a result, we portrayed additional power in the market at higher prices.  In the East, higher load led to a PJM reliability core for our units without any notice. Several of our larger units were reserved started the event and have longer startup times, which led to capacity performance, a negative impact given the lack of notice.  The lower-than-expected prices at the beginning of the quarter coupled with the impact of the winter storm drove unfavorable variances to our EBITDA expectation. The fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $435 million was below our implied guidance by $196 million. We estimated that the lower prices experienced for most of Q4 reduced the expected contribution of our gas generation by approximately $115 million. We also estimated a winter storm Elliott caused approximately $80 million in negative impact. This was primarily a result of the net impact of capacity performance in PJM as well as increased power purchases in ERCOT that were partially offset by an expected capacity performance bonds for the [indiscernible] plant.  When we look at the full year adjusted EBITDA of $1.754 billion, fell short of the midpoint of guidance at the beginning of 2022 by $346 million. There were 2 main drivers that impacted this result. First, the extended outage at Parish [indiscernible] with $220 million of lost margin that was partially offset by business interruption proceeds of $52 million; and second, the estimated $80 million impact of winter storm Elliott.  There was also an incremental $44 million of pension expenses resulting from reduced prices of financial assets in the second half of the year and some increased O&M expenses. Additional drivers include $15 million of reduced earnings for the divestiture of Watson and $16 million of growth expenses.  In 2022, free cash flow before growth came in at $568 million, with the deficit to our third quarter guidance driven primarily by the shortfall in EBITDA and two working capital drivers. First, that the insurance proceeds for Parish and Limestone that were forecasted for 2022 were accrued in the fourth quarter but received in January 2023, resulting at the end of the year in a $100 million increase in receivables.  Second working capital as an additional negative impact due to falling gas prices in the quarter which more rapidly impacted the account payables than the account received. Turning our attention to 2023, we are reaffirming our full year guidance for both adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. Before we review the 2023 cash available for allocation, I would like to provide updates with winter storm Yuri and direct energy synergies.  The 2021 net impact of winter storm Yuri was $380 million. During 2022, we were able to increase mitigant proceeds and reduced the total net cost to approximately $259 million. For future years, there will still be some cost recoveries associated with Yuri, but within the amount to be immaterial, and we will no longer update to these fees.  For direct energy synergies, we achieved a total of $84 million of additional synergies in 2022 with the related integration cost of $74 million bringing the total synergy achieved from the acquisition to $259 million. We are confident that we can achieve the remaining synergies, which are related to specific projects that will be completed in 2023. Therefore, we will no longer provide quarterly updates on our direct energy synergy process -- progress, but we will provide a final summary at year-end.  Now turning to Slide 12 for a brief update on our 2023 capital allocation. Moving left to right, with blue shading indicating updates. Excess cash from 2022 is equal to $40 million at year-end, plus $209 million in proceeds from the sales of Astoria which totals $249 million in the bottom left.  Next, for Vivint, we continue to utilize its 2022 pro forma full year figures provided in our December call. Full year free cash flow below growth of $1.73 billion includes energy stand-alone guidance of $1.62 billion plus pro forma $110 million for EBIT. This includes the expected impact from debt financing. In addition, we included a $300 million of cash available from Vivint.  Next [indiscernible], we are targeting $500 million of leverage neutral net inflow from asset sales. The next investments are higher by $29 million following early realization of previously included winter storm Yuri [indiscernible] in 2022. Now moving to the far right bar, we expect a total of $434 million available for future allocation. This will fund the remaining share repurchase program upon full visibility of the achieving of our 2023 target credit metrics, which are detailed on the next slide.  Now quickly turning to Slide 13. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet. This slide has not changed since our last update. We are focused on achieving 2023 target credit metrics and investment grade credit metrics by late 2025 to 2026 through both debt reduction and growth. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. On Slide 15, I want to briefly outline our 2023 priorities and expectations. First and foremost is delivering on our core energy business goals. We will continue to strengthen our integrated platform and further optimize our portfolio. Second, we are focused on closing the dividend acquisition, integrating the business and delivering on our synergy commitments. Finally, we will stay disciplined on our capital allocation plan as we execute on our strategic priorities.  I am excited about this next phase of our evolution and look forward to providing you a comprehensive update at our Investor Day later this year. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Josh, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Listen, I wanted to talk to you guys about the '25 outlook and just clarify this. As it pertains to the original conversation around, call it, $12.50 a share of , is this an implicit increase in expectations or roughly in the same ballpark? As I look at sort of what's implied on the numerator and denominator, seems like there could be a slight increase there. I just want to come back and clarify that as best you guys see it. And I have a quick follow-up.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean let me see if I understand the question. The pro forma that we show here could source in line with the free cash flow before growth targets that we provided you at Investor Day of 15% to 20%. So as you mentioned, what Vivint does is complements our share buyback and capital allocation program with a very attractive growth engine that we articulated in the call today.  Now, the Vivint transaction, I'm expecting that it's going to produce $400 million of free cash flow before growth, on top of the 2023 pro forma or guidance for NRG. So when I think about the 2025 pro forma, I will say that I'm very comfortable with the energy pro forma now that we have communicated the contribution of dividend, I will tell you that we have pretty good line of sight to deliver on that commitment of 15% to 20% growth.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And just clarifying this. I know you discussed an Analyst Day here, would you expect to roll that 25 forward at the time of the Analyst Day? Or could we get something sooner with the close and then considering that closed -- just super quick, if I can, we've seen some litigation out there around and what is possible, if you will, in recent days. Can you clarify how that may be impacting the process itself at this point? Just if you don't mind for a moment?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I think what you should expect is at Investor Day, we'll provide you the 5-year plan that will go beyond 2025. I think that's the right time to articulate it obviously, the close and in subsequent weeks after the close and most likely on the earnings call, we will provide additional clarity in 2023 with respect to event, right? So with respect to the litigation that you're mentioning on the , we actually have looked at that, evaluated it, and we see very little risk in terms of closing the transaction. So keep in mind that this is not only for our industry, this is for all SPAC across all industry. And I see this more as just a clean of process than anything else. So the risk of impacting the closing of the transaction, I would say, is minimal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport.
Angie Storozynski: So maybe first on the '23 guidance. I mean it seems like it's a pretty good setup for the year. I mean power prices have fallen, you should have an advantage with gaining market share on the retail side, especially in the East, given the collapse in power prices and natural gas prices, there's been an improvement in working capital, there is the cost to replace the power for the WA Parish outage should have come down, and yet you kept the guidance range. So what's the offset to these positive drivers?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, Angie, I mean I'm glad that you went down the list because when I think about 2023, I would say that it's more conservative than we have did in 2022. Not only from what we control. So if you think about the characteristics of our plans, the assumptions that we use in our forecast are more conservative we have also -- remember now this is the second year that we have increased maintenance CapEx around our plans. So we expect greater reliability on them. And there is a lot of tailwinds on our guidance.  You already mentioned the dynamics in the East where prices for the default service utility providers are much higher, and I think we're going to have a great opportunity to gain market share. With the falling gas prices, that creates really good environment for us for managing our retail margin. So all of this is positive.  Now, let's just -- it's only February, right? So I want to make sure that we see at least a couple of months, and we have greater visibility on the rest of the year before we can provide you additional adjustments. But I think it's fair to say that I feel very confident that we can achieve our guidance and perhaps we are hearing on the conservative side with the number. But I think it is -- I think it's prudent given the type of volatility and extreme weather that we have seen in the past couple of years.
Angie Storozynski: That's good, especially after this whole year. Okay. And then on the PJM capacity penalties. So it's my understanding that the disclosures that the generation companies were provided by PJM on Slide 8 only talked about penalties. So any sort of bonus capacity payments haven't been disclosed or calculated. So I know that, that's a '22 issue. But just talk to us about how you accounted for those offsets to the penalties on the capacity side.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. I'll let Alberto cover.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. No, I mean it is -- from the penalty side, it is relatively simple because we have considered based on our record, what is the potential penalties that they can [indiscernible] in to account. On the bonus side, there is a lot of variables, including potential bankruptcy that can change the amount that will be distributed. And therefore, what we have done with the limited information available, we have estimated what is the best case scenario, the worst-case scenario and we have chosen a level we are comfortable. And therefore, we have, at the end of the day, risk adjusted the bonus for -- that we could get at the end of this process.  We will know more in the in the next months, but we are comfortable with what we have done.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I think it's fair to say that penalties -- we have taken all of that into consideration and bonuses, we need more information from PJM. So we have risk adjusted down for that.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly, so when you announced the event, there was a plan to execute on share buybacks a pretty meaningful $360 million. I mean, looking at the share count, you haven't done it. I understand that there is a plan for '23 to finish that $1 billion of the share buyback allocation. So just talk to me about the timing, why it hasn't happened yet. Were you waiting for the proceeds from Astoria? Is it somewhat of a reflection of the weak free cash flow generation for '22? And again, just roughly about when we should expect those buybacks to happen.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, I mean that's correct. So my expectation is that it will happen this year and obviously being very consistent with our capital allocation principles, we want to focus first on achieving our credit metrics and then we will -- once we have the visibility in terms of achieving that and obviously, as we get cash proceeds in the door throughout the year, we will be executing on the share repurchases. So my commitment to everybody is that we will execute them, but we need to have first assurance is that we have -- that we meet our commitment on credit metrics and that we have the cash available. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Angie Storozynski: So it's not like the fact that you deferred the buyback -- it's in no way does that reduce the amount of financing that you will need to raise for the Vivint transaction.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: I was wondering if you could elaborate on what assets might be considered for sale and what the potential timing might look like in terms of executing any processes related to that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, David. So as you know, we actually have been optimizing our portfolio for a number of years. I think we have a pretty good track record on doing that. And the way I think about it is you have core assets and non-core assets, right? So core assets are whatever helps us best serve our customers. And if there is an asset that doesn't do that function, then it becomes a non-core asset, and we'll look at monetizing that.  There is a second set of things that -- if there is an asset that is more valuable in somebody else's business, we will definitely take a look at that and evaluate all the options. So what I can tell you is, this is an ongoing process. We sold and monetized some assets last year. We're going to do that. What I wanted today was to provide you more specificity around the amount that we are targeting and that this will be executed throughout 2023. In terms of timing, obviously, these will require 2 people coming to an agreement and -- but we will be updating you as soon as we have available information.
David Arcaro: Okay. That's helpful. And then I was wondering if you could speak a bit to just fleet reliability and resilience here. Wondering -- just if you could talk to the strategy to improve the risk profile of the business during extreme heat and cold events. Are there further investments that you could make in your fleet to improve their resilience or more you could do to beef up the supply side of the equation?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, David. So when you think about the reliability and resiliency, I actually -- if you take a step back, and you think about our supply strategy to serve our retail loan, I think about it in 3 big buckets. The first one is the generation that we own, the second one is medium-term PPAs and then the third one is obviously, you complement that with market purchases.  Today, we are roughly 50% of the megawatts that we serve, we supply with our own generation, 50% with third-party either tools or purchases. So what we have done on the -- on our own generation is twofold. Number one, we have been a little bit more conservative when we run our forecast and what we use to hedge our node in terms of plan characteristics and that gives us a little bit more push on so we're self-insuring.  The second thing is we have actually invested additional maintenance CapEx to increase the reliability on the units, specifically in areas where we have seen issues during scarcity conditions. So those 2 things really mitigate what I described as the operational risk on our units.  The other tool, we actually trade these operational risk or counterparty risk, credit risk. So while it's perhaps more firmer in terms of the megawatts, it also -- we have to monitor the health of the entities that we're transacting with. So what I like about this approach is that we're diversifying our risk that is not a all-generation, all-operational risk. So we actually diversify the risk. And this one was one of the big lessons during winter storm Yuri. So I feel very comfortable the risk adjustment that we have made.  And then lastly, in terms of hedging our loans, we are being a little bit more conservative. So we're leaning perhaps longer than we have done in the past and to make sure that we manage some of the scarcity periods where we see higher load. But obviously, you cannot derisk completely the business because it would be cost prohibitive. So we've been very, very intentional and very thoughtful about.
Operator: Our final question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: I appreciate the time. Just a question on the 2023 kind of base pre-Vivint, what are you assuming in there, I guess, obviously, you're expecting a big recovery from '22 and some of the issues, just but what are you assuming in there for outages, any lingering outages and then the related insurance money? And then also are you including any asset sale gains or losses in the guidance for '23? I think you've sold Astoria already at a decent price. Can you talk about that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So we already sold Astoria. And let me just give you my view on the 2023 guidance, which I started talking to and about it, and then I'll pass it on to Alberto to tell you exactly what's the amount. But the way to think about the 2023 speed is more conservative forecast that we have done in the past, both from an operational productivities of the power plants, how we're managing our retail load but also because of the dynamics that existed in 2022 that don't exist today, like if you remember, we have the supply chain issues on coal and chemicals. That has abated for the most part.  We are falling to stable natural gas prices now that allows us to better manage our retail margins. We have an environment in the East where we feel very comfortable that we can gain market share on our retail business. So I think in general, I would say that 2023 is a lot more conservative. The guidance is right on top of what we provided to you back at the Investor Day when you adjust for asset sales which we provided you the bridge back then. So actually, in the Investor Day deck, you have the ins and outs, given the portfolio optimization that we have done. And we're literally on top of where we should have been so -- 2 things. One, I feel very confident that this is in line with what we provided you. And two, that is taking -- we're taking a little bit more of our conservative approach in so the number.  Obviously, we will update you throughout the year. But just keep in mind that we're just at the beginning of the year. But I don't know if there is anything else that we need to add.
Steven Fleishman: I mean Parish, part, like outage cost insurance and asset sales. Could you identify what's in the guidance for those?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So in the guidance, obviously, we have the Parish that is not in the first half of the year because it's on average. What I will tell you in Parish and I think that's probably the largest risk. The progress that we have made is pretty significant. As a matter of fact, I think just last week, we've had the generator now on site and has been listed and put in the deck. So we're making really, really good progress on what I'm seeing today, I'm confident that we will come back on time.  Obviously, the commercial team is monitoring very closely that with the plan. If there is any delays or there is any acceleration that we either mitigate the risk in the market or that we take advantage if it comes in earlier. But in fact, that it's already embedded in guidance but Alberto?
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. And just to be a little bit more specific, Steve, regarding Parish outage, we said that there is no impact in 2023. And the reason is because of the impact of the availability of the plant was matched by business insurance. We have received a little bit more than the business insurance in 2022. However, we are recalculating the margin. And net-net, it's still completely hedged by -- the loss margin is hedged by what we're going to receive as insurance, and therefore, no change compared to the prior scenario, which was in the third quarter when we provided the guidance.
Steven Fleishman: And then asset sales?
Alberto Fornaro: The upsell, we have factored Astoria basically which happened in January. And we are -- for the moment, until there are news, obviously, we are not adjusting.
Mauricio Gutierrez: But it's already -- Astoria, it has already been taken into consideration.
Alberto Fornaro: Astoria has been considered because it was a -- should have happened at the end of 2022. It happened just a few days after '23 and we took it into consideration in our guidance.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And how much is that?
Alberto Fornaro: It's fairly small at the full impact. Consider that we have a tool for the remaining short period. So it's very, very small.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Great. Appreciate it. So it's really the core business, yes.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mauricio Gutierrez for any closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. Thank you for your interest in NRG, and I look forward to updating you once we close the transaction on Vivint. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Katherine. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy’s third quarter 2022 earnings call. This morning’s call will be 45 minutes in length and being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcast. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today’s presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures, please see the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Please refer to today’s presentation. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG’s President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone and thank you for your interest in NRG. I am joined this morning by Alberto Fornaro, Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Home; Rob Gaudette, Head of Business and Market Operations; and Chris Moser, our Head of Competitive Markets and Policy. I’d like to start with the three key messages for today’s presentation on Slide 4. We are narrowing our 2022 EBITDA guidance to the bottom end of the range, as we indicated on our last earnings call and we are initiating 2023 financial guidance in line with our Investor Day plan. We continue to make good progress on our strategic priorities and have now completed the initial phase of our test and learn program. The insights that we have gained from this process will inform our next phase of growing from our core energy business into adjacent essential home services. Finally, as I committed to you, we are announcing our 2023 capital allocation plan, which includes an incremental $600 million share repurchase program, consistent with our long-term capital allocation principles. Our business performed well during the third quarter, which was characterized by extreme price volatility and record load in our key Texas market. I am very proud of our team which once again achieved another quarter of top decile safety performance despite these challenging market conditions. As you can see on Slide 5, we delivered $452 million of adjusted EBITDA entirety of the change compared to last year was previously identified with 60% coming from asset sales and transitory impacts and 40% from the unplanned outage at our W.A. Parish facility. With these results, we are narrowing our 2022 EBITDA guidance to the bottom end of the range. Alberto will provide additional details in his section. We also made good progress on all our key strategic priorities. We have now achieved our direct energy synergy target for 2022 and remain on track to achieve the full run-rate of $300 million by next year. We continue to optimize our generation portfolio by retiring uneconomic fossil fuel plants, monetizing non-core assets and partnering for brownfield development. As part of this effort, we are selling the Astoria side for approximately $200 million in net cash proceeds. On our growth program, we continue to focus on cross-selling power and gas to our existing customer network. And with respect to our test and learn program, we have gained significant insights and are ready to start executing on our plan. I will discuss in greater detail later in the presentation. We also have made good progress on our $1 billion share repurchase program for 2022 with $603 million completed to-date and $397 million yet to be completed. Finally, today, we are introducing 2023 financial guidance of $2.27 billion to $2.47 billion of adjusted EBITDA and $1.52 billion to $1.72 billion of free cash flow before growth in line with our Investor Day outlook. As I mentioned to you, weather conditions in Texas were extreme this past summer, with ERCOT surpassing the old peak demand record 39x driven by record heating the early part of the summer and a strong Texas economy. As you can see on the bottom left of the Slide 6, power price expectations, which are shown in the light blue bars were as wide as I have ever seen them. This volatility was the result of record low, coupled with uncertainty around production from non-dispatchable renewable generation. Importantly, it took record sustained hit coupled with low renewable production to materialize into the high real-time power prices we experienced in May and July. It is worth pointing out that even during these scarcity periods, we never triggered an emergency event, not even once. This is a testament that the Texas grid is strong and working as intended with enough capacity to meet current and future demand. Turning to the right hand side of the slide, we continue to see strong demand from our customers with no notable increase in bad debt levels. Retention has also remained strong, driven in part by our unmatched insights to pricing and customer preference, which enables us to navigate periods of high price and high volatility. We have also been successful in extending the average term of a new Texas customer contract to 2 years. This extension is good for both our customers and our shareholders, given it adds stability and predictability to customer bills and our earnings. On the supply side, our generation portfolio performed well during the summer while the team managed the impact of the W.A. Parish Unit 8 outage. We were able to expand our maintenance program ahead of the summer, which resulted in better operational performance. Looking ahead, and as I discussed in our last call, we will increase maintenance capital in our plants, given higher power prices. Now I’d like to spend some time talking about our ongoing efforts in moving closer to the customer. We introduced the diagram on Slide 7 during our Investor Day to capture our vision of the smart home. As you can see from the table on the right, we have made substantial progress in laying the foundation to execute on our vision to become the leading provider of essential services at home. During the year, we evaluated over a dozen adjacent offerings and engaged in multiple partnership pilots for EVs on solar and other home services. By starting small, it allowed us to stay nimble, while gathering critical market intelligence to inform how we approach these new customer offerings. The result of these programs helps validate our assumptions and provides confidence in how to execute our customer-centric strategy. Now, let me put a finer point on our key findings on Slide 8. First, the Internet of Things is here and is enabling the smart home opportunity. People are connecting new devices everyday with an average of 25 devices per home. This number has more than doubled since 2019 and continues to grow rapidly, resulting in multiple interfaces that don’t necessarily interact with each other. Customers want simple, connected and customized experiences. It is clear that a single interface for the home is of increasing importance and customer attitudes around these services are shifting from nice to have to need to have. Next, the electrification of the economy through smart technology and clean energy choices is real. We are seeing an increasing number of devices and appliances connected like HVAC, water heaters, battery, rooftop solar, and other, in addition to having greater penetration of electric vehicles. Finally, customers are demanding access to cleaner, affordable and more resilient solutions. This is in part driven by a desire to be a part of a more sustainable future, reinforced by a need for resiliency in the face of more extreme weather. And importantly, this has been accelerated by advancements in technology and policy. With this integrated ecosystem at home, there is a significant value opportunity as you can see on the right hand side of the slide. For NRG, we can offer adjacent products and services that leverages our existing energy operating platform, allowing us to access cost savings and provide superior customer experience. This advantage means broader insights into how customers interact with their homes, which translates into additional margin opportunities and increased brand loyalty. Now turning to Slide 9, in 2023, we will increase efforts to grow our bundled expansion products and services through a mix of existing offerings, strategic partnerships and vertical integration. All of them aimed at making NRG the leading provider of essential services at home. We are also providing our capital allocation plan for 2023, which is in line with our long-term capital allocation principles. Our plan is to return 50% of our capital available for allocation to our shareholders with an incremental $600 million share repurchase program and an 8% increase in our annual dividend. For the remaining 50%, we are allocating $331 million to identify growth investments and reserving $620 million to be deployed throughout the year to the highest return opportunity between growth and share repurchases. So with that, I will pass it over to Alberto for the financial review.
Alberto Fornaro: Thank you, Mauricio. I will now turn to Slide 11 for a review of the third quarter results. Energy delivered $452 million in adjusted EBITDA, a $350 million decline versus prior year. Similar to our Q2 results, this year-over-year decline was the result of previously announced variances. As shown in the chart on the bottom left side of the slide, €190 million of the decline was from asset sales and retirements, plus the transitory items included in our initial guidance. The remaining $125 million variance is almost entirely due to the replacement power costs related to the unplanned Parish Unit 8 outage and maintenance expenses in the same unit for which we expect reimbursement from the property insurance company in Q4 of this year. Texas adjusted EBITDA declined $263 million compared to the third quarter of last year. July was the second hottest month of record dating back to 1895 which drove extreme price volatility and higher load. This amplified the financial impact of the unplanned outage given the need to replace this power with a mix of higher cost internal generation and market purchases to satisfy the weather-driven increase in demand. Q3 results in Texas were also impacted by higher operating costs in the form of increased maintenance expense. Approximately half of the increase was for work at W.A. Parish Unit 8 that will be reimbursed by insurance in Q4 and the remaining increase from our maintenance program that helped insurers’ strong reliability of the rest of the fleet through a volatile summer. Turning to the East, West & other segment, the year-over-year decline of €52 million was primarily driven by the reduction from previously announced asset sales and retirement and supply chain constraints. Now after taking those items into account, adjusted EBITDA increased by $111 million compared to Q3 2021 from increased revenue rate, natural gas optimization and operations at Cato [ph]. Briefly referencing year-to-date results, Energy has delivered adjusted EBITDA of $1.39 billion, a $671 million decline versus prior year. The drivers of our year-to-date results are similar to that of the quarter with permanent and transitory items, the unplanned outage of W.A. Parish Unit 8 and increased maintenance expenses driving the decline versus prior year. The free cash flow before growth for both Q3 and year-to-date results have been impacted by reduced year-over-year EBITDA levels, as discussed earlier, and an increase in net working capital. Working capital requirements increased progressively during the year due to higher gas and power prices and in Q3 to the combined effect of higher seasonal power receivables and natural gas inventories. We have also seen a $32 million increase year-over-year in maintenance CapEx, driven entirely by spending to repay the Limestone and the W.A. Parish Unit 8 facility. This increased spend will be recovered by year end through property insurance proceeds. Next, I want to update you on the achievement of direct energy synergies. We have achieved our full year target of $50 million during the quarter and continue to remain focused on achieving the full $300 million run-rate next year. Now moving to the full year 2022 guidance, we are narrowing our adjusted EBITDA range to $1.95 billion to $2.05 billion. In line with my previous comment of success in partially offsetting the $220 million negative impact from Parish Unit 8 and planned outage. At this time, we are at the bottom of the range. Now given the implied strong Q4 results, let me provide additional details. We are expecting over a $200 million increase versus prior year, about $100 million coming from direct energy synergies, insurance proceeds for Limestone and Parish and other general cost reduction, the remaining coming from power and natural gas optimization opportunity leading us to make our natural gas fleet fully available in Q4. Now turning to 2022 free cash flow before growth guidance, we are reducing our full year guidance range to $950 million to $1.050 billion with one-third of the reduction from the narrowing of the adjusted EBITDA guidance and two-thirds from the temporary increase in working capital from higher prices and inventories. And so as we head into the winter season, we made a conscious decision to increase our inventory levels for both natural gas and coal to provide contingency against the transportation challenges and the potential for extreme winter weather driving a $50 million reduction in the free cash flow for the year. We have captured the reversal of these higher inventory quantities in our guidance for 2023, which I will discuss later in the call. In addition to the higher inventory quantities, prices for natural gas and power have also increased since the last call, resulting in an additional value of our inventories and net receivables for approximately $140 million. which will be reversed with lower commodity prices. The combined $190 million impact of these factors result in reduced expectation for 2022 and free cash flow before group. I will now turn to Slide 12 for an update on our planned 2022 capital allocation Consistent with past practice we have highlighted change from last quarter in blue. Starting from the left, we have updated the midpoint of our free cash flow before growth guidance by $290 million, $100 million EBITDA guidance and $190 million from increases in working capital. As you know, cash generation is a key objective for energy. And our team has been focused on offsetting this negative impact. We were able to assess a significant portion of those reductions by capturing $212 million of net cash proceeds from the sale of Astoria allowing us to utilize and distribute capital consistent with our commitments. Next, we expect to capture an additional $6 million from winter store remittance related to additional recovery. Next, we continue to make progress in executing our $1 billion share repurchase program. At the end of October, we have $397 million to be completed by around year end. And finally, we have committed $100 million of operating CapEx spend related to our $2 billion growth plan, which when coupled with our investments, other investments leads to $286 million of capital available for allocation. Moving to 2023, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth guidance, we are pleased to announce that our expectation for 2023, in line with previous targets. We’re introducing strong 2023 financial guidance of $2.27 billion to $2.47 billion for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth of $1.52 billion to $1.72 billion. EBITDA guidance includes the full year impact of asset sales and other permanent banks that we captured in our guidance for 2022. Although we expect some continued impact from cold constraints, we are able to offset those and the other transitory items that impacted our 2022 guidance. I will now turn to Slide 14 for the introduction of our 2023 $1.9 billion capital allocation plan. As Mauricio mentioned, in his section, our capital allocation is directly in line with our long-standing principle and cadence of allocation. Today, we are starting the conversation by allocating 50% to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases and allocating a portion of the 50% opportunistic back to identified group, leaving 35% to be allocated throughout the year to the highest returning investments while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Now moving left to right, we start with the midpoint of our free cash flow before growth guidance range of $1.62 billion, plus $286 million of unallocated 2022 CAFA, capital available for allocation, totaling $1.9 million in capital for allocation. Next, we have allocated $220 million identified for our growth program and $111 million for other investment to fund additional investment to support the integration of Direct Energy, innovation projects and Small Book acquisition. Next, on return on capital, we are allocating $347 million to dividends, consistent with our 7% to 9% annual dividend per share growth target and announcing a new share repurchase program of $600 million to be executed immediately following the full execution of our current $1 billion program. Finally, this leaves $628 million of 2023 capital available for allocation to be allocated throughout the year. We look forward to providing you with updates to our progress throughout 2022. Back to you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. I want to provide some closing thoughts on Slide 16. We have made significant progress across all of our key priorities this year, including the direct energy integration, portfolio optimization and our test and learn program and returning capital to shareholders. I’m incredibly proud of the team’s efforts and focus over the last 24 months on executing our strategy. As we look into 2023 and beyond, we remain on track to achieve our long-term goals of high grading our earnings quality by expanding our customer lifetime value. and providing a compelling annual total return to our shareholders of 15% to 20% free cash flow before growth per share and 7% to 9% annual dividend growth. Our platform is well positioned to deliver strong and predictable results and create significant shareholder value as the leading essential home services provider. I look forward to updating you on our progress along the way. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Katherine, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, Mauricio and team, pleasure to speak here. Thank you, guys. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. I hope the parade made things okay this morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, it disrupted traffic a little bit, but there is nothing like a great celebration after that win.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely, absolutely. Well, hey, listen, I just wanted to start off strategically here. We’ve been at it for a little bit here in the transformation, power prices remained relatively higher. How do you think about this state of the generation portfolio overall, how are you thinking about and evolving your decision tree on that? Obviously, we saw a story here in the quarter. But even beyond that, how are you seeing things, whether that’s tied to or driven by IRA or otherwise here in terms of optimizing your generation portfolio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Julian. Well, so let me take a little bit of a step back because obviously, you need to look at the generation portfolio in light of our integrated retail platform, right? I mean we have said that the goal of the generation portfolio now is to help better supply and serve our customer needs. So when I think about our generation portfolio, I think about our overall supply strategy, and that is one where we have decided to diversify our supply to have some internal generation to have third-party PPAs and obviously, market purchases. All of those three things make our supply strategy. Now with respect to the generation portfolio, as you mentioned, higher power prices have led us to basically self-insure to have greater reliability because the value of each megawatt is much higher today than it was just 10 months ago with higher power prices and higher gas prices. So that’s why you’re going to see an increase in our maintenance capital because we want to make sure that we have greater reliability on our fleet. Obviously, we’re always optimizing our supply. And right now, the value that it provides for our integrated platform is very high. But if there is – there is always an opportunity to optimize that generation portfolio depending on market conditions and the opportunities that we see in the market.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Alright. Fair enough. I’ll leave it there. Let me dive if I can to the other side of this equation, and that is just the guidance and sort of the cadence of the guidance. Great. Obviously, the implied fourth quarter is reasonably elevated. And certainly, that’s despite some of the ongoing pressure points that we saw in the third quarter. Can you talk about what that implies to the cadence of results into ‘23 here? How do you think about the first half? How do you think about third quarter going forward, given the sort of evolution in your business model? Should third quarter into the future be perhaps a little bit more depressed relatively speaking? Can you just elaborate on what the implications are? Maybe that’s been an Alberto question here?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, I’ll turn to at but let me just give a little framework. I mean I think the big takeaway, I hope for everybody is that in 2023, we go back to the guidance or the outlook that we provided during our Investor Day. Our EBITDA guidance and our free cash flow guidance goes back in line with what we provided to you last year. We’re turning the page. And we’re just excited about the opportunities that we have to continue growing our business, our core energy business, but importantly, adjacent products and services. With respect to the seasonality of earnings, I think you should expect us going back to where we were perhaps in 2021. But Alberto, can you provide additional insights here.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. I think more than looking at first half versus the second half, I would say that probably you will see these two critical quarters have been the second and the third. And so you will see probably more balance and more in line, as Mauricio said, with the past and potentially even the fourth quarter that this year is higher than normal. So I would say, again, probably get back to 2021 profile is what we should expect.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Excellent. And that’s inclusive of some of these coal dynamics annualizing here in the first half and some of the outage dynamics still net-net-net ‘21 kind of profile?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean if you think about some of these coal supply issues, we were very transparent last year when we introduced them. And the team has done a tremendous job in mitigating these core supply chain issues, particularly in Texas, I mean we continue to have some things in the East, and team is just working through that. But as I mentioned to all of you when we introduced these are temporary. The call supply chain was significantly stretched because of the very rapid increase in natural gas prices. And I also said with time both coal suppliers and railroad providers scale off again their operations, and that’s what we’re seeing in our – with our key suppliers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Alright, guys. I will leave it there. Go Stros.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Go Stros. Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
James Kennedy: Hey, guys. Good morning. It’s actually James for Shar. Congrats on update, and thanks for taking the question.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning.
James Kennedy: So I guess just starting with the ‘23 capital allocation plan, what are the trigger points of the time line expectations for the balance of the uncommitted capital? Are you potentially looking at more growth as we get through the year? Or is this just simply a function of waiting to see how the business performs through the first half?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, yes, so two things. The first one is, as I committed to all of you, this year, we’re actually announcing both our earnings guidance as well as our capital allocation. If you remember in the past, we used to provide the capital allocation in the fourth quarter earnings call. So the first thing is we’re now providing these to much earlier than in the past. The second thing is always our capital allocation, we try to – the cadence happens with the cadence on when we generate cash, and this is not going to be any different. But as I said on my prepared remarks, the additional excess cash that we have available for allocation will be allocated throughout the year based on the highest return opportunity that we have. 2023, we start executing on our plan. We’re evaluating opportunities. But if these opportunities don’t yield a highest return compared to a share buyback, then we will allocate that to share buybacks, just that simple.
James Kennedy: Okay. And then I guess kind of a similar question on the growth CapEx. How should we think about the timing and shape of any EBITDA accretion as you ramp up that spend? Is it something that we get more color on in steps as we roll the coming quarters or just any color there?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, I mean, remember that as we execute on our plan, we always have three options, right? We either build them or grow organically, we partner or we buy them, we acquire something. So in the build or organic growth, there is always a lag between when you make the investment and when you receive some of those earnings. And in the – similar to the partner, and I would say the acquisition, that really accelerates earnings immediately, right? So we’re right now evaluating options and our both our business model and our go to market. The one thing that I will say is, as I think about the growth, there are some areas that – well, first of all, it’s a very narrow scope and I provided that scope in the slide that I present to you today. The second thing is there are some areas where we know that we’re not going to do it, that the business model is such that we will partner, for example, home solar. We’re not going to go into the entire value chain of home solar. We are going to partner. We have a lot of lessons learned here, and I have been very clear about that. So the pace of which the earnings are going to come in, it is really going to be dictated by how do we execute our strategy and we go to market. So it will be provided to you in the coming quarters as we start executing.
James Kennedy: Okay, I will leave it there. Thank you very much, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, James.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Your line is open.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So first, on the IRA, the Inflation Reduction Act. So I see that there is a $45 million increase in cash taxes in your ‘23 free cash flow guidance. So – and I know that we’re still waiting for the IRS to provide some more clarity on cash taxes. But can you talk in general how you see it over the next couple of years?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning. Angie, I’ll pass it to Alberto.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. First of all, Angie, let me say that the increase in the taxes – the tax payment that you see for 2023 are really due to two factors. One, we are forecasting a higher net income for the year and therefore, higher federal and state taxes. And the other piece is we got a refund for the BE on the DT side in 2022, that will not happen in 2023. And therefore, they are more or less half and of that explained increase year-over-year. We have – from the IRA, we have factored in our forecast the impact of the 1% taxes on share buybacks. However, there is no impact for the higher – for the minimum tax because at this moment, we don’t have any indication that the payment based on 2023 net income will be done in 2023. And so when we have more information regarding when this payment, if any, is due, then we will update you. In general, I would say, as we have said in the past that it’s very difficult to do forecasting based on the level of information that we have. But so far, all the indication is for relatively modest impact and also is a temporary impact that will recover after a few years. As soon as we get more details, we will be more precise.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you. And then separately, also related to the same legislation, so I am assuming that you are seeing some pickup in renewable power growth, especially in Texas and I am just wondering if that means that you should soon announce some additional PPAs again, given that the availability of specialty solar assets should increase in Texas?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. I will have Rob address that Angie.
Rob Gaudette: Hi Angie, good morning. So, when you think about the IRA, you are spot on, right. It provides clarity to the renewable developers. We are in the market all the time, right. So, it’s not – we have been kind of at this for a while. So, there is a couple of factors in here that we think about. One is availability for them to get their panels on the ground and get them installed. It’s the developers in the pipeline that they are kind of working through. And then the IRA provides them some clarity around their financing. So, what I would expect, I haven’t seen it yet, but I would expect that some of this clarity starts coming into more certainty around offers into us. And as opportunities show up, we will lock those up as they make sense for our portfolio. But you are right, the IRA should push solar, wind and battery development across all markets in the U.S.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. And particularly in Texas, when you look at the plan that ERCOT provides and what we are tracking, I mean most of the new generation is really renewable energy. So, this should help and accelerate. We have this capability pretty well. It’s a well-oiled machine. We have been executing before there was a slowdown, and our expectation is going to pick up, and we have great visibility as to when that happens and also the economics around it.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And my last question is the maintenance expense, maintenance CapEx in 2023. So, I understand that you are spending more money in light of the higher level of power prices. But is this a level that we should actually expect going forward? Is this just a one-off year with like some major maintenance something that was either pulled forward or catch up from previous years?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean I will ask Alberto to address some of it. I mean my take, remember, 2023 has two big components, right. I mean the first one is the money that goes into the Unit 8 at W.A. Parish. And then the second one, obviously, is the increase in maintenance because we want our self-insured given that every megawatt is more valuable with higher power prices. I mean that’s something that the market is going to dictate. What I will tell you is Adam incredibly proud of the team that is so near on our generation fleet during years where gas prices were very low, they tightened the belt, they adjusted the maintenance. It was the right decision because not every megawatt was as valuable as it is today. We very quickly pivoted to that. And as I mentioned, we put some capital at work before the summer that yielded really good results. And we are going to continue to do that. So – but I don’t know if there is anything else you want.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. I just would like to point you to in the appendix, there is a page in which we highlight the impact on our maintenance CapEx coming in 2022 from Limestone and Parish and also for 2023. Long story short, when you eliminate the impact of these specific CapEx that we spend, you will see that there is around $40 million to $50 million increase in the maintenance CapEx, and this is really due to the fact that Mauricio was mentioning that given the current prices, we think that it is appropriate to increase the reliability of our fleet to basically catch all the opportunity that the current price environment is offering to us.
Angie Storozynski: Alright. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey guy. Congrats on a good quarter.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Michael.
Michael Lapides: I am looking at Slide 14. And I just want to make sure I understand some of this and a little bit of this may be more nuanced. So, the growth plan, the $220 million, can you – what asset – is that for one big asset, or is it for lots of little things?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. It is a – I mean this is really to support our test and learn. So, we have identified a number of opportunities and the scope of those opportunities are actually on Slide 7, Michael. So, when you look at whether it is solar, storage, electric vehicles, energy management, protection, security, I mean the scope is really around essential services, and this is what we have been able to identify today. Obviously, we are working through the execution of our plan and we will provide updates as we – throughout the year.
Michael Lapides: So, let me just – and this might be one for Alberto. So, the $220 million in the growth plan and the $111 million and the other investments, are these all – like when I look through the three statements at this time next year, are they going to flow through CapEx or are they going to flow through cash from operating activities, meaning is it working capital, or do some of these actually weigh on EBITDA until they start generating EBITDA? Like your guidance for EBITDA would be higher if you weren’t – if you weren’t doing the spin.
Alberto Fornaro: No. Regarding – okay, regarding the other investments, these do not impact EBITDA, there outside EBITDA. When you look at the growth plans there is a series of initiatives, and we will update you about what is going to EBITDA or not. But for the moment, it’s still – as Mauricio said, it’s a series of different initiatives and depending on which one we will prioritize, it will have more CapEx impact or not.
Michael Lapides: Meaning some of the – alright, so the $111 million is all based – about $111 million is all capitalized. And the $220 million, some of it is capitalized and some of it is flowing through G&A or O&M? And therefore, I am just trying to make sure because like I am trying to think about recurring versus non-recurring impacts on EBITDA.
Alberto Fornaro: That is a very good question. And what you said is correct. The $111 million, they will not impact EBITDA, the $220 million. There are some initiatives that could have an impact on OpEx and others that have an impact on CapEx. And we will qualify that in the next quarter.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And just to put a finer point here, Michael. I mean the $220 million, and I want to highlight what could impact, right. But as we are in the process of executing and depending on how do we finalize the go-to-market will have an impact on whether it goes to CapEx and OpEx. So, that’s as they say, CBD [ph] to be determined, Michael. But we will provide that transparency as we start executing on the plan.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. Thanks guys. I will follow-up offline.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Hi. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey. Good morning David.
David Arcaro: I am wondering if you could talk a little bit to customer growth trends that you are seeing and any churn in the business? Are you still seeing kind of a flight to safety in this backdrop and this high commodity price backdrop, noticed that there was a slight decline in the total customer count versus the prior quarter? So, I am curious any information there.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Elizabeth?
Elizabeth Killinger: Yes. Thanks for the question, David. We were really pleased with our performance, the team and the engine during a really volatile third quarter. We did perform, continued to perform in third quarter as we had year-to-date better than our budget. You may recall from prior discussions, we do generally see customer attrition from large M&A, which was DE, which was very large as well as from small book acquisitions, which we have done a handful of those year-to-date. But the good news is we are performing better than expected on both DE and the customer books. From a sales engine perspective, we are – we have a very strong engine over-performance in the quarter occurred in both our face-to-face and our digital channels. And cross-serve also performed very well during the quarter, better than budget. And from a retention perspective, we also are seeing really strong performance given the backdrop of very high prices from both the cost increases associated with the power to fulfill for them as well as the higher usage during some of the weather that we experienced. So, really pleased with the attrition during the quarter and looking forward to continuing to deliver for you guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. And just – I mean the team does a fantastic job on balancing customer account and margin. And that’s what we do every day. We have tremendous insights from our customers. And as Elizabeth said, both our retention numbers and our bad debt numbers are pretty well in line, very robust and customer count is just a result of a very intentional strategy around balancing customer account and retail margins. So, I am very pleased with the team.
David Arcaro: Got it. Great. That’s helpful. Thanks. And then I was wondering if – maybe two quicker ones, but does the 2023 outlook include business interruption insurance proceeds coming in? Wondering how much of that might be in the guidance? And then maybe just a little more higher level, Mauricio, is there still more to do in terms of portfolio and real estate optimization with where the business currently stands? Is that something you will be looking at into 2023 as well?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, Alberto?
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. Regarding the business insurance proceeds, I can confirm what we said in the prior year call and basically the negative impact of Parish 8 in the first half of 2023 will be absorbed by the insurance proceeds, and we have factored in our forecast.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And with respect to the portfolio optimization, again, I mean this is something that we are looking on a continuous basis. We haven’t stopped. I mean the Astoria sale in Watson is an example of what we are doing. A couple of quarters ago, I said that we are going to move into evaluating brownfield development, both in our Midwest fleet as well as in Texas. The team has been working on looking at these opportunities. And what I will tell you is also we are looking at potential partnering opportunities because we want to make sure that we – the capital that we use is the right structure. I don’t want to create friction in the system if we don’t have to. So, both in terms of brownfield opportunities and in terms of partnering opportunities, we have been very busy, and I hope to give you a more fulsome update in the coming quarters.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. So, just for the 2022 guidance, the – I think your Texas segment is down $275 million maybe from the initial guide. How much of that is attributed to the Parish, Limestone outages net of any money you are getting back this year?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey. Good morning Steve. I will turn it to Alberto.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. And it’s almost entirely the full amount that we highlighted in $220 million, Steve. So, that’s the main, okay.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then the $175 million boost in East-West other. Could you just explain what’s driving that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Normally, Steve, we are very conservative of when we plan our gas optimization activity this year, given the fact there has been a lot of volatility, the performance has been very good in that area. And also, obviously, we are benefited so from some higher margin from prices coming from our generation fleet in the East. But normally, you will see that if we do better in the East is driven by the gas.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just as we think about the ‘23 guidance, are you assuming that, that better optimization continues or that, that…
Mauricio Gutierrez: Now, we are more established.
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. It’s always – I mean Steve, we always use market as an indication to guide us in terms of the profitability of our portfolio, right. So, if you look at the heat rates for 2023, we use market prices, market heat rates to inform our guidance.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you. And then just the $400 million – $397 million of buyback, you intend to complete that fully in the market by year-end, not when you are going to do an ASR or something or?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean our intention is to complete towards the end of the year, and that’s basically our plan right now.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then on ERCOT market structure, I mean it’s kind of gotten quiet, but I think there is a lot about to happen. So, just to the degree that they put in some kind of dispatchable market, separate market, how are you thinking about how that impacts your portfolio and how you manage that through the retail side?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, a couple of things. And I think you are absolutely right, Steve. It’s going to get really busy. I think middle of November, there is going to be a recommendation from ERCOT and the PUCT. We have been working with them alongside throughout this entire time. We provided a number of initiatives. I know that they are evaluating. At the end of the day, I think that’s also going to be informed by how the Texas grid has operated. And as I said, I mean we broke the load record 39x this summer. And not even once we went into EA1, emergency situation. So, I think the grid is, well, when I look at the pipeline, it is very robust with lots of new renewable generation, so enough to meet current demand and future demand. So, I think that’s going to inform some of it. At the end of the day, they end up with some sort of dispatchable product. We have been working really hard in terms of the brownfield opportunities on our own sites. And obviously, that will play really well for participants like us who have sites in good locations already connected to the grid. And I think that gives us a cost advantage that we intend to fully utilize and monetize.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And there is no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back to Mauricio Gutierrez, President and CEO, for closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Catherine. Well, thank you all for your interest in NRG. And I look forward to continue updating you as we move to our next phase in the company. So, thank you all for your attention.
Operator: And thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the call.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy Inc.'s Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call over to today’s speaker, Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Felicia. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's second quarter 2022 earnings call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this morning by Alberto Fornaro, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions we have Liza Killinger, Head of Home; Rob Gaudette, Head of Business and Market Operations; and Chris Moser, Head of Competitive Markets and Policy.  I'd like to start with the three key takeaways of today's presentation on Slide 4. We are maintaining our financial guidance ranges as we continue to navigate through volatile market conditions and are increasing our capital available for allocation by $140 million. We continue to make good progress in achieving our strategic growth priorities particularly on direct energy integration. And finally, our share repurchase program continues with approximately $600 million in remaining capacity to be executed this year.  Moving to the second quarter financial and operational results on Slide 5, we delivered $358 million of adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter. 70% of the difference compared to last year are items that we previously identified, including asset sales and transitory items. The remaining variance is primarily driven by the forced outage of our 610 megawatt coal unit at the W.A. Parish facility. This outage began on May 9th, and is expected to be back for summer operation next year. The unit is covered by both business interruption and property damage insurance. I am pleased to report that we once again achieved top decile safety performance for the quarter and that we published our 12th sustainability report, a testament to our commitment to transparency and accountability.  We also continued to realize strong customer retention which I will discuss in more detail shortly. We continue to make progress on our five key strategic priorities. Integrate direct energy, perfect our integrated platform by better matching retail with supply, grow our core electricity and natural gas businesses, integrate adjacent products or services that will allow us to expand margins and term from our customers, and return capital to our shareholders. I'd like to give you a quick update on those priorities. The direct energy integration is going well and we are on track to achieve our run rate synergies of $300 million by the end of 2023. In late June, we received ERCOT securitization proceeds related to Winter Storm Uri in line with our expectations. We have continued to make progress on our mitigation efforts, and now expect an additional $80 million in recovery, bringing our total mitigation efforts to 70% of the original impact. We continue to optimize our supply portfolio through monetization of the Watson Generation facility in California and retirements of fossil assets in PJM. We have also expanded our capital like PPA strategy to focus on energy storage and quick start natural gas generation. I expect PPA market conditions to improve into year-end, especially if the proposed Inflation Reduction Act is passed.  Our retail brands continue to perform well with the strong customer count, retention metrics, and an unmatched ability to generate insights on price elasticity. We remain focused on expanding our product offerings and improving our digital customer experience. I am proud that one of our flagship brands, Reliant Energy was also recognized as the best electricity company in Houston, our hometown. Last quarter, I spoke about Goal Zero, our resilience and battery storage business and the significant opportunity it represents given growing grid instability and extreme weather events. During the quarter, we launched a marketing campaign in one of its core markets, California to increase awareness for the product and brand with very strong results.  As a result of these targeted campaigns, web traffic increased 400% and the average order increased by almost a third. We continued to make progress in other areas, but remain keenly focused on pacing our investments as we navigate ongoing supply chain constraints and recessionary environment. Finally, we are maintaining our financial guidance range, but due to the impact of the W.A. Parish unit outage, we're currently trending towards the bottom end. We have been focused on taking steps like one time cost savings and incremental direct energy synergies to improve our results. Alberto will provide details on this and the additional capital available for allocation.  Turning to Slide 6 for our market review in Texas. ERCOT experienced record hit during the quarter, 32% above the 10-year average, resulting in record peak demand. However, real-time power prices were mixed versus what the forward indicated, driven primarily by the performance of renewable energy on any given day. As we look into the summer, we expect prices to remain volatile and highly dependent on renewable performance. Turning to the right-hand side of the slide, beginning with retail. We saw a strong performance through the quarter with retention 5% ahead of expectations and customer count increasing 1.2%. We also extended term length of customer offers, which enables new [ph] management and improves margin predictability. This occurred while consumers grappled with inflation, only further demonstrating the resilience of our retail brands and pricing strategy. On supply, the unplanned outage at W.A. Parish Unit 8 impacted performance. While there is an earnings recognition delayed given the time line to receive business interruption insurance proceeds, insurance is an effective tool to mitigate this risk. Beyond that, we have seen strong operational performance from our fleet due to our expanded spring outage maintenance plan and opportunistic maintenance outages, that best positions our fleet to perform through these extreme and extended summer conditions. Finally, our balanced hedging strategy that uses both own generation and third-party contracts further derisks our portfolio through optimizing operational versus counterparty risk, which are important attributes through current market conditions. Now moving to Slide 7. Just like we did last quarter on Goal Zero, today I want to focus on one area of growth that is complementary to our core offerings and presents an exciting opportunity, heating and pulling our HVAC maintenance and installation. Airtron is our Home Services HVAC company, which was acquired as part of Direct Energy. It represents a complementary offering to our existing core products as HVAC systems use the most energy of any single home appliance, responsible for up to 50% of a home energy consumption. The HVAC industry with a total U.S. addressable market of $100 billion is highly fragmented and traditionally served by local providers with limited scope and reach. In contrast, Airtron operates in nine states, which represents a $10 billion serviceable market, including Texas, where they hold leadership positions in both Houston and Dallas with a single recognizable brand and scale that is unmet. Combined with our existing consumer services platform, we can grow both within our existing customer base and through expansion into new territories, creating a significant and compelling opportunity. In the last three years, Airtron has grown revenues 11% per year to $450 million with gross margins of 30% or more. The revenues come from residential new construction, services and maintenance, as well as direct-to-consumer home replacement. Our early insights suggest that there is significant growth potential in direct-to-consumer home replacement, given energy efficiency initiatives and extreme weather that shortens the lifetime of HVAC systems. The ability to leverage our existing consumer base and sales channels to augment the direct-to-consumer growth while cross-selling with our electricity and gas customers is precisely the type of value opportunity that increases margin and retention that we highlighted during our Investor Day. I look forward to providing you updates on their progress as we integrate these solutions closer with our core energy offerings. So with that, I will pass it over to Alberto for the financial review.
Alberto Fornaro: Thank you, Mauricio. I will now turn to Slide 9 for a review of the second quarter results. NRG delivered $358 million in adjusted EBITDA, a $298 million decrease versus prior year, excluding the impact of Winter Storm Uri. As you can see in the waterfall chart, this decrease is primarily due to the previously guided impact of the 4.8 gigawatt fossil asset sales completed in December, PJM assets retirement in the second quarter, New York capacity revenue, and early settlement of demand response revenue in the second quarter of 2021. In addition, not included in our expectation where the extended unplanned outage at Parish Unit 8 and the modest amount of growth expenses.  From a regional perspective, adjusted EBITDA in Texas declined $61 million compared to the second quarter of last year. As Mauricio said in his scripted remarks, summer came early with record setting temperatures beginning in May raising both market prices and build volumes. On May 9th, a fire at the Parish facility caused an extended outage at Unit 8 and a 10-day outage at Unit center. We were therefore forced to replace the power with the combination of our more expensive out of the many generation hedges, and some opportunistic market purchase, which together impacted EBITDA by an estimated $70 million. In addition, the benefit normally associated to higher build volumes with our home and business customers, affect the impact of additional outages on our remaining Texas fleet and higher maintenance expenses recorded in the quarter. Finally, we were able to fully offset the previously disclosed transitory items, which includes the limestone outage and the ancillary costs for a total negative $61 million with some nonrecurring items of $79 million, which include an earlier-than-anticipated partial insurance reimbursement of the business interruption expenses aligned to Unit 1 and the early testament of an online PPA. Turning on the East, West, and other segments, the year-over-year decline was primarily driven by the $63 million EBITDA reduction from asset divestiture and retirement, as well as by the decline in demand response revenue associated with an early settlement in the second quarter of 2021. Next, compared to Texas where the impact of coal constraints was minimal, generation in this continues to be impacted by coal availability for a $23 million impact during the quarter. After accounting for these previously guided items, the remaining $63 million negative variance versus 2021 was driven by the combination of lower power volumes, reduced profitability at our Watson facility, which was monetized during the quarter, an intra-year timing related to C&I customer hedge monetization, which will be recovered through the second half of this year as we associated to retain hedges cycle and the balance by higher supply costs. Next, I will provide you a brief update regarding our progress in achieving Direct Energy savings and mitigating Winter Storm Uri impact. Direct Energy, incremental synergies from the beginning of the year reached $39 million. We remain on track to achieve our full year target of $50 million in 2022 and $225 million since the acquisition of Direct Energy. We also expect to improve the recovery of our 2021 losses from Winter Storm Uri. You may recall that at the end of the last year, we estimated that the final impact net recovery was going to be $380 million. During Q2, we were able to make progress in several areas where we have remaining gross losses and therefore, we have improved our estimates by $80 million, bringing the net impact to $300 million. Now let's move to the full year guidance. As Mauricio mentioned, we are maintaining our guidance range but based on the recent events, we are trending to the bottom of the guidance ranges. The full year impact from the Parish Unit 8 outage based on current prices, is estimated to be a little over $200 million. The fleet carries both business interruption insurance for lost earnings and property damage insurer to cover the cost of returning the unit to full operation. Given that the outage started at the beginning of May, the second quarter impact reflects the deductible period. As of today, we're assuming the business interruption insurance proceeds will not be collected until 2023. However, the property damage proceeds will more closely match the expenses and the maintenance CAPEX deployed throughout the time needed to restore the unit. Additionally, for free cash flow before growth, we continue to closely manage the impact to working capital from higher commodity prices, primarily in our natural gas business. To be clear, as for the transitory items disclosed at the end of last year, we have taken and we will continue to take steps aimed to improve our position. In particular, we have identified a serious opportunity in managing our costs and operating expenses, including early realization of synergies and onetime reduction of expenses. And as you know, we manage our business for cash so we have also incorporated action to improve cash generation and mitigate our net working capital increases, including through the recovery of property damage proceeds and noncore asset sales. We look forward to providing you additional updates throughout the year. I will turn now to Slide 10 for a brief update of our 2022 capital allocation. Moving left to right, the midpoint of our free cash flow before growth guidance remains unchanged at $1.290 billion. Next, we received $689 million of securitization proceeds from ERCOT related to Winter Storm Uri in late June, which net of the bill credit issued to C&I customers brings the total net inflow for 2022 to $599 million. As mentioned before, we expect to receive an incremental $80 million of cash proceeds from some additional recovery. Focusing next on change from last quarter, since mid of this year we have repurchased an additional 143 million of shares towards our $1 billion repurchase program, leaving a robust $595 million to be completed by year-end. Next, we have reduced the amount of expected other investments by the net cash proceeds of the sale of our interest in the Watson facility for $59 million. Lastly, given the additional Uri recovery and asset sales net cash proceeds, we have increased capital available for allocation by $141 million. As you see in the far right column, the total remaining capital available for allocation is $456 million, of which we have earmarked approximately $100 million to fund the initial project in our $2 billion growth plan, including the initiatives that are being launched to accelerate the growth of our Goal Zero business. The remaining $356 million will be allocated later in the year as we earn the cash. Back to you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. I want to provide some closing thoughts on Slide 13. During the quarter, we continued to make progress on all our strategic priorities. As we have done in the past, over the remainder of 2022, our team will work tirelessly to improve our results. I am confident we have built the right platform and have the right strategy to deliver strong and predictable earnings and create significant shareholder value. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Felicia, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for the time. How are you guys doing? 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah, hey. So Mauricio, I'd love to hear -- I want a couple of strategy questions to you today. As you think about this year, how do you think about the desire to continue with the generation portfolio, have the latest events pushed you towards saying maybe we should reevaluate the integrated strategy and the pivot towards retail or actually, are you even more convinced in this strategy and could we see you engaging in more contracting? And maybe to that end, could you also marry this up with some of the comments around PPA strategy you guys have been undertaking in prior periods, are you thinking about doubling down on that considering the higher energy price environment today?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Well Julien, let me start with the retail engine. I mean, as you can see on the numbers, it is incredibly, incredibly strong. Customers are in this environment, I described them as a flight to safety and obviously, Elizabeth can talk a little bit more about that. But when I think about the supply strategy, you really need to think about, okay, what is the retail that I need to serve and what is the supply that better serves that retail. It always starts with that. Now we have been in a path where we don't want to rely completely on our own generation to supply our retail. We want to make sure that we have a supply strategy that is diversified. And that was the big lesson learned from Winter Storm Uri. We don't want to have a single point of play there [ph]. So what you should expect in the future is a combination of our own generation and third-party megawatts to supply our retail loan.  Now on the generation side, obviously we are -- we always have invested in the fleet. Right now, I think the maintenance CAPEX that we have on the fleet per year is in the order of $200 million. But we have to recognize that the generation fleet has been going through a period, almost a 10-year period of very low gas prices. And our maintenance CAPEX is sized according to that, right. Not every megawatt matter in a $2 or $3 gas price environment. Now that it is resetting itself to much higher natural gas and power prices we're going to right size our maintenance CAPEX to make sure that every megawatt is available because every megawatt matters at a dollar per MMBtu. So that's the first thing that I will say on the generation side.  Now on the third-party megawatts, we actually use a combination of things. The first one is we have PPAs. We started that with wind and solar and now we have expanded that to storage and some gas peakers. And I can talk to you about the opportunities that we have within our own fleet for those gas peakers and how do we partner with other people on that. We have tolling agreements, we have bilateral physical contracts, we have financial hedges. So it is a combination of things that allow us to just have a very diverse supply strategy. Now remember, the main difference between own generation and third party is that on our own generation, we are exposed to operational risk. And on the third-party megawatts, we're exposed to counterparty risk. But the attributes of those megawatts are basically the same. It is just what type of risk you want to carry.  So as I think about in the future, the strategy of relying on third-party megawatts is completely consistent with how we see things in the future. We're seeing more wind, more solar, we're going to start seeing more storage, and we want to make sure that our supply is keeping up with the transition that we're seeing in the electric grid, right. So just relying on our generation portfolio, is not keeping up with the transition that we're seeing in the market. And that's why this combined strategy of own generation and third-party megawatts, I think, is the right strategy to better serve our load.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to clarify and boil that down to make sure I heard that essence of the last one. Are you talking about contracting out more gas peakers and could that result in new gas peakers in for instance, ERCOT here, just to make sure I'm hearing this right?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Correct. So when you think about the PPA strategy, we started with wind and solar, and this is really bringing new megawatts to the market. We provide them long-term contracts because our retail supply, our retail low, and we can actually bring these new megawatts to market because they can now finance those power plants. We're now extending that to storage, and we actually are running RFPs on storage that gives us a lot of visibility in terms of what's in the market. For now, we have expanded that to gas peaking. And the gas peaking, not only we need to -- we can rely on developers but keep in mind, we already have a lot of brownfield opportunities within our sites. And I will tell you today that we've been working over the last year and half in identifying new projects. We actually have one that is show already fully permitted. Another one is right behind it. And right now, we want to explore potential partnerships where we can bring capital from other entities, we can take the offtake and we can be also the developer since we have a long history of power plant development. So I think it can be a win-win for everybody. So we don't need to use our own capital to develop these plans and still benefit from this incremental megawatts in the grid.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And just to make sure I'm hearing you right, this would be effectively monetizing upfront the development rights that you have on your brownfield to another party that you're developing megawatts, not taking the operational risk, but ultimately enabling new assets to be developed in ERCOT.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Exactly.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Alright, excellent. I have asked you enough here, but thank you so much for elaborating on that, really critical here. Thank you. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Mauricio, as we look at sort of the balance of the year, how should we sort of think about maybe the size and shaping of the lever as you laid out to maybe help get you back to that midpoint, could sort of that synergy upside from Direct Energy health there?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean there will be a combination of things, Shar. As Alberto pointed out, I mean, we're looking at -- and we've been working on this because as part of the transitory items, we wanted to mitigate also those transitory items. So we've been working on this throughout the year. That is -- do we have the opportunity for onetime cost savings, obviously, the Direct Energy synergies, we feel very comfortable with the number, but we are now looking at spicing that and working on it. Obviously, we need to make insurance proceeds and whether we can accelerate some of these insurance proceeds, and Alberto already mentioned some of that. Look, I mean, that's not completely dependent on us, but that doesn't mean that we're going to work hard to accelerate that. And then -- so I would say that some are some of them are levered. I also want to mention that we run this business for cash. And I think the sale of Watson, it is an example of us being completely focused in monetizing the value of our portfolio. And if we can accelerate some of the divestitures of noncore assets, we're going to continue to do that, to bring cash in this year to make up for the cost of the unit insurance outage. So there is a number of things that we're doing Shar to make up for the lost earnings of the Unit 8 outage.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, perfect, that helps there. And then just lastly, I know you guys mentioned retention is exceeding your internal targets. Just is this split fairly evenly between East Texas or is it skewed? And then just curious how East has held up with a heavier C&I book? Thanks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. I'll turn it over to Elizabeth for kind of the East Texas split, but I will tell you that the -- I mean, the retail engine is really, really strong. And as I said in the previous answer, we're seeing a flight to safety and our brands are that flight to safety. So we're seeing really, really strong numbers, but Elizabeth, can you provide additional detail.
Elizabeth Killinger: Yes. Thanks for the question, Shar. We are seeing really strong retention Mauricio mentioned, 5% above expectations. That's really driven by our unmatched analytics and care capabilities. We also have a significant amount of customer and community loyalty and of course, the compelling products. From a Texas versus East, pretty consistent, maybe a slight advantage in Texas, but it's not dramatic. And we're also seeing retention better than expected from the DE acquisition. So really, our -- the strength of our platform right now, especially during the -- with the volatility in the COGS. I mean, we're so pleased with how resilient our platform is through this. And frankly, the strength of our channel, both sales and marketing channels to pivot within regions and between regions. So yes, it really is a strong platform.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect, that is super helpful. Very good color this morning guys. Thanks. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you Shar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys thank you for taking my questions. And congrats for being able to keep the guidance range during a tough operational time given the Parish outage. Just curious [Multiple Speakers] the history of Texas, shows that there are power price and heat rate blowouts that happened in an unusual time. I mean if I go back in time, you own the Reliant business because of what I thought was an April heatwave blowout that happened 12-14 years ago or so. Just curious, with Parish, one of your base load units out through the second quarter next year, can you just talk about how much gas fire generation you have under contract for next year, meaning whether it's a hedge from a gas-fired unit or whether it's a PPA or a toll from a gas-fired unit, we've seen some periods recently where some of the renewable units were running fine and then all of a sudden due to cloud cover shut down and it caused a price blowout, happened a couple of some days ago in Texas, so just trying to think about how much backup you've got from third-party fossil for the period when Parish is out?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Michael. So I think in the last earnings, I provided an indication of our hedge for 2023. And if you recall, that one had against the expected law that we have for 2023 half comes from third-party megawatts about half comes from our economic generation. And then we have an economic generation that is maintained as insurance, our own uneconomic generation. So there is a co -- it's just a lot of combination in that third-party megawatts. We have some tolling agreements with combined cycle plants. We have some heat rate options with peakers, we actually have some heat rate options with -- or actually out-of-the-money call options from the financial market. So there is a combination of tools that we have to be able to manage weather variability in any given year. Now as you mentioned, I mean, the second quarter was pretty extreme. We always plan for some weather variability but what we actually saw in the Spring and July is record-breaking heat in Texas. And while we manage for some variability, it is incredibly expensive to manage for all weather variability now. Now perhaps one of the lessons learned here is as we think about 2023 and given that we have a lot of time to plan for how to set up the portfolio for that year, I expect that we're going to buy a little bit more insurance for extreme weather than in the past. And I think that's -- I mean, that's going to be the prudent thing to do given what we're seeing in Texas. I mean the peak -- the record peak was broken by, I think, 5,000 megawatts. I mean the old peak was 75,000. Now the new peak is close to 80,000 megawatts. I mean year-over-year 7%, 8% increase. I mean, that's pretty significant. And I think we need to recognize that. Perhaps we're going to see greater weather, extreme weather events, and we need to plan for it.
Michael Lapides: Well -- and Texas is showing massive robust demand growth, way above the national average. Part of that is just residential new connect, people moving there. Part of that is [indiscernible] chem industrial demand. Part of it is probably crypto mining, which they're all kinds of dockets that are patents PCT [ph] discussing the impact of that. If we enter a sustained period where Texas load -- peak load growth is in the 3% to 5% range for a number of years, would that alter your power procurement strategy and your asset ownership strategy at all, meaning if demand comes in for a multiyear period, way above what we saw in the last three to five years?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, well, absolutely. So two things on that, if demand is growing at 3% to 4% a year, that's really good for us because if we maintain our market share, that means we're growing our retail business, and that's really, really good, and that's what we want to see. Now obviously, we need to make sure that we keep up our supply strategy with that incremental demand. And the way we're going to do it is, one, as I mentioned, I think there is an opportunity for us to bring new megawatts in some of our current sites and those would be primarily gas peaking and energy storage. And we are -- as I mentioned, we already have at least one project that is being fully permitted and is shovel-ready and now it's just a matter of what's the right partner to bring into the table. We have another one that is right behind it and is in the process of getting permitted. And I'm sure that -- and I will tell you, the team is already looking at other opportunities where we can bring storage there. So I think you're going to see us participate on that new dispatchable quick-start generation opportunity in our sites, but not necessarily with our capital. And we will be the off-taker. In addition to that, we're going to continue bringing new wind and solar and energy storage as we have done already with our current PPA. So we're looking at these in kind of these two ways, bring new megawatts that are viable [ph] cost in the form of wind, solar and perhaps storage. And bring contract also with new gas peaking dispatchable generation in our existing sites, but not necessarily with our capital.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And one last one in this probably in Elizabeth question. Just curious, over the last year or so, can you talk about what your Texas customer count has done since the Direct Energy acquisition, so January of 2021, like how much is your mass market customer count up since the Direct deal meaning if I did it apples-to-apples? And then what are you seeing on the residential level at a usage per customer basis?
Elizabeth Killinger: So from a customer count perspective, year-over-year between -- since the DE acquisitions, relatively steady, a slight decline. And as I have mentioned before on calls, from a customer count perspective, year-over-year between -- since the DE acquisition, relatively steady, a slight decline. And as I have mentioned before on calls, when we do both book acquisitions and large acquisitions, there's a bit of a settling period in the first year or two. And so we've seen that. But as I mentioned earlier, we're performing better than we expected and modeled from those acquisitions. From customer usage perspective, in the ERCOT market relatively steady, although with weather we're seeing an increase especially in this second quarter versus prior period. So we do expect customer usage to be either steady or growing with the electrification of people’s lives and communities.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. I mean, I think, Michael, you need to think about that usage in two contexts weather normalize and then weather affected. And I think what you saw in Q2 is a significant increase in usage per customer because of weather. But we're also seeing an increase in usage per customer because of the electrification of the economy, right. So you can point to electric vehicles, you can point to a lot of different things that are driving this electrification that will increase the usage per capita.
Michael Lapides: Got it, thank you guys. Much appreciated Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Seaport.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Good morning. So I wanted to change the topic just for a moment. The pending inflation bill and the benefits that your nuclear plants could get some nuclear PTCs. I'm just struggling to gauge what is the price that STP is hedged at say for the next year or two, as we're trying to calculate the delta between that and the $44 per megawatt hour that this bill would rank?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, good morning Angie. Well, I mean, so clearly, this deal could potentially be a positive for nuclear owners, including us. And as you mentioned, I mean, I think everybody is looking at, okay, what is that trigger that will allow us to get the PTCs or not. So that's a moving target. And obviously, that's a moving target with the market, right, like everybody else. So I'm not sure if I can give you that level of specificity in terms of what price is hedged because we look at it on a portfolio basis. But I mean, this is something that we'll start to -- I guess, outlined as this bill progresses and if passed, then we will need to have that level of clarity to ensure that we can support and justify the incremental PTC, but that's something to be worked on.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Okay. And then going back to the hedging of your retail book. So one thing that sort of surprised me is that, I mean, you -- when you hedge your retail book, you always have all kinds of delta hedges and options in order to protect you against unplanned outages also spikes in usage. So I would have thought that Parish was not a big component of the supply stack to start with, given coal supply constraints, and then you should have had those additional hedges, so I'm a little bit surprised that the impact is this big? And then lastly, when you show your drivers for the year, I don't see any comments about any uptick and bad debt expense and we see it at regulated utilities, so I was just wondering how you manage that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Angie. So as you mentioned, we always plan for some forced outages and some weather variability. I think the impact here is that the outage was in a pretty large coal unit close to 600 megawatts with prices where they were in the forward market starting in May. That unit is pretty deep in the money. So as you mentioned, I mean, the coal conservation that we have was really in the shorter months and perhaps in some of these shorter hours. But in the peak hours, this unit was expected to be there to help manage and supply our load. The unique situation here is both happened at the same time. We had a forced outage on a large coal unit exactly at the time when we had record-breaking heat, and that really goes outside of kind of this planning area that we look at. So this was the combination of these two very extreme conditions. And it's not like we don't plan for it, but we don't plan the intersection of both of them exactly as we're leading into the summer.  Now we use some of our uneconomic generation, and it was very effective, but this uneconomic generation that we have, some of the gas peakers, they come at a really high cost given where the natural gas price is today. So if you're at $8, $9 gas and you're deploying 12, 13 peak rate peakers, the cost of that is pretty high, although it -- us from buying the cap, for example, but it's still pretty high compared to where the cost of generation is for our coal plant. Anything to add, Alberto.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes, Angie, so regarding your question regarding -- related to bad debt expenses, we are not seeing any pickup in the bad debt expenses considered now the level of receivables is much higher, given the level of gas prices and power. So when we see percentage is absolutely in line. And even we look at late payment fees and so on, and it's pretty normal, particularly in Texas. So for the time being, we are not seeing any sign of deterioration of the quality of our receivable portfolio.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Great, thank you. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you Angie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Yeah hi, good morning everyone. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning Steve.
Steven Fleishman: Hey Mauricio. The -- you mentioned increasing the maintenance CAPEX on the fleet from the $200 million, how much higher might that go going forward.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean we're a value -- yes, Steve I mean we're going to evaluate these. But obviously, if your plants are a lot more profitable than they were, let's say the last five to six years under a low gas environment, they can support incremental maintenance CAPEX. And not only they can support, it's advisable, right. Because right now, every megawatt counts. Before we had a lot more megawatts that were marginal and we don't necessarily need it to have that maximize the output of the plant. Now we really need to maximize the output of the plant. And look, the capacity factors, the amount of time that these plants are going to run are going to be more than they have been in the past, and we need to take that into consideration. So I would say that there will be an increase. I don't think it's a step-up change from the maintenance CAPEX. But it is -- we need to right size it to the amount of run hours that the unit is going to have, number one. And number two, for the profitability of the plant, right. So every megawatt counts, and I want to make sure that we have it available when we need them.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Great. On the Parish outage and the insurance, so I assume you're not assuming you're going to book any business interruption proceeds this year, it will be next year?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Alberto?
Alberto Fornaro: Yes, it is correct. However, based also on the experience with Limestone, we're trying to accelerate the property damage, insurance proceeds, and link it basically to the expenses and the CAPEX that we're going to deploy this year. So that's the area where we see more opportunity.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. So just high level, you have the $200 million plus cost this year. Then next year, there will be some cost that continues in the first half, but then you'll have a benefit for business interruption that should offset -- should be more meaningful than the cost in 2023?
Alberto Fornaro: Correct.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. Okay. And then just a high level, I know somebody asked about the impact of IRA for the nuclear plant. But just maybe more broadly, could you -- there's a lot of provisions in this bill in different ways that could impact the business, so just could you just talk to anything else that particularly you're particularly focused on?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. I mean the -- I mean the two big ones is what is the impact on wind and solar, renewable energy, and what is the impact on nuclear, right. So, on wind and solar we can see a reengagement and an acceleration of renewable development which we have benefited from and our team is ready to start the conversation with developers again. And then on the nuclear side, we're going to be looking at what is the benefit that we can have with our SPP facility. And like every other nuclear generator in the country, I'm sure that they're starting to do the math to figure out how do we benefit from these production tax credits. So I would say those are the two big areas where we are focused on and that can impact our business.
Steven Fleishman: Okay, thank you. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you Steve.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes today's program. I will now turn the call back over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Felicia, and I look forward to speaking with you shortly. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for attending today's Vivint Smart Home First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Nate, and I will be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to pass the conference over to our host, Nate Stubbs with Vivint. Nate, please go ahead.
Nate Stubbs: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the results of Vivint Smart Home for the 3 months ended March 31, 2022. Joining me this afternoon are David Bywater, Vivint Smart Home's Chief Executive Officer; and Dale R. Gerard, Vivint's Chief Financial Officer. I would like to begin by reminding everyone that the discussion today may contain forward-looking statements, including with regard to the company's future performance and prospects. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in any such statements. We describe some of these risks and uncertainties in the Risk Factors section in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on March 1, 2022, and in other filings we make with the SEC from time to time. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to the extent available without unreasonable effort, are available in the earnings release and accompanying presentation, which are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to David.
David Bywater: Great. Thank you, Nate, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate your ongoing interest in the Vivint story. We continue to work hard every day to earn your confidence and your support. To that end, I am pleased to report that our strong track record of execution as a public company continued through the first quarter of 2022 as we grew total revenue by nearly 15% and adjusted EBITDA by almost 26%. We originated over 66,000 new smart home subscribers, which is a record for the first quarter period. Our last 12-month attrition rate was 11.2%, which was a 15-quarter low and a 60 basis point improvement versus the prior year. We believe our attrition rate is the lowest among national smart home companies by a significant margin. Our improving customer retention is a result of years of work and collaboration to improve the overall credit quality of our customers as well as performance enhancements across our portfolio of products and services. We ended Q1 with net service cost per subscriber near all-time lows, a strong indication that we are operating the business efficiently and effectively while delighting our customers. Our recurring revenue model has proven resilient during challenging economic times. And we believe the peace of mind and security we provide is relevant in any environment. We believe the momentum in the first quarter sets the stage for us to meet our full year targets for total subscribers, revenue and adjusted EBITDA that we communicated to the market in late February. Given the challenges presented by rising interest rates and supply chain constraints, we are lowering the bottom end of our guidance range for free cash flow while leaving the top end of the range unchanged. Dale will speak to the specifics of this change in his remarks. We are focused on redefining the home experience with technology, products and services that create a smarter, greener, safer home, while saving our customers' money every month. Our integrated platform is the core enabler that allows us to deliver on this mission. We process more than 1.1 billion events per day across our subscriber portfolio. Our average customer has about 15 devices in their home and interacts with their system nearly 11 times per day and stays with us for approximately 9 years. Our proprietary platform allows us to not only protect our customers' homes and families, but to make their homes more enjoyable and intelligent as we integrate solutions with artificial intelligence to make smart decisions on their behalf. As we work to also bundle Smart Energy and Smart Insurance, we will leverage our integrated, easy-to-use operating system to help customers save money on their electric bills and insurance premiums. We believe our strategy provides distinct advantages that will allow us to increase the lifetime value of our customers, which in turn should drive strong economic value for our shareholders. We expect that the unit economics of our customers should also improve, further enhancing the cash flow generation of the company and allowing us to reinvest in compelling value-accretive initiatives. We are confident in our strategy as our data indicates that at scale, a customer who bundles smart home with Smart Energy and/or Smart Insurance has a greater lifetime value than a smart home customer alone. Moreover, the lifetime value of a smart home customer increases by $200 to $400 with each additional year they remain on the platform. And we believe that customers who bundle services will remain with us longer than the current 9-year average. We believe our broader platform strategy will further cement Vivint as being in a Category of One. And as we leverage the advantages from our intelligent and integrated platform, we will further extend our leadership in the do-it-for-me smart home segment. Of course, executing on our strategy of making smart homes smarter, leaner and safer requires us to focus on operational excellence, continuous product innovation and a commitment to enhancing the experience of our customers. I am pleased to welcome Rasesh Patel, our new Chief Operating Officer, to the Vivint team. Rasesh would join us in mid-May, and he brings to Vivint 20-plus years of experience in building technology service businesses, driving innovation and improving the customer experience, most recently as the Chief Product and Platform Officer of AT&T Business, a segment with $35 billion in annual revenue. He will oversee all of our customer-facing operations as well as our technology and product platform. We look forward to Rasesh helping us refine our approach to expanding the lifetime value of our customers. Turning to our key strategic adjacencies. As one of the first smart home companies to expand into Smart Energy, we are very encouraged by the momentum we saw in the first quarter. Due to the seasonality of our business, we would expect the majority of our sales to come in the back half of the year. And we remain on track to double the 45 megawatts we sold in 2021. Our Vivint sales force and strategic partners who seamlessly bundle a Vivint smart home system with solar are seeing a considerably better sales realization rate than those who are only selling solar. This is an incredible demonstration of the power we bring by offering a bundled solution. And it strikes directly at one of the issues that solar industry struggles with, wasted upfront costs on the sales of a solar system that never get installed. Our long-term vision is to combine energy production and consumption into an integrated platform that uses data-infused AI to manage power consumption more intelligently. Our nationwide footprint and ability to install our award-winning smart home solution within a day or 2 of a customer signing up for solar, we believe, is a game changer for the industry and for our customers. We believe that as we grow and solidify our go-to-market partnerships, we will prove to be a powerful and differentiated combination to grow and retain smart home customers. Even Pack, who I've worked with for several years at Vivint Solar, joined the Vivint leadership team a few months back to lead our smart home energy initiative and manage our relationships with these key partners. I'm confident he is the right person to lead our smart home energy business in this next phase of growth. Surveys show that less than 4% of the addressable homes in the U.S. have adopted solar at this point with our nearly 1.9 million customers across North America. We believe there is a significant opportunity to provide bundled Smart Energy to our existing customers as well as the hundreds of thousands of new subscribers we add to our portfolio every year. Now to briefly discuss our Smart Insurance initiative, we continue to believe that our data-rich platform can help better price the risk of a customer who has a professionally installed and actively monitored smart home system that can potentially mitigate the severity of loss events. We believe Vivint customers present a lower risk than homeowners without a smart home system or with an unmonitored DIY system that was inadequately scoped and poorly installed. We continue to invest in this initiative. And in March, we welcomed Ron Davies to a newly created role as the Chief Insurance Officer. In this role, Ron leads all aspects of the Smart Insurance business, including the development of our marketing strategy as well as the process of becoming a Managing General Agent, which will allow us to develop specific homeowner coverages and enables us to provide proprietary insurance offerings. Ron is a proven leader that has showcased his ability to transform and build insurance companies over a career spanning more than 2 decades at universally recognized brands such as Progressive, Allstate and most recently, Safe Auto, which was recently purchased by Allstate. In closing, we're extremely pleased with our performance in the first quarter of 2022, and we're excited about the future. The markets in which we operate are large, they're growing and provides significant headroom for growth. Our business model provides a platform for growth in smart home as well as adjacencies like Smart Energy, Smart Insurance and more. We believe that we'll continue to grow at a much faster rate than our do-it-for-me peers and do so in a profitable way while generating positive free cash flow that we can invest in value-accretive opportunities. With that, I will turn the call over to Dale to further discuss our first quarter results and our outlook for the year.
Dale Gerard: Thank you, David. Good afternoon, everyone. My comments will refer to information in our earnings presentation that was posted to the Investor Relations section of our website at vivint.com prior to this call. Following my prepared remarks, we will open the call for a Q&A session. Our key subscriber portfolio metrics continued to perform well and showed year-over-year improvement in the quarter. During the first quarter of 2022, we had growth in total subscribers of 9.6% and versus the prior year period, decreasing from 1.71 million to 1.87 million. Our average monthly recurring revenue per user, or AMRRU, in the first quarter increased 3.1% year-over-year to $67.87. The average in AMRRU was driven by customers purchasing incremental smart home products at the initial point of sale, a trend that we have seen over the past several quarters. The year-over-year growth in total subscribers and AMRRU drove a 12.9% increase in total monthly recurring revenue or total MRR. For the first quarter of 2022, total MRR was $126.5 million, up from $112 million reported in the prior year period. Moving on to revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Revenue grew by 14.7% to $392.7 million in the first quarter of 2022. The growth in revenue was attributable to the previously mentioned double-digit increase in total subscribers and the increase in AMRRU as well as a solid contribution from our Smart Energy initiative. We are very pleased with the first quarter's revenue growth, and we remain on track to meet or exceed our revenue guidance for the full year. Like revenue, adjusted EBITDA grew nicely in the first quarter of 2022, finishing at $202.3 million, up 25.9% from the same period in 2021 with a margin of 51.5%. The scaling of service costs and lower G&A expenses were the primary drivers of the 25.9% year-over-year increase. I would note that in the first quarter of 2021, we incurred a onetime legal expense, and this was the primary driver of the decrease in year-over-year G&A cost. We are happy with the growth in adjusted EBITDA and our ability to increase adjusted EBITDA margin in the face of continued economic challenges and supply chain restraints. Next, I will highlight a few metrics on subscriber originations in the first quarter of 2022, led by 8.9% year-over-year growth in our National Inside Sales. We installed a first quarter record of 66,734 new subscribers. Additionally, our Smart Energy partnership continues to show the benefits of bundling smart home with solar, adding 2,940 new Vivint Smart Home subscribers in the quarter. Nearly all of the customers originated in the quarter either paid in full or financed the purchase of their equipment through one of our financing partners. As we have discussed on prior earnings calls, the timing of the payment of fees to our primary financing partner has changed from over the term of the loan to upfront and netted from the gross proceeds received from that partner. Due to this change, we are updating how we report average proceeds collected at point of sale and net subscriber acquisition cost for a new subscriber. These metrics will now include the fees paid to our financing partners for all periods shown, whether the fees are paid over the term of the loan or upfront at the point of sale. Net of fees paid to our financing partners, average proceeds collected grew by $93 from $1,556 in the last 12-month period ended March 31, 2021, to $1,649 in the same period in 2022. Average proceeds collected at point of sale, excluding finance fees, increased from $2,067 in 2021 to $2,185 in 2022. I will next cover our net service cost per subscriber and net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber for the quarter. We continued our trend of year-over-year improvement in net service cost per subscriber, dropping from $10.77 in the first quarter of 2021 to $10.18 in the first quarter of 2022. Our net service cost per subscriber for the first quarter remained near an all-time low. Our net service margin retained -- remained strong at 78.2%. These results reinforce the advantage of Vivint's fully integrated platform, which encompasses the entire customer journey as well as the constant feedback loop that enables us to continuously improve the performance of our products and platform. Before I discuss net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber, as mentioned earlier, we are now including the fees paid to our financing partners in the reporting of this metric, whether those fees are paid over the term of the loan or upfront at the point of sale. Including financing fees, net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber for the last 12 months ended March 31, 2022, was $618, up slightly from $577 in the prior year period, but down $635 or approximately 50% from the same period in 2019. The marginal year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher equipment and housing-related expenses. Net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber, excluding financing fees, was $82, up slightly from $66 in the prior period, but down $878 from the same period in 2019. Our customer financing model, Vivint Flex Pay, has been instrumental in our transition from using cash, taking on debt to grow the business, to producing cash, reducing debt and having the flexibility to invest in new initiatives that we believe will be value accretive for our shareholders. Another metric we are happy to report is our last 12-month attrition rate. For the period ended March 31, 2022, our attrition rate improved for the eighth consecutive quarter to 11.2%, a 15-quarter low. Our enhanced underwriting standards improved product and service performance and the high level of customer engagement with our platform continue to drive what we believe is the lowest attrition rate among national smart home companies. In terms of net cash used in operating activities, we used $31.1 million -- excuse me, $36.1 million during the first quarter of 2022, up $21.9 million from the first quarter of 2021, which was primarily driven by a change in the timing of interest payments due to the refinancing of our debt last year and a change in the timing of financing fees paid to our lead financing partner. We finished the quarter with $153.2 million of cash on hand and a very strong liquidity position of approximately $510 million. In conclusion, we are proud of our consistent execution across our key financial and operational metrics, particularly since becoming a public company in January of 2020. The fundamentals of the business remain strong. We are pleased with our momentum going into the second quarter, and we are bullish about the opportunities that lie ahead of us. We are also aware of the continuing supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, rising interest rates and challenging labor dynamics. Taking all of these into consideration, we are reaffirming our original guidance issued during our fourth quarter of 2021 earnings call for total subscribers, revenue and adjusted EBITDA. And we are lowering the bottom end of our guidance range for free cash flow by $17 million to $50 million, while leaving the top end of the range unchanged at $77 million. We expect to end the year with total subscribers within the range of 1.95 million and 2 million, total revenue within the range of $1.6 billion and $1.63 billion, adjusted EBITDA within the range of $725 million and $745 million and free cash flow within the range of $50 million and $77 million. This concludes our prepared remarks for the first quarter.  Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Max Gamperl: This is Max Gamperl on for Rod. First question would be on just if you could just elaborate on the attrition trends in the quarter and kind of how that compares to your expectations heading into the quarter? And from a longer-term perspective, where we should expect attrition to go from here for the rest of the year and maybe even beyond some of the older cohorts come to an end?
Dale Gerard: Yes. I'll start with that. This is Dale. And then, David, you can jump in here and add anything. I think we're continuing to see attrition or retention of our customers perform really well. They're probably ahead of our -- again, our expectation in the first quarter. But again, we think when you have the interaction 11 times a day that individuals are acting with our system -- interacting with our system, they're using the system, they're finding value in it, they're more likely to keep staying with the system they're paying for. And I think that's what we're seeing. And I think over time, our product and our service also continues to get better, and there's more functionality that they're able to get out of it. And so that's leading to, again, customers that are wanting the system and wanting this service that we provide. In terms of what we see, I think we've said, hey, guidance-wise, we expect attrition to probably be in the 12% range for the full year. And I think that's what we said coming into this year in terms of guidance there. I think we still expect that. We're cautious. I mean there's lots going on with the economy, as you know, Max, and why we think the attrition will continue to perform really well, and we believe it will, I think for guidance-wise, what we said we're expecting. A part of that is we have -- we know that the end of term percentage of customers will go up from where it is today as we go through renewals here later in the year. I think we're at 10.2% of customers that are at their initial end of contract for this last 12-month period. We expect that to go up higher than that as we go through 2022. And so that's why we're saying, hey, based upon the hydraulics, when you have more customers at end of turn, the attrition usually of those cohorts at that point in time or higher, then we expect 12% or somewhere in that range for full year guidance. The one thing I would point out and then, David, you can jump in if there's anything else, is the last time we were at this type -- this low was in, I think, the second quarter of 2018, and we had a -- we have 10.8%, like I said, of customers during the term this period. It was 12.2% or 12.3% at that point. So we've got -- we're performing better across the board. And so we're really excited about where that is and continue to perform better than what we expect. And we continue to think that will happen throughout the year. David, I don't know if you have anything more.
David Bywater: No, I think that point is just I wanted to make. The other thing is, Max, I do think this is a good illustration of the integrated model. I see the collaboration between our operations teams and our innovation teams. And we own the product, we own the IP. And seeing those 2 teams work well together to root cause anything that is causing friction with the customers and how they collaborate to knock down those issues proactively is great to see. And those 2 teams worked really, really well together. It's very close. So it's not this large disparate set of solutions from across a large array of parties. It's -- the majority of it is what we own and do internally. So I think we're really pleased with the results coming from the integrated model. So, so far, so good. And I think as I mentioned in my comments, from everything we can see, I think we're materially ahead of a lot of our peers. And we're proud of that, and we'll continue to work hard to continue to widen that gap.
Max Gamperl: Got it. That's helpful. And then another question would be, just from a macro perspective, how are you thinking about direct-to-home sales heading into the summer? With COVID largely in the rearview mirror for the first time in, I guess, 2 years, I guess that should probably help your direct-to-home sales, but we also have a tough operating environment with rising labor costs. So wondering about your direct-to-home sales strategy for this year?
David Bywater: Yes. No, great question. Direct-to-home is a very important channel for us. We launched the summer about 2.5, almost 3 weeks ago. We're off to a great start. Actually, we've been very pleased with the first few weeks. They're performing better than we expected. And it's probably one of our best launches in years. So we're very encouraged by that. It's a collaborative sell. It's an informative sell. And so we're very good at this. I think we're best in class at this. We've been doing this for decades now. And our teams know how to sell, where to sell. They're very pleased with the platform and services that we have to offer. And I think our productivity, we're very encouraged what we've seen in the first few weeks. So we're very bullish, and I'm very, very encouraged by the results we've seen. You usually know within the first 4 or 5 weeks of the summer how the summer is going to trend out. And thus far, all the data seems to be a very strong summer for us. So very, very encouraged.
Dale Gerard: Yes. Having COVID behind us is a great thing, but also, we're seeing the sales productivity hasn't really been hurt by kind of the economic chaos going on. So we're still cautious, but so far, so good. So let's see how a few more weeks stack up, and we'll report in August, but feeling good about it.
Operator: Our next question goes to Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital.
Ashish Sabadra: So maybe just a quick question on the free cash flow guidance. I was just wondering what takes you to the high end versus the low end of the guidance range. And maybe just a follow-up question there. Like why do we see that impact on the free cash flow, but haven't really seen those headwinds impacting the EBITDA or other line items? So any color there will be helpful as well.
Dale Gerard: Yes. So with the rising interest rates, we have 2 pieces of kind of debt. I would say we have the term loan that's on our balance sheet. And then the bigger component is really the Citizens financing. As you know, we offer that to consumers for 0% APR. And so our costs associated to do that as the rates rise will increase. And so we're trying to do some forecasting there around what we think will happen around rates in the different swap curves. And so that's why we said, hey, based upon where we see rates today and what we expect, the increases will be at the next 2 or 3 or 4 fed meetings. We factored that into kind of our estimates and said, "Hey, we think that there will be potentially a greater use of cash than we originally anticipated when we did our models for the beginning of the year." The reason why you don't see that into like EBITDA, for example, is when that comes through, it comes through as a reduction to revenue. And so as we put it on -- so if you take the gross amount less the fee, that net amounts what we put into deferred revenue and we recognize over, say, 60 months period of the loan. And so while it will be a lot -- could be $10 million, $20 million in incremental cash, depending on what happens with rates here, it's very small when you look at it on a revenue basis because it gets spread out over, I think, about 5 years. So in any one period of time for revenue, it's not going to be material to change the numbers. But on a cash basis, because it's the cash that we get in this period related to those new sales, it will have some impact there. So that's why we're just -- we're being -- realizing what's really happening in the economy. We're seeing these rates go up, and they're going up a lot faster. I think maybe when you look at the yield curves in the out 2, 3 years -- you've got to remember most of our loans we put on the Citizens are 60-month loans. And so that cost, while the rates have not increased that dramatically when you look at it just quarter-over-quarter, 1 year rates, but the calculation used to figure out what our cost is with them, it uses longer-term periods, and those rates have -- went up higher than what they were the last time when we put out our guidance.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful color. And maybe just on my follow-up. Thanks for that disclosure on the Smart Energy partners and the new subscribers which are generated from that channel. And just given the higher energy prices, it seems to be a strong demand for solar energy. So I was wondering what are you seeing on that front. And how should we think that partnership helping drive accelerated subscriber growth going forward?
David Bywater: Yes. We are seeing some strong demand there. I think the work that the team did 2 years ago, that partnership that we really brought to market last summer, was fortuitous because we knew that there was a strong desire to bundle the 2. We've known that for years. But we really saw the benefits of it at the end of last summer and then throughout this last fall and winter. We have forecast that we will double our megawatts. We may do more than that. We also see that there are some challenges on the solar side. There's some challenges with regards to supply constraints to their own panels that is causing some concern. And so we're also just being realistic around the access to panels there. And there's also financing costs that impact solar, just like there is across all consumer products. But having said that, those headwinds are real. They're similar to what we see on the smart home side. But there is this desire, obviously, to control your energy costs. And I think with the rising cost of petroleum, there are people who are saying, "Hey, net-net, long term, I want to be able to be in control of that." And so I think they have that longer vision, and they are pushing forward to adopt solar. There is a strong desire there. And as we mentioned, we're seeing a very -- a much higher pull-through of those sells that actually go to install, which at the end of the day is what really matters when they bundle smart home. We knew from the work that we had done from all of the survey work that there was a strong desire to bundle them. And in fact, in practice, we're seeing a materially higher pull-through rate. So we think we're on to something pretty special, and our partners agree. And so there's a ying and yang and a pro and a con in the current environment. But net-net, we think that the demand for solar will continue to be strong, and the demand to bundle what we have will be even stronger. And those that provide the bundled solution would [like] the customers even more and provide them more value. And as a result, we think we can actually do a better job in winning in that market space. But yes, it will continue to be very strong in solar.
Ashish Sabadra: That's great color. And again, solid results and good to see the great momentum in both subscriber and revenue growth.
David Bywater: Yes. Thank you. It was a great quarter, and we're optimistic for the full year.
Operator: Our next question goes to Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: I just want to echo the congrats, really strong quarter across the board really. So -- and that kind of gets to my question, which is you saw a nice upside in 1Q, kept your full year guidance unchanged. Just want to understand, is that more a function of trying to embed some conservatism in the model for the rest of the year, given what's going on? Or has there been any change in outlook as we think about the remainder of the year? And then I have a follow-up.
Dale Gerard: Thanks for the question. It's really embedding conservatism. I don't know if it's conservatism or it's being cautious to what we're seeing in the marketplaces, frankly, right? It was a great first quarter. And as David just mentioned, we're bullish on the full year prospect. But we're also -- there's lots of things going on in the economy that we just don't know how consumer behavior, if it will change. We haven't seen it today. And as David -- we're feeling good about the start of the direct-to-home sales season. That's a couple of weeks in. But for where we are today, we're 5 months into the year, I think we feel pretty good saying, "Hey, that's where we think we'll be." And as we get deeper into the year and we get second quarter credit, if there's a need to make any revisions, and I'm sure we will. But it's really just thoughtful about everything that's going on out there. With supply chain, David, you can jump in this, but I think everyone with supply chain in 2022 -- like we went through 2021 and were like, supply chain, you can't get any worse from that or it's going to get better in '22. And we're not. We're still seeing it's -- every day, it's a battle to make sure we got de-commenced from subcomponents and suppliers, and we've got to work then to get those components recommitted or we've got to go out and find other suppliers to bring us those components. You've got -- they've got labor constraints. I think you got China shut down, which is where a lot of subcomponents actually come out of. We don't really manufacture finished goods in China, but a lot of the subcomponents that go into our finished cameras and panels and so forth come out of there. And so after disruption, we don't know what's -- I don't know what's going to -- how long that's going to go on or what that really will look like. And it's not only in just timing, it does, but it's also in cost. There's got to be more cost. They have to use more air freight. It's going to be higher manufacturing costs because they're going to have to use more labor and overtime to catch -- keep the volumes that we need to come into production. So there's just a lot of things out there that we see, but don't have like full visibility to what those could -- how those could impact us. And so that's why we're kind of leaving that full year kind of where it is today from what we know and what we see. David, I don't know if you have to say anything else.
David Bywater: No, I agree. We have a gentleman named [Indiscernible] that runs our direct-to-home. And I've been talking to him. It's interesting, you think about this year, we're encouraged by the start of direct-to-home this year. And the reason why I bring that up is because I think the solutions that we have this year, that we're bringing forth with our sales force to our customers, it resonates. These bundled stations, they resonate. The fact that we're trying to make homes safer, more efficient and also more cost effective, they resonate. We talked about the road map of our company, we're trying to extend how long we are with customers to pull our high service margins we have in our current business plus bundle and incremental margin, and we're trying to create more value for our customers. I mean you take all of that -- and we're encouraged by the year. So -- and Q1 was a great manifestation of that. I mean the work we're doing with our inside sells, our direct-to-home really kicks off in the spring and summer, but our inside sales was relatively strong. So we feel good about the refinement of our strategy and our execution of our strategy. Our operations teams, I mean, they continue to dial in on their ability to execute even in a more leveraged way than they have in the past. So we're encouraged. But yes, to Dale's point, I'm not sure the Ukrainian conflict with Russia, not sure oil price is going to end up. Still I'm concerned about the supply chain constraints. And then interest rates, we have the 3-year curve. Not exactly sure if it goes to try to beat them. So it's that unknown. We just thought it was prudent just the [holds] where we are. And our goal with you guys is give it to you how we see it. We beat -- we've done a really good job performing ever since we did the IPO. We don't want to blow that. We want you to believe in what we say, and that's kind of how we roll. So...
Erik Woodring: I appreciate all that color, and I think you're taking the right strategy, so kudos to you. Maybe just my follow-up. David, I think you mentioned a comment earlier where you said the customer stays for 9 years. Is that just a subtle hint that you think your long-term attrition rate, which was originally thought to be closer to 12%, could actually be lower than that because you now see customers staying kind of 9 years versus the high end of 7 or 8 years? That was kind of the prior estimation. I just want to make sure if that was just a comment in passing or if that's something that you think has fundamentally changed, where now the long-term attrition rate might now be lower than it was -- than you were thinking maybe 3, 6, 9, 12 months ago?
David Bywater: No, Erik, we're very explicit about this. I mean our aspiration is very much to turn long-term customers into lifetime customers. I mean it's very aspirational. But our goal here is to have it be 12 years, 15 years. A solar relationship is 35 years. If you bring to them a better insurance solution that they benefit from because of their smart home solution, why would they go anywhere else? If we can continue to make their home more efficient today and more enjoyable, and they interact with that whole more and more on, why would they go anywhere else. So it very much is our stated desire and objective to bring them value so that it goes from 9 to 12 to 13, and that would very much reduce attrition. I talk about this internally a fair bit, we're trying to have the entire bundled solution be a lower cost than they have today. And when you do that and you help educate the consumer about the value you're bringing, I really do hope that we're dropping out hundreds of basis points of attrition over time. And by math, you extend that relationship. It's so interesting. 10 years ago, when you were just in the security business, you sold a system and people hoped that they never had to use it. They hope they never got -- had an instance where they had an alarm go off. By default, they never knew if it was really working. And we've completely flipped that. We are trying to drive interaction with them every day. We're reminding them every day of the value that we bring. So we always talk about that 11 times per day. We hope that we can get that to 13 times a day, 15 times a day, where you're so integral into their family. It's so funny, my wife, she hates it. But I will often get on my phone. I will see her on our -- my cameras in the house. And I'll talk to her over the phone, and she's like, David, I hate this, you can now see what I'm doing at home. But I'm interacting with my family at different times if I'm late for dinner. I'll actually -- I'll be having dinner, and I'll be talking to them. There's new ways that I'm interacting with my family that I never thought about a year ago. So we're always trying to think about ways that we can become more central to who they are so that they can't live without us. So yes, very much, Erik, I hope that, that average lifetime continues to go up. And like I said, on just the smart home alone, not even including insurance or so, just the smart home, for every year we extend it, it depends on how big the package is, it's $200 to $400 more of lifetime value. And then when you add in solar and you add in insurance, my goal here is to show you guys over time, the lifetime value of the customer is expanding nicely. So you as investors are saying, wait a minute, this is a superior investment option for us. [Indiscernible] so that's what we're trying to prove to you.
Operator: Our next question goes to Paul Chung with JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: So just on 1Q, what kind of drove the big uptick there? Typically seasonally slower. What were some pockets of demand, what regions you saw strength? And then how is competition kind of faring? Are more and more people becoming aware of your brand?
David Bywater: Well, Paul, it's David. In Q1, most of that was driven through our inside sales. So the seasonality of our direct home, they really kick in as we've diversified our channels. You really see the strength of direct-to-home in Q2 and Q3 and then part of Q4. But -- so really Q1, the majority of that is from inside sales. And I really think that's a function of many things. One, once again, I think our product is getting better. And so that's folks who are researching our product, they're seeing the accolade that we have from our product. We call ourselves a Category of One. We really do think that we have the best product out there for the money. And so I think people see that. The success of our direct-to-home, you see all the advertisers, all the homes that have the signs out front, you know that -- we benefit from that. So there's a symbiotic relationship here between the 2. But that was really around just digital marketing and the effectiveness of that and just the brand awareness. We've done a fair bit of survey work around our brand awareness. It's surprisingly high for how little we spend on brand. And we think that's earned brand. That's from doing this now for 20 years and really earning that on a word-of-mouth basis, which is the most valuable brand awareness you can possibly have. So once again, it's hard earned. And that was really largely from inside sales, which I think stands on the merit of the efficacy of the product.
Dale Gerard: The other thing I'd just layer in that, too, is inside sales is really, really strong in the quarter. We did pick up almost 3,000 additional new subscribers from that partnership that we've created. As David said, groundwork was laid 18, 24 months ago, really started coming to fruition in '21, and we're continuing to see that really come full circle, so to speak, in 2022. And so we got almost 3,000 new business from smart homes, from a channel that didn't exist previously. And we think there's lots of -- because solar largely sold year around, right? And the team has helped them understand the value of bundling. And as we train them, and they've seen the benefits, that's true, that engine has also helped us, yes. So inside sales and that new channel coming online. Yes, good point.
David Bywater: And you see that in the numbers.
Paul Chung: Right, yes. From the solar stuff -- yes, the solar stuff. So nice momentum there. How do we think about kind of the new subs growth relative to the doubling of the megawatts you mentioned and kind of the revenue and margin contribution per sub kind of moving forward on that basis? And then, I guess, the same kind of question for smart insurance, kind of the unit economics per sub there.
Dale Gerard: Yes. So I'll start with Smart Insurance and work our way back. Paul, this is Dale. We're not really giving out -- we haven't given out. I think we're still very early into the life cycle of the insurance business and building out. I mean we got 7,000 or so sold policies last year. So that's very early, continue to build out. We're spending and investing there. That's one of the investments that we're making in 2022 to build out the MGA that we're working on. Ron has been in place -- Ron Davies, who we brought in to lead, has been in place for 60 days, I think, at this point. So very early there. We think -- we definitely believe it's accretive to our EBITDA margin and definitely drives extended and increased lifetime value of the customer. But we'll give those down when I think it's appropriate, when we have a better feel for what those really look like because there's a lot of movement there still today. I think on the Smart Energy side, I think that 45 megawatts that we did last year would be -- that's probably 5,000 homes or so. So if you double that this year, you get to 90, you're probably in the 9,500 to 10,000 homes. And we believe that we'll be able to drive incremental value and margin out of that business. And then what I think comes -- there's 2 pieces of that, right? There's the revenue that's generated from the selling of that solar to that customer and we get the margin from that. And then there's also, from this partnership, the development and increased Vivint Smart Home customers that have very strong margins in terms of lifetime value. So there's kind of 2 pieces to that. I think we want to make sure we think of it that way. I think we can drive 10,000-ish or more new subs from that, smart home subs. And then you'll have -- last year, I think we said that 45 megawatts was, call it, $45 million to $50 million of revenue. And so you can kind of back in, if we're doubling where we are this year, then we're probably looking at somewhere between, call it, $85 million and $95 million of revenue from that. And then we're still working. It's early. I think we feel good about where our cost structure will come out there. But it's probably a little still early, but I think it will be somewhere north of 10%, what we'd say, as the margin on that. And I think our goal is to get into the mid- to high teens, but there's -- we're still working on that.
David Bywater: On our investments. We're making investments now to make sure that we scale it directly.
Dale Gerard: Again, I think, Paul, to make sure it's incremental to what we've done today, so it's positive to whatever we've done today in terms of EBITDA we're getting from that. And I think it's really about, as David said previously, it's about the lifetime value of the customer. And if you can take that customer that has a 75% to 80% service margin from the smart home side, you can add incremental revenue that you're getting to net customer related to a solar sale or the annual insurance premiums coming in from that customer, it really expands out, we believe, the lifetime value of that customer.
David Bywater: And pull the margin from smart home in other peers.
Dale Gerard: That right. It's really quite powerful. We saw some people were saying, hey, the margin is dilutive. And I'm like, you've got to open your aperture. If you're one of this business on your own, you make your investment because you're protecting and elongating and adding and, most importantly, you're adding value to the customer, which makes you a must-own asset. So as you open your aperture and think about value of the customer, defending your base and incrementally adding margin on a very risk-adjusted basis, it is a no-brainer to do. And the way we're doing it in an asset-light friendly way, it's very, very...
Operator: Our next question goes to Brian Ruttenbur with Imperial Capital.
Brian Ruttenbur: First of all, in terms of second quarter, can you talk a little bit about where you see G&A going because you had a dramatic drop in G&A year-over-year sequentially in the first quarter. Where do you see that going in the second quarter?
Dale Gerard: Yes. So sequentially, it will go up from Q1 to Q2, it will go up. I think when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, it's going to be, call it, 5%, 6% growth. So again, one of the things we've really focused on is really trying to drive efficiencies out of the dollars that we're investing. And G&A is an investment. I mean it's like -- it's a capital allocation, like anything else, whether it's new subscribers or technology or products. And so we're really focused on that, Brian, making sure that where we're spending our dollars in G&A, whether that's in finance, legal, marketing, exactly where is it that we're actually getting a return on those dollars. So there will be some year-over-year. I mean there's going to be some -- as you know, Brian, there's going to be some inflationary pressure just on some of the core things that we have in that, whether it's travel. We're starting to see a little bit more travel, David and I have been to conferences and so forth. So there are certain things like that, that we're starting to see. But we're going to try our best to maintain and really drive scale across the G&A.
Brian Ruttenbur: Okay. Very good. The other question is more macro. It's kind of your road map. Can you talk a little bit more about the insurance offering, where you are now in terms of the rollout, are you going to be farming this out? Are you self-insuring your customers here? How -- what's the structure? And then maybe what other offerings could you potentially be selling through your channel?
David Bywater: Right. Brian, thanks for the question. I'll take that one. So yes, first and foremost, we believe this is a platform play. And we're really seeing that come to fruition last year and then this year. So this ecosystem we have and the home relationship we have with the customers, they're asking us to say, "Hey, bring us other solutions." So we talked about [Indiscernible]. The insurance is a great manifestation of that. So where we are? This last 1.5 years, we really were working on just making sure that we could actually be relevant and the customers [Indiscernible]. We've just been actually just selling policies, reselling policies, just making sure the system is in place, the compliance apparatus to be able to sell to our 2 million customers. And so there wasn't anything terribly creative about that. It was just trying to get the ability to sell correctly through an agency piece. We've been working to actually develop an MGA model, where we can then take the data that we have and underwrite with partners, with a reinsurer to actually be able to have them underwrite a lot of the risks to actually bring data to bear that the customers have on their behalf to underwrite a product that would benefit them. And so this year, our goal is to be into 3 states. We should be into our first state as an MGA later this summer and then hopefully be in 2 more states by the end of the year. And the states we're going into is a function of where our partners want us to go, where we have a large customer base and the risk profile works for our product. So [we want to be thoughtful], Dale mentioned this, this is not be a material piece of our economics probably for a year or 2, what we're trying to do now is just make sure that we do it correctly, methodically working with our partners. There is a very large interest level because we own the data. With our customers, we have the platform. And so we're just making sure we're doing it correctly. We're not relying upon this to be a large revenue lift or a large EBITDA lift or large cash lift or [grain]. We're doing this to be able to prove out value to our customers, and this will be a nice growth engine in the years to come. But most importantly, it's a great manifestation of the platform play [Indiscernible]. The second part of your -- so to answer your question there, Brian, we're partnering with some large, large industry players. We're making sure the risk falls appropriately where it should be, relying upon their expertise and our expertise. We're not trying to play in areas of risk that we're not confident in. We're relying upon them, and we're relying upon what we're really good at to do our part. And that really is the data we have, the installation we have and the servicing we have. And they're helping make sure that we price the risk [Indiscernible]. With regards to where else we can go, we've done a fair bit of work on this, on one of the platforms. We feel right now our plate is pretty full not only with the continued expansion of Smart Home and Smart Energy and Smart Insurance, but also the expansion of channels and how we bring this to market. There's a fair bit on our plate. And for the next 18 to 24 months, we're really digesting and scaling that. But we've mentioned in prior calls that we're interested in aging in place. It's an area and marketplace we think we have a really strong product offering to bring to bear there. And we can really drive out a lot of costs and bring a lot of comfort and value to folks who want to age in their home, where they are happier, healthier and do it in a much more cost-effective way and connect their families. So that's an area that we're doing some work around. And I can see that being an area that we'll probably invest in the future. But right now, we're focused on what we have. And that might be through partnerships -- that may be through partnerships, that may be through organic. And we're still trying to manage exactly how we want to approach that marketplace and when we'll do it. But that's another example of where the platform will most likely go down the road.
Operator: All questions have been exhausted. So I will turn the conference back over to David Bywater for closing remarks.
David Bywater: Great. We appreciate you guys' interest. Like I said, I think we had a great Q1. We're looking forward to a solid year. We appreciate you guys' ongoing interest in us. We're focused on delighting the customers, taking care of our shareholders, taking care of our employees. I did want to mention to all of you guys that we really appreciate our employees. We think they're world class. I hear often from our customers how well our employees take care of them, whether it's how they sell or how they service them, whether it's calls over the phone or when they're in their homes, a number of incredible employees. And I appreciate how they innovate. I appreciate how they take care of each other and how they come through this COVID crisis with respect to one another and to [help] each other and how they treat our customers. So once again, thanks for your time and your interest, and we look forward to talking to you guys on our next call. Take care.
Operator: That concludes today's Vivint Smart Home First Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You can now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. 
Kevin Cole: Great. Thank you, Amy. Good morning and welcome to NRG energy's fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcast. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this morning by Alberto Fornaro, Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Home Retail; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. This is my 25th earnings call as CEO and I wanted to start with a quick look back on what we have achieved. Over the past six years, we have transformed our company from a complex industrial story into one that is much simpler and focused on our core strengths. Along the way, we have made significant progress in our strategy to get closer to the customer, optimize our generation portfolio to serve those customers, strengthen the financial health of our company and created significant shareholder value. We now turn to the next phase in our evolution of growing our business and realizing the potential around the customer. I am excited about the future and look forward to sharing our progress with all of you in the months to come. Moving on to the three key messages of today's presentation on slide four. Our business delivered results in line with the 2021 guidance, effectively navigating supply chain constraints and volatile market conditions, further validating the strength and durability of our model. Next, I am pleased to report that we have successfully executed our winter storm Uri mitigation plan and we are increasing 2022 capital available for allocation. Finally, we continue to advance our five-year strategic road map in moving closer to the customer and our commitment to being excellent stewards of shareholder capital. The 2021 financial and operational results are on slide five. Beginning with our scorecard. We executed on all our priorities. I want to thank all the employees at NRG for maintaining focus during a challenging year, which included a global pandemic, Winter Storm Uri, asset sales and the integration of Direct Energy. Importantly, we were able to operate through these conditions while setting another record for safety. This is the fourth straight year we have set a new company safety record, an incredible accomplishment worthy of recognition. Direct Energy integration remains ongoing and we are on track to achieve our run rate synergies. During the year, we outperformed our initial expectations achieving $175 million versus our original expectation of $135 million. This integration is led by the same team and supported by the same governance of the transformation plan, which gives me the utmost confidence in our ability to reach if not exceed our run rate targets. Following multiple years of rightsizing our business, 2021 marked a significant milestone in capitalizing our best-in-class consumer services platform. We added roughly 3 million customers to our portfolio and expanded the scale and scope of home power and natural gas services. Also during the year, we monetized 4.8 gigawatts of non-core fossil assets in our East and West regions. And now the retirement of 1.6 gigawatts of coal assets in the East and signed an additional 800 megawatts of renewables PPAs. Next, we continue to adhere to our disciplined capital allocation principles. In late 2021, we announced a $1 billion share repurchase program to be completed throughout 2022. We also increased our dividend per share 8% in line with our stated dividend growth rate of 7% to 9%. In June, we held our Investor Day where we revealed our five-year strategic road map to create significant stakeholder value by moving closer to the customer, while also returning significant capital to our shareholders. Moving to the right-hand side of the slide for the financial results. We delivered $433 million of adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter, 31% higher than the prior year. This brings our full year results to $2.42 billion of adjusted EBITDA, 21% higher than the prior year primarily driven by the acquisition of Direct Energy and excluding the impact from Winter Storm Uri. Finally, we are maintaining our 2022 adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth guidance ranges. We are seeing promising results in mitigating winter supply chain constraints, and I look forward to updating you next quarter. As a result of our Winter Storm Uri mitigation plan, we are increasing our 2022 capital available for allocation by $212 million, which Alberto will discuss in more detail. Now turning to slide 6 for a brief update on the ERCOT market. Following Winter Storm Uri, it was clear that market reforms from well-head to light bulb were necessary to improve grid resilience. In the months following the event, we actively engaged in discussions with legislators, regulators and other market participants to introduce comprehensive and competitive solutions across the entire system to address areas that fail. In 2021, Texas made significant progress in hardening the electric grid through power plant and transmission weatherization standards, improved market design with changes in scarcity pricing, ancillary reforms and consumer protection improvements. In 2022, we expect Texas to expand its focus on hardening the natural gas infrastructure and implementation of phase 2 of power reforms which includes resource adequacy by establishing a load-side reserve requirement and on-site fuel security. I want to comment that Texas governor's office, legislature, PUCT and ERCOT for taking swift action and accelerating effective reforms that would normally take years and addressing them within months. While our work is not done yet, we believe Texas performance through a tough winter is a strong reflection of effective actions and policies. Moving to the right-hand side of the slide for an update on the financial impact from Winter Storm Uri. I am pleased to announce that we have successfully executed our mitigation strategy. Today, we're updating the net financial impact from the storm to $380 million from our prior expected range of $500 million to $700 million. Now turning to Slide 7. It is important that we recognize our ESG principles and highlight a few of our 2021 accomplishments. We created a sustainable framework with a strong foundation based on our corporate values and our sustainability program that brings all stakeholders working together with a common purpose from our customers to our employees to our operations. Our sustainability program consistently upholds a high standard of accountability and transparency across the pillars of environmental leadership, social focus and strong governance. I want to start with an update on our environmental leadership. As you know we committed to a stringent decarbonization path in line with the 1.5-degree Celsius scenario, which has been certified by the science-based target initiative. That means reducing our carbon emissions 50% by 2025 and net zero by 2050. As you can see on the right-hand side of the slide since 2014 we have reduced our carbon emissions by 44% and we have a clear line of sight to our 2025 goal. So just to put this in perspective this is equivalent to taking 5.8 million passenger vehicles off the road for a year. In addition as advocates for the electrification of transportation, in 2021 we set a goal to electrify 100% of our light-duty vehicle fleet by 2030 further demonstrating our commitment to progress. All these efforts have resulted in the diversification of our revenue streams to cleaner solutions. Since 2014 coal generation as a percentage of revenues has decreased by 80% and now represents less than 5% of our total revenues. If you recall not long ago coal made up almost one-third of our revenues. We still have much work to do, but I am confident we are on the right track and have the right team to succeed on our goals. On the social front, our engagement with our employees, communities and customers continues to advance. As I mentioned in my opening remarks in 2021 we once again achieved top-decile employee safety performance. We also implemented employee programs to support financial, physical and mental well-being. Our diversity equity and inclusion value continues to shape our culture and inform our decision-making as we strive to unlock the power of DEI as a way to better understand our customers and the communities we serve, while also making our team stronger. In our communities, we supported more than 750 non-profit organizations through our philanthropic arm Positive Energy. We also focused our volunteer efforts on food security through virtual and in-person food donations and packaging meals for those in need. And for our customers, we are always innovating. We have been a leader in facilitating renewable energy for our residential customers, as well as providing a path for small and medium sized businesses to participate in the sustainable energy transition. And as we all know, more than ever the home is the center of our lives. So we continue to advocate for individual customers choice in the products and services that best suit their values and lifestyle, delivered with reliability and affordability. Finally, regarding our strong governance, I am particularly proud of our transparency in reporting and accountability on our goals. In just this last past year, we released our 11th annual Sustainability Report, our fifth reporting compliance with SASB standards, and 12 CDP or climate disclosure project questionnaire. We also formally issued our first TCFD or task force on climate-related financial disclosure, as a way to improve and ensure our stakeholders have the right tools to make informed decisions and track our progress. In 2021, we issued our second sustainability-linked bond. If you recall we were the first company in North America to do it back in 2020. These bonds tie our financing cost to achieving our carbon reduction goals. As you can see, our culture of sustainability is ingrained in every part of our organization and we continue to play an integral part in our transition to a consumer services company. I am looking forward to sharing more details of our ESG journey with you later this spring in our 2021 sustainability report. Now, I want to provide you an update on our growth program. As I shared with you during Investor Day, our focus over 2021 and 2022 is twofold: optimizing the core and setting the stage for growing the core. In terms of optimizing the core, we continue to remain on track to integrate Direct Energy into our business and have been successful in optimizing our generation portfolio to support our customer-facing business. We are also making solid progress on our efforts around growing the natural gas and dual-fuel customer portfolio. Let me give you a couple of specific examples for both. One, we are seeing early success in achieving our customer count by leveraging our existing and long-standing partnerships with big box retailers to sell natural gas and expand our geographic footprint. Second, we are advancing our digital experience, so customers can easily enroll in both electricity and natural gas plants. These efforts are relatively new, and I will share more details as we make progress later in the year. Now, moving on to growing the core you will remember that our plan is focused in two areas: Energy Services and Home Services. The housing picture on the left really gives you a sense of the various customer solutions that are on our growth roadmap. Some of these solutions are already operational such as power, natural gas and storage, while others such as solar and EV are in the pilot or development phase. The table on the right slide provides the status on each of these targeted customer solutions. The important key takeaway is that, we are not starting our growth program from zero. We have meaningful existing capabilities to deliver many of our targeted customer solutions and we are leveraging those capabilities as we speak. For those customer solutions that are not currently operational, we will use 2022 as a staging period for us to prudently test and learn, optimize our participation model and refine the go-to-market approach such that when we get to 2023, we will have confidence in deploying capital against that growth. Moving to Slide 9. As you can see our capital allocation track record is cycle appropriate and directly in line with our roadmap to stabilize, right-size, redefine and now enhance our company. During 2016 and 2017 our primary focus was simplifying and strengthening the balance sheet. In 2018 and 2019 with the balance sheet significantly improved, we were able to shift to returning capital to shareholders and growth. In '20 and ’21, the Direct acquisition meant more of our capital shifted towards growth and debt reduction. Now moving to 2022. We turn our focus towards achieving our per share growth objectives and growing into our investment-grade credit metrics through the full realization of Direct Energy run rate earnings and our growth program. And like I said earlier 2022, remains a staging year for growth which provides significant excess cash to be returned through dividends and share repurchases. I will provide you an update on the remaining unallocated cash throughout the year. So, with that I will pass it over to Alberto for the financial review. 
Alberto Fornaro: Thank you, Mauricio. I will now turn to Slide 11 for a review of the full year results. We finished the year achieving our 2021 adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth targets in line with guidance realizing more than $2.4 billion in adjusted EBITDA and $1.5 billion in free cash flow before growth. Adjusted EBITDA reflects a $419 million increase compared to 2020, primarily due to the acquisition of Direct Energy in January 2021. This is despite several unexpected headwinds including the extended forced outage at Limestone Unit 1 power plant additional planned and unplanned outages in Texas and increased ancillary charges. The results include the achievement of $175 million of Direct Energy synergies in line with the most recent expectations and in excess of the initial 2021 target set at $135 million. Free cash flow before growth was $1.512 billion -- $22 million ahead of the midpoint of 2021 guidance primarily, to lower capital expenditure. Moving to the highlights. 2021 was a productive year in moving closer to the customer. We closed on the Direct Energy acquisition and successfully started the integration. Next in December we closed the sale of 4.8 gigawatts of noncore East and West fossil generation. We also reduced our debt by $755 million and further linked our financial performance to our climate goals while reducing our interest expenses through refinancing callable debt through $1.1 billion sustainability-linked bond. Moving to the update on Winter Storm Uri impact, we have significantly improved the net impact from the storm. You may recall that at the end of Q3 our expectation for the mitigants was a range of $370 million to $570 million with a net impact of approximately $500 million to $700 million. Today we are reducing this net impact to $380 million as a result of increased mitigation of $708 million as a result of the securitization as well as effective management of customer bad debt accounted by the exposure. From a GAAP income statement perspective we fully recognize these mitigants in 2021 through a reduction in cost of goods sold. The cash impact however, was different and it is highlighted on the bottom left of Slide 11. First, you may recall that the mitigated loss includes bill credits to C&I customers and other items which are going to materialize as a cash flow in 2022. At the end of December the total amount was equal to $97 million. Second the $696 million of proceeds from the securitization while fully accrued in 2021 will be received in Q2 2022. Overall the cash impact of Uri in 2021 was therefore, equal to a net outflow of $979 million offset by a cash inflow in 2022 of $599 million. Moving to the right-hand side of the slide we are maintaining our 2022 adjusted EBITDA of $1.95 billion to $2.25 billion and free cash flow before growth of $1.14 billion to $1.44 billion guidance range. As Mauricio said in his scripted remarks, we are seeing promising results in mitigating our previously discussed winter supply chain constraints and we look forward to updating next quarter following the winter season. Since the last earnings call in December we announced and immediately began executed our $1 billion share repurchase program. We executed $120 million in repurchases to date with $39 million in December and $81 million year-to-date. The remaining program will be completed through 2022. Finally, our Direct Energy integration and synergy plan remains squarely on track. I will turn now to slide 12 for a brief update on our 2021 capital allocation. Moving left to right, our realized free cash flow before growth in 2021 is $22 million above the midpoint of the guidance. Next, we are showing our actual increase in cash of $41 million instead of the $150 million previously planned. Next, during the fourth quarter we finalized the purchase price adjustment with Centrica for the Direct Energy acquisition, resulting in a $25 million increase for the prior earnings call. Next, Winter Storm Uri as mentioned before the 2021 cash out was $979 million, while we expect to receive a net amount of $599 million in 2022 as shown in the next slide. Next, we completed another $500 million of debt reduction during the quarter bringing the full year total to $755 million using a portion of the $623 million of net proceeds received from the sale of the 4.8 gigawatt of generation asset. Lastly, as we mentioned before, $48 million were utilized for share repurchases including $39 million towards the $1 billion share repurchase program. The capital available for allocation at the end of 2021 has been, therefore, fully allocated. Turning to slide 13 and again working left to the right. The combination of the midpoint of our 2022 free cash flow guidance with the net cash expected from the proceeds of the securitization will provide us almost $1.9 billion of cash to be deployed in 2022. Moving to the right, we expect to increase the minimum cash to $650 million to approximately $339 million in dividends and completed the remaining $961 million of the share repurchase. Please note that the dividend amount is based on current share outstanding and we will provide updates on future earnings calls as we progress throughout the execution of the share repurchase program. Next in other investments column, we have committed $170 million at this point, which includes $70 million for the continued integration of Direct Energy business, $50 million for small book acquisitions, $25 million to prepare the land at Encina for an eventual sale and $25 million in other smaller projects. Lastly, we expect to have $310 million of remaining capital available for our location still to be allocated in 2022. Now turning to slide 14. We finished 2021 with a net debt to EBITDA of approximately 3.2 times after adjusting for non-cash items and removing the EBITDA from the recent asset sales. Our long-term financial strategy remains unchanged and we are committed to a strong balance sheet by continuing to target investment grade credit metrics of 2.5 to 2.75, primarily through full realization of the Direct Energy run rate synergies and growth initiatives. We will continue to provide updates on our path to investment-grade metrics as we execute these initiatives. Back to you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. Moving to our 2022 priorities and expectations on slide 16. First, we will always be focused on the blocking and tackling of delivering on our financial, operational and ESG commitments, while adhering to our capital allocation principles. Beyond this, we're focusing our efforts in two key areas, provide additional disclosure to help better model our business and provide greater detail around our growth strategy. First, on our disclosures. Following the Direct Energy acquisition and our move towards consumers, we're working on a comprehensive rework that will enhance your ability to model the value of the customer. In the meantime, I want to start with the new hedging methodology slide in the appendix of today's presentation, which should help shed light on our rigorous risk management and supply optimization program that helps stabilize our business. On growth, as I discussed earlier, we will be transparent in the process and I look forward to updating you on this throughout the year. Finally, while 2021 was a challenging year, today our company is stronger and more promising than ever before. I am very excited about 2022 and the significant opportunities we have to create shareholder value. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Amy, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Jonathan Arnold of Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, good morning guys.
Alberto Fornaro: Hey Jonathan, good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Mauricio, thank you for the mention on the new disclosures that you just made. I'm just curious, if you can give us some sort of gauge of when we might expect to see those? Is that kind of midyear, next quarter or later in the year just some framework there?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, Jonathan. So, I hope that you find useful the new hedging disclosures. And obviously Kevin will be available if you have any questions since this is a new information. With respect to the disclosures to help better model the value of the customer, my expectation is that, it will be done sometime either later in the year or beginning of next year. We are working hard to ensure that key performance indicators are aligned with our financial disclosures and we want to make sure that they are useful as opposed to rushing and giving you something midyear that you have to reconcile before and after. So, these type of changes I appreciate, they're always better at the end of the year. So you start with fresh slate. So I would -- that's -- I would think that it would be -- we're going to try to time it, when we are ready, when we believe is -- are going to be very useful. And when we don't make you do a lot of work in reconciling before and after. So I hope that this provides you some idea when we're planning to move.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. No very helpful. Thank you, Mauricio. And then, on the -- one thing I noticed was that you're now talking about growing into the credit metrics. I think before you'd said you anticipated being there by the end of 2023. So, is that a change or just me overreading the slide. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, I mean our commitment continues to be up 2.5 to 2.75. Obviously, we need to stay flexible. As you can appreciate there is a lot of things moving around this year. I mean it's a -- it continues to be a transition year because of the growth program that we have, the optimization that we have. So, our goal is to grow into the metrics. But obviously we will -- we have to remain flexible in this environment. And just Jonathan before I forget I wanted to make sure the additional hedging disclosures are available now and they're in the appendix of the presentation okay just to make sure that that's crystal clear.
Jonathan Arnold: Actually I had seen those and I was -- maybe I'll just ask a quick one on those while I have you. You're obviously giving a look that shows that you're I guess 15% over-hedged effectively or covered. I don't know how you would best describe it in ACA. Can you give us a little bit of an insight into how does that look by season? Is that sort of skewed winter versus summer? Just anything beyond just that kind of annual look.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes Jonathan. So, obviously, we feel comfortable providing the yearly disclosures. Why don't you start getting into the seasons, it is competitive-sensitive and in conversations with our commercial team, we wanted to make sure that we just provided this level of granularity to make sure that we don't compromise our commercial activities. So, I think that the two big takeaways from my perspective on the hedging slide is number one, we're pretty well hedged against our expected load. And then number two, it is a combination of electricity that we generate plus market purchases and our commercial team is responsible for optimizing between the two. So, that to me is a big takeaway on that slide and we wanted to just show how much our market purchases versus electric generation. One thing to note is this is just the economic generation in the money hedges, so you should assume also that we have some flex capacity that is out of the money both on the generation that we own and some of the tools and options that we buy from the market. So, just keep that in mind. 
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you very much for all the time guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Thank you for taking my question. If I look at, Mauricio, over the years when you've done M&A, often we get a year removed from the M&A, sometimes a little more, sometimes a little less and you guys start talking about upside to the synergy savings. How do you think now that we're a little more than a year removed from the Direct Energy acquisition and I know it's been a crazy year with Uri and everything else. Whether -- how do you assess whether there's potential upside either on broader cost management or cost management and synergy savings related to Direct?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes Michael. Good morning. So, obviously, the integration of Direct Energy was a three-year integration if you remember, Michael. And I am just very pleased with the performance of the team and achieving the synergies. We actually increase the synergies that we achieved in our first year. As we enter into the second year, I will tell you this I am incredibly comfortable that we're going to achieve them. But being mindful that this was a three-year program and we're literally just entering the second year. I will assess the potential of additional synergies. And I think what you should expect is throughout the year we will give you an update on our performance there. But I feel -- I remain very confident that we're going to achieve our numbers. And we'll give you an update if -- throughout the year we decide to update on that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one quick follow-up. If I just look at the balance sheet and this is going to get a little wonky, but like current assets is significantly higher than -- meaning if I look at things like accounts receivable and accounts payable, the spread between accounts receivable and accounts payable is about $1 billion a positive meaning AR is greater than AP and the current asset for derivative is significantly greater than the current liability. Those would imply that there's significant working capital cash inflows coming. But when I look at your free cash flow guidance, I don't think that's embedded. Am I just misreading that, or are there other things that significantly offset those items?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay. Michael, I will turn that over to Alberto. And obviously, as you said, I mean I think this was a little technical and we can always follow up with you. But I mean Alberto is there something that you want to add here.
Alberto Fornaro: I just want to point you to a couple of things Michael. First of all, the derivative is obviously -- on the derivative value is a combination of the addition of the gas business and the increase in the gas price. So that has in this case, particularly on the asset side increase the value of that. Regarding the comment on current assets, please consider that we have also the included in the current asset that is the proceeds from the securitization and so on. But having said that, obviously we have acquired another business and it has an increase -- has increased our needs in terms of working capital. We have put that under focus and rest assured that there are initiatives to keep that under control that will be taken. So overall, we are very confident about the projection that we have for it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And Michael, just to remind you, working capital was an area of focus during the transformation and we were very successful on that. We kind of have the road map on how to optimize our working capital and we're going to -- we are applying although those lessons learned through the integration of Direct Energy.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys. Much appreciated.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Zimbardo, Bank of America.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: I wanted to check in on kind of your achievement on the customer growth strategy and just any insights you can share on customer counts given some of the commodity volatility and if you're seeing any change in attrition recently?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean I'll pass it over to Elizabeth for the attrition, but I would say it's remained pretty constant. And I think that's what we experienced during the last year, our retention numbers were really good. So Elizabeth, do you want to provide a little color here?
Elizabeth Killinger: Yeah. Thanks for the question. We definitely achieved our customer count commitment for the year than what we had planned to achieve. We actually beat it by a bit. But as Mauricio mentioned, retention was extremely strong, really one of our best years ever. And that is a product of some of the efforts over the last kind of five years of increasing the tools and techniques we use, leveraging the data that we have to make sure we're putting the right renewal offers in front of customers that will entice them to stay with us. We did have some opportunity to recover in our sales channels as well with COVID, our face-to-face channels were set back quite a bit. And so we saw some improvements there. And then finally, on the DE integration front, we met or beat our expectations for retaining those customers. As you all know and have seen from us over the years as we acquire customers whether it's through M&A or small books, you do see some attrition in the year or two following that. And as long as we keep meeting or beating what we expect from that, we're going to be really pleased. But I'm super proud of the work the team has done from the frontline folks either face-to-face or in our call centers and the digital teams for all that they've done and I'm excited about the potential for 2022 and beyond. 
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. That's great to hear. And then a separate unrelated question. I know you all have been very proactive with some of the strategic asset sales as you repositioned the business. Do you see more opportunities to continue that trend and become more capital-light particularly on Texas on that theme?
Mauricio Gutierrez : Yes. I mean, as you know, we completed a pretty large divestiture in 2021 and the optimization of the portfolio is it's a focus of ours. As you remember on the Investor Day presentation, I said that in the growing the core is one of our key strategic priorities. That's going to continue. The North Star of that is we're going to have assets that better help us serve our customers. So whatever those are, they are core. And if not they're not core and we're going to look to optimize. Now with respect to Texas, obviously, we have our capital-light renewable PPA strategy that has been very successful close to 2.60 gigawatts. And we're going to continue to focus on that. We're constantly in the market. We're running RFPs basically on a continuous basis. We're going to be very selective on that. And it already has yielded tremendous value for us. And that's going to continue to be a focus now. As Texas is changing some of the market design changes to incentivize dispatchable generation, we are definitely looking into that. We have lots of sites that we can evaluate opportunities. And as we have done in the East, I mean, we're going to do it in Texas if we find the right partner, we're going to do it. But we're going to do it in a way that is a good use of our capital. So I expect that to continue. I know the teams are completely focused in evaluating additional opportunities that we have to bring additional supply to serve our customers. 
Paul Zimbardo: Great. Thank you very much.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Angie Storozynski of Seaport Global. 
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So given what's happening in Europe and your disclosures on gas hedges, is it fair to say that even though there's this wide expansion of the positive gas bases in New England that should not have any negative impact on your gas retail margins in 2022?
Mauricio Gutierrez: That's correct Angie. So…
Angie Storozynski: Okay.
Mauricio Gutierrez: That's correct Angie. And just to, perhaps put a little finer point on our natural gas business. You need to think about it as a logistics business, okay? We serve -- first of all, we don't take any commodity price risk like, NYMEX Henry Hub. Most of the risk that we have is around basis. And then within basis, as we're serving customers, we have access to a tremendous network of logistics pipeline capacity, LDC relationships. So, that network allows us to manage and optimize our basis risk. So based on the disclosures that we provided we feel very comfortable. Obviously, there is always risk to be managed. But I feel very comfortable where I sit today on that. Chris Moser, I don't know if there is anything that you want to add?
Chris Moser: No. I think you hit the high points. Thanks, Mauricio.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then…
Mauricio Gutierrez: Great.
Angie Storozynski: …secondly, I know you're going to be providing an update on your guidance, I think on the first quarter call. But just looking at the drivers that you showed us on the fourth quarter call, I mean, it seems like any issues with coal and trona supplies have sort of subsided. Then, power prices in Texas this winter has been really weak. So the outage at your coal plant shouldn't be very painful from an EBITDA perspective. I'm kind of struggling to see what are the offsets to those mitigating factors to the negatives that you showed us on the year-over-year change between 2021 and 2022 EBITDA?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes Angie. So if you remember, we provided you, I think we call it, transitory items on all three, I think they're very constructive and positive signs that we're going to mitigate them. Obviously, we're just in February. So I want to wait for the first quarter call. But Alberto, can you just provide a little bit more specificity on where we are on all these the three items that we highlighted on the last earnings?
Alberto Fornaro: Absolutely. First of all, we can confirm that, with regards to Limestone we still expect that Unit 1 will be back running in mid-April and the amount of the impact that we have quantified being $50 million during our third quarter call is basically confirmed. Let me just also remind you that, we have not included in 2022 any reimbursement from insurance coming both for property damages and business interruption, first of all, because it is difficult to quantify, and normally it's a long process to get there. But second, because we expect it to happen in 2023. We are working on it. But again, as I said, it's a long process. Second, regarding the coal supply chain, we quantified it in $100 million of which $60 million taxes and $40 million in the East as Mauricio has said, so far, we have been able to make some progress against [Indiscernible]. We confirm at this moment the same number and we will update you in Q3. And regarding the Texas ancillary services which was an impact of $70 million. We confirm the numbers and the actions that we have taken which is basically we pass through the increases in price with the exception to all the customer with the exception where we have a fixed rate contract and this will naturally happen when this contract will be renewed.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. And just to, I guess put a little finer point on the ancillary services as the customers that are reopening contracts will be able to pass through these ancillary services. I think of it as a change in law if you remember Angie. So, I think there is an opportunity for those customers that we couldn't pass it through we will in the reopening. And then, I am just incredibly pleased with the commercial team and how they've been managing the supply chain constraints around coal. We're still in the middle of the winter, but so far they've done a fantastic job and we will have an opportunity to provide you additional visibility and quantify that in the next earnings call.
Angie Storozynski: Good. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Great. Thank you, Angie.
Mauricio Gutierrez: So with that, I want to thank you all for your interest and look forward to updating you on our exciting growth plan and other priorities throughout the year. Thank you and stay safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc.'s Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations, to read the Safe Harbor and introduce the call.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Benjamin. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy’s third quarter 2021 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this morning by Alberto Fornaro, Chief Financial Officer, also on the call and available for questions; we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Home Retail; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. I'd like to start on Slide 4 of today's presentation. Our consumer services platform performed well through this summer and delivered stable results. We are narrowing our 2021 financial guidance at the low end of the range and initiating 2022 financial guidance. Our platform is navigating the unprecedented supply chain constraints, and we are actively working to mitigate the financial impact. Finally, we continue to make progress on our five-year growth plan. In the near-term, we are focused on the Direct Energy integration, organic growth in power and gas, and expanding our customer base with dual product options. Moving to the financial and operational results for the third quarter on Slide 5. Beginning on the left-hand side of this slide, I want to start with safety. We delivered another quarter of top decile safety performance. This marks 10 straight quarters at this level of performance, a testament towards our strong safety culture. As we continue our return to the office, the safety and well-being of our employees remains our top priority. During the third quarter, we delivered $767 million of adjusted EBITDA, which brings our year-to-date results to $1.99 billion, or 19% higher than the previous year, driven primarily by the acquisition of Direct Energy. We are, however, narrowing our 2021 guidance to the lower half of the range, primarily as a result of unanticipated supply chain constraints impacting fourth quarter results. This will also impact 2022 guidance, which I will address shortly. During the quarter, we made good progress on our key strategic initiatives. First, Direct Energy integration is well ahead of pace, achieving a $144 million year-to-date, or 107% of the original full-year plan. We are increasing our 2021 target to $175 million, which reflects the early realization of synergy targets in 2021. We are maintaining the full plan target of $300 million run rate in 2023. Next, in ERCOT, the PUCT continues to advance necessary actions to improve market reliability. In October, the PUCT implemented phase 1 of the winter weatherization standards, which will be in effect for these upcoming winter. This weatherization standard adopts best practices and addresses weather-related issues that are current during yearly. We are making the necessary investments in our fleet to be in compliance and ready for winter operations. On market design, the PUCT remains focused on our comprehensive solution to improve reliability and incentivize dispatchable resources. At NRG, we support this direction and have taken a leading role in offering ideas for the PUCT's consideration. We have proposed a comprehensive solution to prioritize reliability and achieve it through competitive solutions. The PUCT also approved the final orders for securitization to ensure a healthy and competitive market. I want to commend and thank the governor, legislature, and PUCT for tirelessly working to address the issues Uri exposed and to harden the ERCOT system and protecting the integrity of the competitive markets that have benefited consumers over the years. Now, turning to Home Retail. We continue to advance our best-in-class customer experience during the quarter. Our Reliant brand was recognized with two awards during the quarter. The North American Customer Centricity Award in the Crisis Management category, and the 2021 Innovation Leader Impact Award for the Make It Solar offering, which is our renewable energy initiative that allows customers to support solar energy without installing panels. Now, moving to the right-hand side of this slide to discuss 2022. First, as we detailed during our June Investor Day, 2022 is a staging year for high-grading our business and achieving our five-year 15% to 20% free cash flow per share growth plan. In 2022, we remain focused on integrating Direct Energy and achieving the plants high-quality synergies, removing or streamlining our East generation business that continues to weigh on our valuation, given earnings and terminal value concerns that otherwise would have masked our retail growth, deploying smaller amounts of capital to prepare the platform for growth and returning a significant amount of capital to shareholders. With that, we're introducing 2022 financial guidance of $1.95 billion to $2.25 billion of adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth of $1.14 to $1.44 billion. This guidance reflects our plan to fully realize our planned synergies and to streamline our East generation business. Also impacting this guidance are temporary impacts from unforeseen supply chain constraints, ancillary services charges in ERCOT, and our previously announced Limestone Unit 1 outage through April 2022. But leave no doubt. Now that we have identified these near-term headwinds, we are focused on mitigating these impacts into 2022. Finally, we are also announcing an 8% increase in our 2022 dividend in line with our stated dividend growth rate of 7% to 9%. Now, let me turn the call over to Alberto for a more detailed financial review. And after, I will discuss how we are advancing our Consumer Services five-year roadmap. Alberto?
Alberto Fornaro: Thank you, Mauricio. Moving to the quarterly results, I will now turn to Slide 7 for a brief review of our financials. For the quarter, NRG delivered $767 million in adjusted EBITDA, or $15 million higher than the third quarter of last year. The increase in consolidated earnings was driven by the acquisition of Direct Energy and related additional synergies achieved in Q3, partially offset by the impact of the outage at Tower Limestone Unit 1 facility and other headwinds related to the onset of supply Country constraints. Specifically by region, the East benefited by $89 million, driven by the expected contribution from the Direct Energy acquisition and some incremental synergies and cost savings. This benefit was partially offset by reduced volume in our sale of power, as well as lower profitability through our PJM coal fleet due to supply chain constraints for chemical necessary to ran the environmental controls. Next, our Texas region decreased by $68 million due to the higher supplier cost to serve our retail load. With the outage of Limestone Unit 1, we had to purchase higher priced supply to supplement this lost generation. This increase in supply cost was partially offset by the contribution from the Direct Energy acquisition. As a reminder, we benefited last year from exceptionally low market power prices realized during the COVID-driven economic shutdown, and a favorable mix in usage between home and business customers. The free cash flow before growth in the quarter was $395 million, a reduction of $230 million year-over-year, driven primarily by two factors, a $75 million increase in cash interest due to the $3 billion in Direct Energy financing in late 2020 and second is the movement in inventory. During Q3, 2020, we reduced inventory by $60 million, driven by seasonal trends and coal utilization. While during Q3, 2021, we built up inventories by $75 million, mostly for the seasonal needs of the gas business. This overall resulted in $135 million negative cash flow [Indiscernible]. On a year-to-date basis, our progress in terms of incremental profitability [Indiscernible] and driven by the acquisition of Direct Energy. Our expectation for the next impact for [Indiscernible] remains at $500 million to $700 million, with the $10 million increase in 1 time costs, offset by a similar increase in the range of expecting mitigants now that positive developments at the Texas legislator and increase the probability of recouping some of our Uri losses. The total negative cash impact as shift this slightly as the estimated bill credits or old to large commercial and industrial customer. Have been reduced by higher billings in 2021. As a consequence, that 2021 Uri negative cash impact has increased by 85 million with their current funding movement in 2022. We expect to receive the majority of the securitization proceeds during the first quarter of 2022 with a possible first tranche later this year. Now, turning to the Direct Energy Integration, we are confirming our goal to achieve a run rate of $300 million synergies by 2023. During 2021, we have identified farther areas for cost synergies and were able to realize certain synergies earlier than anticipated. Overall, we are on track to achieve $175 million of synergy for 2021 with 144 million realize the year-to-date. Synergy expectation, As well as one-time cost savings achieved so far, are fully embedded respectively in our 2021 guidance and year-to-date actuals. As you are all familiar, supply chain constraints are affecting many industry across the country and they are affecting our operation as well. In addition to our Limestone Unit 1 outage, which has now extended to meet April 2022, constraints in the availability of coal are impacting both costs and volumes. In addition, our Midwest generation coal plants are impacted by shortfall in necessary chemicals to run the environmental controls of the fleet. Due to these constraints, we are now narrowing our guidance to the lower end of our original guidance to $2.4 to $2.5 billion. We are currently near the bottom of this range, but we are working intensively to improve our results. Consequently, we also narrowed our free cash flow before growth guidance to $1.44 billion to $1.54 billion. Moving to Slide 8, we are initiating guidance for 2022 to $1.95 billion to $2.25 billion. This is a significant decrease from our current 2021 results, driven by 3 elements as laid-out on these lines. Plant [Indiscernible] of east and west power plants, and deactivation of our Midwest generation, already highlighted in the Investor Day. The reduction in the New York City capacity revenues and the impact from the transitory costs that are related to 2022. As mentioned above, the contribution from Direct Energy would increase in 2022 by $130 million driven by the anticipated increase in synergies. We have already realized more synergy benefits in 2021, accelerating some action. And Therefore, we believe that we can achieve our target for 2022 of $225 million. Next, we anticipated the sale of our east and west assets to close next month for a net of $620 million in sales proceeds, reducing EBITDA by $100 million going forward. With a retirement of our core assets in the east, in mid-2022, EBITDA will decreased by $90 million in the year. In addition, due to change in New York capacity market parameters, capacity prices have decreased on a more permanent basis affecting our Astoria, And after keel facilities and reducing EBITDA by further -- further $30 million. Mentionable, we are experiencing a onetime extended forced outage at our Limestone Unit 1 facility. And what we believe to be transitory supply chain constraints that are negatively impacting 2022 results and we expect to correct them in 2023. With increased power prices, the extended outage at our limestone facility is increasing our supply cost by $50 million to April 2022 [Indiscernible] constraints on coal and chemical deliveries and commodity price, we expect fuel and supply cost to increase by $100 million in 2022 while returning to normal levels if future year. Lastly with the change in the AdCos market, we are expecting an increase in ancillary charges that were initiated after we contracted customer and were not included in our margin price. In the future, these costs will be included in future contract prices. But during 2022, we will incur an incremental $70 million of ancillary costs. This outcome is negative to us and our management team is working tirelessly to mitigate these incremental costs as best as possible, including further one-time proceedings opportunity. Due to an increased volatility in these environments, we are also increasing the range of our guidance with expectation that we can identify enough mitigants. In 2022 to offset a portion of these costs. The deduction in any EBITDA is the primary driver for the lower free cash flow before growth. I will now turn to Slide 9 where we are updating our plan 2021 capital allocation. In the past, our practice on this large, is to highlight changes from last quarter in blue, starting from the left most column, we have updated the 2021 excess cash with the latest the free cash flow midpoint to $1.49 billion, reducing available cash by 50 million. Moving to the Winter Storm Uri and as discussed before, that midpoint for the net estimated cash impact for Winter Storm Uri remains at $600 million, but given the increased utilization of customer credit in 2021, the net cash impact after assuming mitigants has increased to $535 million in 2021, and decreased by the same amount in 2022 to only $65 million. As you're aware, the much securitization builds HB4492 and SB1580 have been approved and the regulation has been finalized by our [Indiscernible] and the PUCT. We anticipate that the main portion of the financing and release of funds will occur during the first quarter of 2022. Moving to the next column, to pursue our targeted net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio. We completed the delivering of $250 million. Plus early redemption fees of $64 million in Q3, totaling $319 million. Finally, we have added the anticipated sale of 4.8 gigawatt to our generation in the Easter-west regions, the net cash proceeds of $620 million will be utilized powerfully for data reduction. $500 million to maintain leverage and impact. After incremental fees of $16 million, the remaining 104 million will be available for general capital allocation. This leaves $375 million our remaining capital for allocation, and this capital is dependent on the successful conclusion of securitization process. Finally, of late after reducing our corporate debt balance for 2021, debt delivering and for the minimum cash, our 2021 net debt balance will be approximately $7.9 billion, which when based at the midpoint of adjusted EBITDA implies a ratio slightly above 3 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA. As discussed during Investor Day, given our growth profile, our goal is to achieve investment-grade metrics or 2.5 to 2.75 net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio. We remain committed with strong balance Sheet, and continued to target it 2.5 to 2.75 ratio, primarily through the full realization of Direct Energy land rate earnings back to you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank Alberto. So turning to Slide 12, I want to provide an update on our progress executing our five-year growth roadmap. As I told you at Investor Day, two of our strategic priorities are to optimize the core and to grow the core. Optimizing the core will focus on strengthening our power and gas businesses, completing the Direct Energy Integration and continuing the decarbonization of our generation fleet. The Direct Energy transaction significantly increased our scale and materially enhance our natural gas capabilities. This created 2 near-term opportunities, increasing our number of pure natural gas customers, and expanding our dual product capabilities within our existing network of customers. Efforts in both of these areas are well underway, and we will leverage the collective experience of NRG and NRG Energy teams to execute on our growth in these targeted areas. In addition to natural gas and dual product customer growth, we will continue to invest in our core power business to extend our market-leading position in competitive retail electricity by continuing to meet the customers where they are, and to deliver the innovation that customers have come to expect from NRG, and its family of brands. The Direct Energy Integration is well on track and today, we are reiterating our full synergy plan targets. Upon closing Direct Energy, we immediately begun rationalizing offices in areas with significant employee geographic overlap and completed a number of critical system consolidations without any meaningful impact to the operations of the Company. Given that the integration is being led by the same team responsible for executing the transformation plan, we are highly confident in our ability to achieve the synergy targets that we have shared with you. Our portfolio decarbonization efforts remain ongoing. The 4.8 gigawatt asset sale to ArcLight remains on track to close by year-end with only New York PSC approval outstanding. We have 1.6 gigawatts of coal assets in PJM slated to retire in mid-2022 with the remainder of our PJM fleet under strategic review. We continue to execute on our renewable PPA strategy, having signed 2.7 gigawatts nationally, and expect to procure more renewable power through additional air-force for solar, wind, and battery storage in our core markets. Now, shifting to grow the quarter, our objectives are centered around distinct customer experiences in both Power Services and Home Services. As we work to shape these distinct customer experiences, we will break them down into discrete pieces and apply a test and learn discipline in order to refine our customer value proposition, optimal business model, and go-to-market strategy. By starting small, it allows us to stay nimble and deploy limited capital while gathering critical market intelligence to inform how we approach these new customer offerings for sustained long-term growth. 2022 will serve as a staging year where we will be focused on the test and learn environment [Indiscernible] discussed. Although this staging year will not be as growth capital intensive as the later years, it is a crucial year in which we will need to develop data back conviction in our initiatives in order to have the confidence to deploy more significant capital in 2023 and 2024. We will be sure to share more on our 2022 efforts as the year progresses. Now, as we're turning our attention to 2022 with limited cost on our capital, I want to take a moment to review our capital allocation framework and capital available for allocation. Beginning on the left hand side of this slide, we expect to have over $1.6 billion in capital available for allocation, including 375 million of on allocated cash from 2021. We will apply our capital allocation principles that are outlining the right side of this slide. Beyond sake and operational excellence, our first use of capital for allocation is to achieve and maintain a strong balance sheet. Our focus is to grow into our target metrics of 2.5 to 2.75 times by the end of 2023, resulting in the vast majority of our excess cash to be available for allocation throughout our 50% return of capital and 50% opportunistic frameworks. I look forward to providing you a comprehensive capital allocation update on our next earnings call. But these should give you a good idea of our financial flexibility. I am proud of the strength of our platform that despite near-term supply chain constraints, continues to provide our customers differentiated products and services. And for our shareholders, the financial flexibility to both execute our ambitious five-year growth, plan while returning significant cash to our investors. Now turning to Slide 14, I want to provide a few closing thoughts on today's presentation. During the third quarter, we continue to make significant progress on our strategic priorities, but we still have work to do this year. Over the remainder of the year, we expect to close on our announced asset sales and saw consequently execute on our capital allocation priorities. As we move into 2022, I am confident our platform is well-positioned to deliver strong and predictable results and create significant shareholder value. So with that, Benjamin will open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Hey, good morning, Julien.
Alberto Fornaro: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning. So just to kick things off real quickly, I understand the markets are dynamic and turbulent here. Can you just walk through a little bit more on the coal supply chain basically. And when are you expecting this to resolve itself? And more specifically, how much of this is realized versus unrealized? I just want to understand really the level of further exposure that could exist here as you think about your level of confidence in getting the supplies that you are anticipating to get, if you will?
Mauricio Gutierrez : Yes, Julien. So let me start by – we’ve all seen and experienced a pretty solid increase in natural gas prices. So when natural gas prices move up, where coal-generation flexes up and that caused a stress in the coal supply chain because I mean, we have been, for the past four or five years, generating at a certain level, not only us, but the entire coal-generation industry. So when you rapidly flex up, your coal supply chain doesn't flex up as quickly as you would like it to be, whether it's the commodity, the delivery, which is rail or chemicals, which is to control the emissions. Now, when that happens, in a normal circumstance, we will use that incremental generation to serve our month-to-month customers that are on their variable pricing. Now, when we are constrained, when we cannot flex up because of the supply constraints, then we have to go-to-market and procure at higher prices, which means then we have to make a decision, how much of these higher cost we pass through our customers. Keep in mind that we are balancing here margin stability and retention. So -- and one of the objectives that we have when we see these sudden increases -- short-term sudden increases, we don't want to cause a bill shock to our customers. We want to make sure that we maintain that we pass some of the cost, but not all of the cost. Obviously in the mid and the long-term, you can pass all the costs. But in the short-term, you really want to avoid bill shocks because if you lose the customer, you're also going to spend money in acquiring back the customer. So that's why this is a very deliberate, this is a balancing act between margin and stability and retention. Now, in terms of the duration of these, I expect these to be primarily in the first-half of the year. I think this will ease off in the second half because supply chain and the coal supply chain will respond to increasing pricing levels. Now to your question around realized and unrealized, most of these right now is on realized, but - because these are month-to-month customers. So, we have some levers to mitigate the impact. I mean, the first one is, obviously, how do we optimize our coal generation? Should we be looking only at running when you have really high-margin hours and then backing down in low-margin hours? We are in constant communication and testing the market in terms of our retail pricing strategy and priorities. I mean, the other leverage, Direct Energy synergies, and we're going to continue looking at if we can expand those Direct Energy synergies. And then finally, as you mentioned, I mean, this is a very evolving story, so things can change fairly quickly, just like the entire system moved up in the back of natural gas. It can come back down to more normal levels, and therefore, this will -- these constraints will ease, and we'll be back to a more normalized, I guess, environment. So I hope that these provides you that that framework and that explanation on what we're seeing today.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Excellent. And just to be clear about this, basically, it was more about the gas price increasing and you wanting to ramp per coal-to-gas switching, your coal gen, such that when you think about the existing commitment that you had on rail, et cetera, those remain intact here, if you will, coming into this fall season and into next year. And also, if I can throw out just the third question super quickly, can you just reaffirm here your expectations on '23? And otherwise I think I heard that already in the commentary, just want to make sure, we're crystal clear on the transient nature of these factors here, especially against your '23?
Mauricio Gutierrez : Absolutely. And I think that's what – that’s how we wanted to lay it out for all of you. I mean, there - we think of this as transitory, specifically for 2022, both some of these supply chain plus the outage in Limestone, I expect that to normalize in 2023 and that's why we wanted to provide you the earnings power of our platform on a – in a normalized basis ‘23 and beyond.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Okay. We'll leave it there. Thank you, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Just curious you talked about a lot of these things being kind of abnormal or one-off items. As you think about the opportunity set for investing capital, would you be willing to push out the date you get to the 2.25 to 2.75 net debt to EBITDA to use capital for either a gross initiatives that generates a really high return or to use it to repurchase equity, which may generate an equally higher or even higher return? How do you evaluate when the market gives you opportunities that may be transient in nature about the timing of wanting to do debt pay down versus the timing of other more accretive investments?
Mauricio Gutierrez : Yes, Michael, I mean, we're always have to be flexible and aware of the opportunities that we have, right? I mean, we cannot be tone-deaf to what is happening around the organization around our markets. I believe that the value proposition of NRG, it is this balance approach of maintaining a strong balance sheet, returning capital to shareholders and growing the Company now. And that we have a tremendous opportunity on growing into these customer service or consumer service opportunities that we see in the market. So we're very, very excited about that. Now, having said that, I expect 2022 to perhaps be a little bit lighter on the investing in growth as opposed to '23, '24, and '25. What that means is, the business -- our business that is generating tremendous excess cash over $1.6 billion. We're going to be using our capital allocation principles, which is going to be returning capital to shareholders and growing. But since we're going to be only deploying, I would say a smaller part in 2022, I think, you should expect our share of returning capital to be bigger than the 50% that we have indicated in the past. So that's how I would think about it. Now, we continue -- we remain committed to our 2.5 to 2.75 by 2023 and we expect what achieve that through growing our EBITDA. And we grow the EBITDA by executing on the Direct Energy synergies and now with the incremental growth EBITDA that we can generate. So that's how I would frame it. Michael, obviously, we'll remain flexible, we'll remain opportunistic and we are not going to be tone-deaf to what we -- the opportunities that we will see in the market.
Michael Lapides : Got it. How do you think about for 2022 cash available for allocation? About when you would make the decisions on the other 50%.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Well, I mean our plan would be to provide you a lot more clarity in the next earnings call. We would have that point. Identify what goes to growth investments and what we're going to do to return capital to shareholders. But I think -- I hope that the number that we provided you today. Gives you have a pretty good idea in terms of the magnitude of the excess cash that we have and where are we leaning and where do we see the opportunities to create value. I have said in the past, I believe that buying back our shares at discount creates value for our shareholders. Since I took over as CEO, we have bought back close to 25% of all the shares outstanding. So this is something that we're going to continue doing, is part of our value proposition, and we're going to remain opportunistic about it.
Michael Lapides : Got it. And hey, last question I'll be quick here. Just curious when the Board, and we can look at the various financial metrics in the proxy that outline with the goals of the Company. But just curious when you have conversations with the Board, what tends to be most important, EBITDA growth, free cash flow per share growth, or is there another metric we should think about?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, Michael, I will tell you. It's always free cash flow per share growth because that's what matters to our shareholders. The per-share metrics, and we've outlined a 15% to 20% free cash flow per share growth in our 5-year plan. I think that's very, very compelling. We have the excess cash to execute on that both in terms of growing the numerator and then reducing the denominator while maintaining a strong Balance Sheet. So I think this balanced approach serves us well in the long run. Perhaps in the short-term, there may be other things that people want to do but I'm looking at long term value creation for our shareholders here.
Michael Lapides : Got it. Thank you guys. Appreciate it Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Well, sorry to sort of beat on this a little bit, but I just want to get a bit of a stronger sense and I'm still getting questions here on it. The '22 guidance walk is the normalized '22 EBITDA before transitory cost kind of a fair run rate target, as we're thinking about future years and sort of the significant coal supply chain cost, can they be mitigate d if this isn't a short-term headwind? I mean, why assume this is transitory, especially if the gas curve has longevity? And then, the Texas ancillary service charges in bucket 2, what are those exactly again?
Mauricio Gutierrez : The ancillary service was ERCOT instituted a short-term increasing ancillaries to maintain their reliable Think of the system. Chris, do you want to provide a little bit more specifically around and before I go into the before I pass it on to you, I just want to make sure that everybody understands our run rate. we actually have it on slide 8. We have normalized that to around $2.32 billion. And we say they're transitory, because the transitory supply chain is, when you're flexing off your coal generation, their supply chain takes a little time. I think about mining railroad sets that are allocated to call and chemicals. You can -- when the plant, can flex up fairly quickly. A supply chain that has been sized for the type of generation that we have experienced for the past five or six years. It doesn't flex up that quickly, so that's why I said it's going to take a little bit of time. I expect this to be in the first-half of the year. I think this is going to ease off in the second-half of the year, so that's why I refer to them as transitory. But, Chris, can you just go into detail around the ancillary service s?
Christopher Moser : Yeah. Shahriar, they moved up responsive a little bit, couple of 100 megawatts. But the big change that they made in the middle of the summer last year was then moved up the non-spend requirements and that was by a factor depending on the hour and the day between 2 and three X. So that's been the bigger of the two impacts in terms of ancillary changes that they've made so far. Now, we're still waiting to see PUCT is a hard working sessions. And we've seen a memo from Chairman Lake detailing his thoughts. There is plenty of debate about, hey, what do we want to do on ancillaries going forward and certainly on the ORDC parameters too? Brattle group is coming in. They're going to study various combinations of, at what part of reserves should you start ORDC to kick in, at what slope should incline and whereas the cap, kind of a thing. There's a lot of moving pieces right now in terms of market designs that should be according to the schedule that I've seen nailed down by mid to late December. I think that they're planning on posting something around December 20, which will be their pick of ORDC changes, whether or not they have a winter fuel ancillary in there which is different than these 2 ancillaries I am talking about, what level that they want for the non-spend. And then also we've been advocating for an LSD obligation that would phase in over a couple of years. And Chairman Lake included that in his memo too so -- and there's a bunch of market design stuff that's moving that we'll be getting to here as we get to the end of the year.
Mauricio Gutierrez : And now, Shahriar, just to be still to be clear. Some of these ancillary costs that preceded describing a lot of them, we pass them through already, our customers, some of them we -- like I said, we don't want to create a bill shock. So in the medium to long run, all of these ancillaries will be passed through to customers. But in the short-term, we're managing these bill shock versus stability of margin and our retention numbers, just keep that in mind. That's why I call this transitory.
Shahriar Pourreza: Right.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And over the medium to long run they all make it -- to pass it out.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then, just lastly, you added 500 megawatts of PPAs in ERCOT last quarter. Can you maybe just unpack this a little bit? What's behind this? What are you seeing in the market right now? And more importantly, does some of these input cost pressures in specifically the renewable space, could that potentially impact your future PPA opportunities? Thanks, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Yes, once again, I think that's in short term. We are seeing some supply chain issues in the solar, particularly in solar. We are going to be constantly in the market running RSPs to get solar wind and we are actually now looking at batteries. They continue to be very attractive from an economic standpoint. We are probably taking off our feet from the pedal just because it's -- we are aware of the supply chain, so we are slowing down a little bit on these PPAs. We want to see how these works out and then re-engage. I think that's the prudent thing to do. I'm very pleased with where we are today in terms of the PPAs that we have been able to sign and the economics that we have been able to achieve. But I also recognize that there is a transitory issue right now with supply chain that I don't want to be signing PPA's at higher costs. We've been very disciplined in terms of where we actually execute these PPAs. So my expectation is it has slowed down over the past couple of months, I think it's going to continue like that. And we're going to start picking up when we start seeing these supply chain issues ease off a little bit.
Shahriar Pourreza: Great. Thanks, guys. I'll stop there. Appreciate it.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Thank you, Shahriar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Another [Indiscernible] in cost as gas prices which is also lifting up power prices and you don't mention that as a pressure in '22. Is that something that you feel like you're able to pass along to customers essentially or is that also kind -- because there is some lag and things and everything like how much is that additional pressure?
Mauricio Gutierrez: So think about this in 2 markets now that we have a power and gas business. So let me start with the gas business perhaps because that's the newest for all of you on the -- our ownership. Our gas business, think of it as a logistics business. We don't take commodity price risk. Every time we sign a customer, we back-to-back it with natural gas. And as part of that, we get a tremendous amount of, call it assets pipeline, storage, LDC relationships. So that infrastructure gives us the ability to manage some of the volatility that exist.
Alberto Fornaro : Less on the price of nymex and more on the basis. So I feel very confident that our team has the ability to manage because of that very large infrastructure network -- natural gas networks that we have. So I'm actually quite comfortable with the exposure of our higher natural gas prices on our natural gas business. And then on the power side, I think we -- I already described it, Steve, in terms of higher gas prices, you have this issue on the coal constraints, but in general, think of these almost as inflationary pressure. We can pass it through and we actually choose to pass some of that. In the long term -- in the medium to long term you pass everything. And it's going to be a balancing act between -- you don't want to
Mauricio Gutierrez : cause a bill shock to our customers, at the same time you want to manage stable margins and good retention numbers, which are very, very compelling on our business. So that's how I'm thinking about it and that's why -- I mean, if it's a structurally higher gas prices, I don't have a big issue with that. I mean, the issue it always comes when gas prices move up very, very quickly. And then you have these constraints on the coal supply chain, and that's what we are addressing these here as transitory.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just more explicitly asking, I think what others maybe were earlier. The -- obviously when you look at debt to EBITDA targets, EBITDA is lower. It affect meaningfully where you are. Just this '22 EBITDA guidance. Are you going to be targeting off of that or are you just going to say this is not normal and we're just going to ignore it?
Mauricio Gutierrez : I think you need to recognize that '22 is a transition year and our commitment is achieving this in 2023, which we expect to go back to our normalized earnings. So when you're thinking about our trajectory from where we are today to how we get to 2023, you always have to take into consideration this on anticipated issue that we're seeing on the supply chain. So we remain committed for 2023. We believe that we can get to those credit metrics by growing into them now, not only Direct Energy synergies, but also additional growth EBITDA that we can execute on. And that's how I think about it. So I wouldn't read too much into the number in 2022. I think what is important is our objective in 2023.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Seaport.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I wanted to start with a question about buybacks. And they need to support the stock clarity. Okay. Well, I understand that the Board usually makes those decisions in the fourth quarter. Well, I'll argue that given today's updates, an earlier decision would have been badly needed. Your peer made some unique decisions on that front. You guys -- seems like most of the money that would go to buybacks is not going to materialize anytime soon, and again, there is a need to support the stock. So would you be open to some unorthodox solutions here to again accelerate the buybacks either -- I don't know, either use revolver or something else to just support the stock now?
Mauricio Gutierrez : Well, as I said Angie, the first thing is I think the value proposition of NRG has always been this balanced approach between a strong Balance Sheet, returning capital and growing. So what you're describing is basically levering up to buy back stock. And at this point that's not our focus. Our focus is on continued executing on this balanced approach. But like I said, we are generating tremendous excess cash in the next 13 months. We're going to be deploying that consistently with our target allocation principles. That already gives you an indication. I described as the floor on share buybacks because you can clearly see the $1.6 billion of excess cash. You can look at -- if that's a 50/50, then you know what the dividend number is. You can be confident that the share buybacks that gets us to the 50%, that's -- you should think of that as the floor. And then on the opportunistic deployment of the other 50%, that's what we're talking about, right? That's what we're going to be flexing off. We want to be opportunistic about it. But I also want to I want to stay true to the value proposition that we have indicated to our shareholders. We're not going to become the FNG, and we're going to evaluate all the options that are available to us. And I think our record of execution should tell you that if there is a deep discount on our shares, we will react accordingly and we have done that in the past.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then the second question. So my initial take when I read the press release, was that all of these issues that are weighing on that 2.3 to normalize EBITDA are related to generation. But really, if you listen to the discussion so far on this call, it seems like all of them are retail related. And again, I know that you're no longer differentiating between generation and retail but it seems like your pitch is an attempt to protect those retail margins when all of these charges that we're talking about should have been weighing the profitability of the retail book. And again, I understand you don't separate, but again, to me it just seems like there is a weakening of the profitability of that large retail book for various reasons, some of which you do not control. But I feel like you are attempting to make it seem like it's on the generation side when it seems like it's more on the retail side.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Well, Angie, it stems from the generation side because when you actually -- if we actually, in a normal circumstance, if our coal generation was able to flex off, we always plan to use that additional megawatts to cover our month-on-month customers. We don't have it and the market indicates that we should, but because we have these constraints, we cannot flex that off. We have to buy it as replacement cost. So I wouldn't characterize it as a retail thing. I think that's the -- I'm trying to connect the two so you understand the reason why this is happening. It stems from the generation side but if I actually had a heat rate call option on gas, I wouldn't be having this conversation. We would be able to flex up those megawatts and serve our month-to-month customers. So, I just want to be careful that I actually wouldn't characterize it as a retail concern. This is basically starts with an issue on coal supply that impacts our coal-generation economics which then impacts how we were thinking about managing those month-to-month customers than your pricing every month on a continuous basis.
Angie Storozynski: So just one follow-up here because I guess if the -- I don't quite understand that the hedging strategy here, because I would have thought your -- you had your retail book using economic generation at the time of the hedge. And so in light of the higher power prices they economic generation from has in coal plants has increased. You don't really have many gas plants, so there's not much of a detriment. So there should be potential excess generation from the coal plans which -- okay, it's not materializing because you don't have access to incremental coal supplies, but why would it be a drag versus the initial hedge?
Mauricio Gutierrez : Well, because the month-to-month, you don't have an initial hedge on the month-to-month. You hedge against your fixed price low. And like I said, we are passing some of that cost, but not all of the cost. So on the month-to-month, because you have this desirable pricing, you have some but the extent that we have seen in terms of the increase in gas prices that impact power prices, really has put us in a position where we need to make a decision, do we want to pass through all of these at the expense of retention or not? But it all stems from the fact that we cannot flex up our coal generation because of these supply constraint issues.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Yeah, good morning, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Hey Jonathan. Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold : Hi. A couple of things. Could you just give us a little more on what exactly happened at Limestone, what caused the extension and how confident are you that they will come back in April. And maybe quantify that what the impact in '21 has been, or is expected to be.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Sure, Jonathan, Chris?
Christopher Moser : Yes, Jonathan, this is Chris. In terms of what happened at Limestone, the duct that connects the back-end controls to the stack collapsed, and so we've gone through the demolition part of that, still finalizing root cause, but very close on that. And we are well underway on the restoration plan, which is expected to be done in April 15, right in the middle of April.
Jonathan Arnold : Okay.
Mauricio Gutierrez : It will be -- the plant will be available ahead of the summer.
Jonathan Arnold : Do you have business interruption what have you insurance on that -- these assumptions?
Christopher Moser : Yes, there's property damage and business interruption, but that will take a little while to work through right. But we notified them. They've been working through it with on the process as we've been going in terms of demolition and the reconstruction of it.
Jonathan Arnold : Okay. And then obviously, you mentioned you're confident that these pressures are going to moderate in the second half, is that what's assumed in the 100 million on Slide 8 or could that number increase if you don't see that moderation in the back half of the year?
Mauricio Gutierrez : Yes. So our number incorporates our expectation. What we're right now seeing and hearing from our railroad partners and coal suppliers So this is reflected in this number. Obviously, we're working hard to mitigate this and I already listed a few of the things that we're going to mitigate. We're going to be working harder. I'm not pleased with it and I don't want -- these are not realize, these are unrealized and as long as they're unrealized There is some opportunity to get back to normal number. And then if they, if it gets better, quicker than you can expect upside if it gets worse than we will try to mitigate things. I think we're getting ahead of it, we have a pretty good we believe in terms of how we can mitigate these for 2022. But yes, that's how I would characterize it.
Jonathan Arnold : But you're not assuming mitigation currently, right?
Christopher Moser : No.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then finally, on this normalized '22 number, so we're trying to think about what that looks like. Beyond ' 22. We'd add incremental direct synergies, right?
Mauricio Gutierrez : Correct.
Jonathan Arnold : Which are -- could you remind me.
Mauricio Gutierrez : So we have about a $110 million in 2023 in addition to 2. [Indiscernible], I think that's what we -- and obviously, this is just another lever that we're working hard. I'm very pleased to see where we are on synergies year-to-date. But we're always going to be looking at additional opportunities to make our platform more efficient.
Jonathan Arnold : Okay. So 110 on top of the 2.32 that you would expect, and you're also hoping clearly exceed that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Correct. And then also keep in mind that you have the remaining of the PJM assets, which is about $40 million, a unit to the [Indiscernible] in order to complete their normalization of your exercise.
Jonathan Arnold : I see that. Great. Thank you very much.
Mauricio Gutierrez : All right. Great. Thanks, Jon.
Operator: It is all the time we have for questions. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'll now pass it to Mauricio Gutierrez for closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez : Thank you, Benjamin. Well, thank you, everybody, for your interest in NRG, and I look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Ray. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts.  Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law.  In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding the non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation.  And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this morning by Alberto Fornaro, Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Home Retail; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations.  Just a few weeks ago, we hosted our comprehensive Investor Day. Since then, we have had the opportunity to speak with many of you in detail about our strategic plan, which will position us as the leading energy consumer services company and create tremendous stakeholder value. I look forward to updating you on our progress in the coming quarters. But for this call, we will keep our remarks brief and focus on our quarterly results.  Turning to Slide 3. I would like to start with the 3 key messages for today's call. Our integrated platform delivered strong results during the second quarter, up 14% compared to the same period last year. And today, we are reaffirming our 2021 guidance ranges.  Next, following Winter Storm Uri, the Governor and Texas legislature acted swiftly to begin to address critical issues and improve grid reliability. The Public Utility and Railroad Commissions are now in the process of implementing these directives to strengthen both the electric and natural gas systems to improve reliability and protect customers. I want to thank the Governor and the Texas legislature for their leadership on these issues.  Finally, in June, we held our Investor Day focused on our long-term strategic outlook, our road map through 2025 and the compelling value proposition of our consumer platform.  Now moving to the financial and operational results for the quarter on Slide 4, beginning on the left-hand side of the slide. We again delivered top decile safety performance. This is the ninth straight quarter we have achieved top decile safety, an incredible accomplishment for the entire company. As we start to come back to the office, we will continue to adhere to the CDC guidelines to ensure the safety and well-being of our people.  During the quarter, we continue to make progress on our strategic initiatives with focus on integrating Direct Energy, advancing our capital-light decarbonization efforts and expanding our secondary product capabilities.  Starting with the Direct Energy integration. Through the second quarter, we achieved $89 million in synergies or 2/3 of our 2021 target. Today, we're reaffirming both, the 2021 and full plan targets. Next, we continue to perfect our customer-centric model through advancing noncore asset sales and retirements and expanding our renewable PPA strategy across all of our markets.  Moving to the right-hand side of the slide. We are reporting $656 million of adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter or 14% growth year-on-year and $1.223 billion or 33% growth year-to-date. Strong second quarter results were largely driven by the Direct Energy acquisition and favorable weather in the East, further demonstrating the value of our diversified platform of consumer services. Alberto will discuss in more detail the quarterly drivers in his section.  Turning to Slide 5 for a brief update on our core markets, beginning on the left-hand side of the slide. Following Winter Storm Uri in February, it was clear that market reforms were necessary to improve grid resilience. In the months following the event, we actively engaged in discussions with legislators, regulators and other market participants to introduce comprehensive and competitive solutions across the entire system to address areas that failed and to ensure an event like this does not happen again. The Texas legislature acted swiftly in addressing these issues, passing Senate Bills 2 and 3, which were signed into law by the Governor on June 8, focused on reliability from the wellhead to the lightbulb. Importantly, Senate Bill 3 provides the Public Utility Commission, Railroad Commission and other parties the tools and the need to get it done right.  The PUCT and ERCOT are now working to implement the power market portions of the reform. We are focused on supporting them in the implementation of these policies and procedures to ensure the market functions properly in the future. We expect the focus over coming months to be on improving price formation through mechanisms to incentivize reliability. It will also establish clear winterization and maintenance outage standards and protocols for the electric system.  Importantly, the PUCT is focused on customer bills and ensuring these actions do not materially impact affordability, which has been a compelling attribute of living and doing business in Texas. We believe that PUCT will be able to address the key issues of market design, system hardening and modernization this year for the power sector.  Next, moving to the bottom left-hand side of the slide. The Governor and legislature recognized the financial harm of socializing the cost of defaults by regulated entities like Brazos and Rayburn across competitive markets. The legislation also addresses unhedgeable costs due to ERCOT's management of the grid, particularly during the final 32 hours of the event. The Texas legislature passed and the Governor signed into law necessary securitizations to address both default allocations and uplift charges. We expect to have greater line of sight on our costs eligible for securitization later this year.  Finally, our expected net financial impact from Winter Storm Uri remains unchanged at $500 million to $700 million. From last quarter, our gross impact increased by $85 million primarily due to resettlements and bad debt, which we expect to be fully offset through our mitigation strategy.  Moving to the right-hand side of the slide for an update on our ongoing portfolio and real estate optimization efforts. First, during the quarter, PJM held its first capacity auction in roughly 3 years, which provided disappointing results. Subsequently, given market conditions, we announced our intention to retire 1.6 gigawatts or 55% of our PJM coal generation by 2022 and the strategic review of our remaining PJM portfolio.  Next, our previously announced 4.8-gigawatt asset sale remains on track to close in the fourth quarter. Finally, our portfolio repositioning and optimization is a continuous process. We are committed to our business model, and we'll continue to provide updates on our progress.  On the next two slides, I want to review some of the highlights from our Investor Day, beginning on Slide 6 with our strategy and platform. This was our first Investor Day since 2018. And in 3 short years, we underwent a significant transformation: doubling the number of customers we serve, optimizing our generation fleet to serve our customers, building an efficient operating platform and strengthening our balance sheet while returning significant excess cash to our shareholders.  The acquisition of Direct Energy in January marked the next step in our journey as we completed the 3-year transformation plan and began our decisive transition into a consumer services company. While historically, our core product has been electricity, the addition of Direct Energy brought scale to our retail natural gas and services businesses. With consumers increasingly seeking a trusted partner to provide home solutions, our advantaged consumer platform is uniquely positioned to meet our customer needs in ways other providers cannot match. Just yesterday, Green Mountain Energy filed an application to provide its 100 renewable electric product in Arizona. We're constantly on the lookout for new markets and to grow our service offering in existing ones.  As we offer adjacent products and services, we can leverage our existing platform to access cost synergies. This economic advantage, coupled with better insights and more personalization, result in a better experience for our customers. For NRG, this advantage means broader insights into how consumers interact with their homes, additional margin and better retention on our core product. And then the cycle repeats as we grow, creating a more valuable business.  As you can see on the right-hand side of the slide, we have provided you a road map of our strategic priorities through 2025. Over the near term, our focus is on optimizing our core, which includes integrating Direct Energy, decarbonizing our retail supply and expanding our current dual-fuel customer base. Next, beginning in 2022, our focus will shift to growing the core through residential power and home services. Finally, throughout this entire period, we will be returning significant capital to shareholders.  To summarize our road map, we're starting with our foundation as a best-in-class integrated energy retailer. We will leverage our operating platform to become a trusted partner for power services, and then we will broaden our offerings and partnerships to become a provider of select home services.  Finally, we have quantified for you what I believe is an achievable growth opportunity over the course of this strategic road map. In total, we have identified $720 million of incremental EBITDA growth opportunity, which will be achieved through the Direct Energy integration and the deployment of up to $2 billion of growth investments in both CapEx and OpEx opportunities. This capital will be deployed to the maximum return opportunity, and you can expect transparency as we begin to allocate investment dollars. Given our near-term focus on integrating Direct Energy and growing dual-fuel customers, you should expect this capital to be weighted towards the second half of our road map.  Now turning to Slide 7. Over the course of our strategic road map, we expect to generate $8 billion in cumulative excess cash, which also excludes roughly $0.5 billion dollars of excess cash still to be allocated this year. Applying our 50-50 capital allocation framework, resulting $4 billion returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and $4 billion for opportunistic growth, we have earmarked $2 billion to achieve the $520 million incremental EBITDA detailed on the prior slide. The remaining $2 billion is available to be allocated to the maximum return opportunity, whether it be growth investments or share repurchases.  In summary, we outlined a compelling value proposition, anchored by a portfolio of favor brands serving nearly 6 million customers. We are positioned to grow and leverage our existing operating platform to achieve higher margins and longer-tenure customers. We have the financial flexibility to invest capital at attractive returns while returning significant capital to shareholders. And we have the right people and the right platform to create sustainable value for all stakeholders.  So with that, I want to welcome Alberto Fornaro to the call and provide a brief introduction. Alberto joined NRG on June 1, following an extensive CFO search. Alberto is a seasoned finance expert who brings over 30 years of experience and a unique combination of consumer, technology, manufacturing and risk management experience. I believe Alberto's expertise is the ideal feed to enhance our transition into a consumer services company.  Alberto, welcome, and I will turn it over to you for the financial review.
Alberto Fornaro: Thank you, Mauricio, for your kind words, and good morning, everyone. I am excited to be with you this morning and to join NRG during its transformation to become a consumer services company.  Now more than ever, customer experience and engagement are key priorities for leading companies, and I feel fortunate to be part of an organization that is completely focusing on the customer to continue to grow. I look forward to the dialogue with our analysts and investment community over the months to come. Hopefully, we will be able to meet in person sometime in the near future.  Moving to the quarterly results, I will now turn to Slide 9 for a brief review of our financials. For the quarter, NRG delivered $656 million in adjusted EBITDA or $82 million higher than the second quarter of last year. The increase in consolidated earnings was driven by the acquisition of Direct Energy and the related addition of synergies achieved in Q2.  Specifically, by region, these benefited from the expected contribution from the Direct Energy acquisition. In addition, favorable weather resulted in outperformance by both our electric and natural gas businesses. Finally, we enjoyed favorable intra-year timing of demand response revenues.  Next, our Texas region partially offset these benefits due to lower residential demand driven by milder weather and return-to-work trends as well as to higher retail supply costs. As a reminder, we benefited last year from exceptionally low market power prices realized during the start of the COVID-driven economic shutdown.  On a year-to-date basis, our progress in terms of incremental profitability was even more significant. It demonstrates the value of our diversified consumer services platform and its ability to absorb the possible impact of headwinds, such as the current forced outage we are dealing with at Limestone Unit 1, which will extend until year-end.  Our expectation for the net impact from Winter Storm Uri remains at $500 million to $700 million with an $85 million increase in onetime costs, offset by a similar increase in the range of expected mitigants. This is primarily due to the positive development of the Texas securitization legislation during the quarter. The total negative cash impact is still expected to be $350 million to $550 million in 2021 and $150 million in 2022 due to the estimated bill credits on to large commercial and industrial customers.  Now turning to Direct Energy integration. We are confirming our goal to achieve a run rate of $300 million synergies by 2023. We are on track to achieve $135 million of synergies for 2021 with $89 million realized year-to-date. Synergy expectations as well as synergies achieved so far are fully embedded, respectively, in our 2021 guidance and year-to-date actuals.  Overall, we are off to a great start in the first half of the year, and we are reaffirming guidance at $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion for adjusted EBITDA and $1.44 billion to $1.64 billion for free cash flow before growth.  I will now turn to Slide 10 where we are updating our planned 2021 capital allocation. As in the past, our practice on this slide is to highlight changes from last quarter in blue. Starting from the left, on the third column, the net capital required for the Direct Energy acquisition was increased by $35 million based on the latest estimate of the post-closing working capital adjustments. We anticipate finalizing the working capital adjustments during the third quarter.  Moving to the next column, and as discussed on the previous slide, the midpoint for net estimated cash impact from Winter Storm Uri remains at $450 million. This includes the increase of $85 million for onetime costs in 2021 and similar increase in expected mitigants driven primarily by the latest Texas legislation. As you are aware, the much anticipated securitization bills, HB4492 and SB1580, have been approved and are being finalized by ERCOT and PUCT. Clarity about the expected completion should come later this year.  Moving to the next column. To achieve a 3.0 net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, we expect to deleverage by $255 million plus early reduction fee of $9 million, totaling $2,264 million of capital to be allocated. This leaves $461 million of remaining capital available for allocation. A large portion of this capital is dependent on the successful conclusion of the ERCOT securitization processes.  Finally, as a reminder, today, the capital allocation waterfall does not include the impact from our pending 4.8-gigawatt asset sale, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter. Net cash proceeds will be utilized partly for debt reduction, $500 million to maintain leverage neutrality and the remaining $100 million to $150 million after purchase price adjustments to be available for general capital allocation.  Finally, on Slide 11. After reducing our corporate debt balance for the expected 2021 debt reimbursement and for the minimum cash, our 2021 net debt balance will be approximately $7.9 billion, which when based at the midpoint of the adjusted EBITDA implies a ratio of 3.0 net debt to adjusted EBITDA.  As discussed during the Investor Day, given our growth profile, we have revised our time line to achieve investment-grade metrics of 2.5 to 2.75x net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio. We plan on achieving a stronger 3.0 ratio by year-end to 2021 and growing into our longer-term targets of 2.5 to 2.75 ratio by 2023 primarily through the full realization of Direct Energy run rate earnings.  We remain committed to a strong balance sheet and to achieve credit metrics aligned with an investment-grade rating. We are very comfortable in achieving our target and are continuing to maintain a constructive dialogue with the rating agencies.  Back to you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. Turning to Slide 13, I want to provide a few closing thoughts on today's presentation.  During the quarter, we made significant progress on our priorities: integrating Direct Energy, perfecting and growing our platform and executing disciplined capital allocation. NRG has never been stronger. We have the stability and financial flexibility to thrive and take advantage of opportunities through all market cycles. At our Investor Day, we outlined for you the tremendous opportunity to deliver value for shareholders, and I have never been more excited about the future of this company. I look forward to updating you on our progress along the way.  So with that, Ray, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just in brief, if you can comment on the nuclear -- federal nuclear efforts, perhaps the best way to define, you can comment on that just in brief, and what that might mean for your specific opportunities here, if you don't mind.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I'm sorry, Julien, you were breaking up a little bit. Are you talking about the nuclear PTC?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Exactly. Indeed. And what that might be at the federal level for your asset.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. Well, I mean the -- so first, let me just say that in terms of regional or market-specific, out-of-market subsidies, whether it's for nuclear or any other technology, we'd rather see competitive incentives in our respective markets. Now having said that, if there is a national PTC, obviously, that changes our perspective. We will look at participating that through our South Texas project facility down in Texas. And obviously, that has a positive impact on our -- on that particular asset.  So that's how I would think about the national PTC, but I need to highlight the national aspect of it. I mean I think if it's just regional, it creates a lot of dynamics, intra markets that are not necessarily in the best interest of competitive markets.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Indeed. Just wanted to get your perspective on that. And if you don't mind, perhaps a bigger-picture question here. Can you comment on the commodity backdrop here? I mean I just -- there's been a lot of movement in the various forward curve. Obviously, your position is not always obvious from a net short or net loan perspective, depending on the specific market. Can you comment a little bit on the overall position today as you think about the later dated years and just how that positions you against the target you articulated earlier?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, Julien. I mean as I tried to highlight in the past, our integrated platform really has reduced exposure to the underlying commodity prices. Whether it is increasing in natural gas, which we have seen or increasing in power prices, this tends to affect all market participants, all retail providers. So to some extent, all these increasing commodity prices can be passed through to customers. It's not that it's just affecting us or affecting somebody else.  I will say that given the addition of the natural gas business with the acquisition of Direct Energy, that actually has been very complementary, and it highlights the strength of the diversified portfolio. I mean in the East, if you look at it, it's actually even more noticeable. If gas prices are increasing, perhaps that has some impact on -- in the near term on our power business, but it has actually a benefit on our natural gas business, which is incredibly sizable. So that's why I think investors need to think about our business is somewhat insulated from increases in commodity prices.  Now I don't know, Chris, if you have any comments around just the direction of the price move and what to expect as I think I already addressed the impact on our portfolio.
Christopher Moser: Yes. The only thing I would add is, I mean, look, gas has been strong because there's a lot of increased demand out there, right? LNG is going crazy overseas with Europe on bid against Asia, that's driving things up. I think that the U.S. just recently became the largest exporter of LNG in the world, passing Australia, which is a hell of a thing. I haven't seen that before. Storage is low right now.  So yes, we're in a bit of an upcycle right here. But like Mauricio said, it's something that we can price in, right? So if we're pricing to our customers off of the curves that we see and we're covering it off of the curves as they happen or off of our generation, we're in a good spot where we tack on the margin, move on our merry way.  So I think Mauricio is right. The integrated platform is a great way to play this, whether it's an upcycle or downcycle.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And just the last quick clarification, if you don't mind. Are you confident with respect to the transition? I know we're still early right after your Analyst Day here. But just with respect to some of the early indications on a strategic pivot on the retail side, any level of comments you can offer? I know it's -- forgetting that as a little bit early here.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay. Julien, I want to understand your question. I mean any confidence on our people to...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just early planning as you think about executing against the full $700 million uplift.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay. Got it. So I mean we are very confident on that. And actually, we have already started a number of initiatives both on power services and home services. But as I said, I mean our #1 priority right now, and I want to be unequivocal about it, is integrating Direct Energy and achieving the $300 million of synergies. That's the least path resistance to value, and we're focused on that. Then we're going to look at the low-hanging fruit opportunities like optimizing our dual-fuel customers. We have good visibility on them. We want our power customers to buy natural gas, and we want our natural gas customers to buy power. So the cost of acquisition is actually pretty compelling.  And then -- and I think that would be the focus for the rest of 2021 and in 2022. You need to think about those opportunities on power and home services as we are testing and learning right now. And if we think that the opportunity is very attractive, then we will accelerate the scale up. If it's not, then we will kill it quickly.  But I expect that most of that investment will happen in the second half of our planning period towards, let's say, '23 and beyond. But we're very, very excited. We actually have a pilot program right now on home solar, which is very exciting, and we're learning a lot about what customers want. So we are waiting -- we're not waiting. We're starting these initiatives. We're very small, deploying very little capital, and -- but we're learning a whole lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
James Kennedy: It's actually James for Shar. Congrats on the results. I just had a few housekeeping questions on the quarter. Can we just unpack the February impact shifts a little bit more? It looks like the buckets moved around $85 million. On the growth side, what's the breakdown there between resettlement and bad debt? And then just on the mitigation side, is that entirely securitization recovery assumption?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So as Alberto mentioned, buckets moved a little. On a gross basis, it moved by $85 million. I mean the majority of it is just resettlements. And I would say 70%, 30% between resettlements and then 30% bad debt. So we feel very confident with the -- now with the clarity that we have around securitization that we're going to be able to offset that.  So net-net, there is no change in the impact of the -- of Winter Storm Uri. Although, as I've mentioned before, I mean things are going to move a little bit up and down. It just happened also in this quarter, but we have the upcoming 180-day settlement and -- just in a couple of weeks, and we're monitoring that. But I actually think that that's going to be very small. But nonetheless, I mean I expect things to move just a little bit, whether it's up or down. But now that we have this visibility on the securitization, it just gives me a lot of comfort to maintain the range that we have.
James Kennedy: Got you. And then just on the PJM strategic review, could you provide any guidance on the time line for the balance of the fleet?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean just to take a little bit of a step back because I think it's -- context is important here. So when you look at the PJM fleet, you're really talking about the Midwest generation fleet. I mean that's the lion's share of it. And as we have quantified for you in the past, I mean that's about 5% of our earnings. So it's important just to put the context and the magnitude of that.  I think everybody has seen the auction results. They were very disappointing. That basically resulted in the announcement of 50% of our coal fleet, the retirement -- the announced retirements of 50% of our coal fleet. I think given the changes in capacity prices in PJM, it's just prudent that we do a deep dive review of the rest of the portfolio. It's ongoing at this point, and we're looking at everything in terms of reliability, if they're needed for reliability, what are the development prospects. I mean we're looking at just about everything for that -- on that strategic review. And I'll -- as we progress, I'll keep you all updated, but that's where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Couple of things. First of all, the biggest investor concern about NRG is your short position in Texas, meaning the fact you don't have as much generation as you might have retail load. How do you anticipate changing your disclosures going forward to help get people comfortable with the short position, meaning whether you'll outline PPAs you have or tolling agreements or the hedging of future demand simply because -- while I doubt there's going to be another Uri, I'm not so -- I'm not a weatherman, so I can't predict it, but I kind of doubt it.  But there will be weather events, summer and winter, down the road, maybe not as violent as Uri, but they'll happen. The Grid just a couple of weeks ago was actually forecasting one in Texas. And clearly, the short exposure is the single biggest risk outstanding for NRG. So how do you plan on changing your disclosure going forward about your long or short position as a mix of contracting physical assets and other hedging?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. Well, Michael, and let me just be clear here. NRG doesn't have a short position. When I talk about running an integrated model, every megawatt that we are selling to our customers, we're back to backing, whether it is with own generation or whether it is contracting generation in the market or just buying on the open wholesale market. So I want to be clear, Michael, because I think that is a misconception of NRG. We are not short electricity. We're not short of products that we're selling to our customers. We back-to-back them all. So that will be the first point.  The second point is, we don't have to own every single megawatt that we have. I mean that is -- we can actually achieve the same attributes of owning generation by contracting them. We have a number of renewable PPAs that we have. We contract with other counterparties. And whether it is a tolling deal or some physical transaction, we can actually bind the open market in the forwards. So I mean there is a number of things.  I would say that the biggest lesson coming from Winter Storm Uri is the diversification of our supply. If I own 1 big power plant, and you will basically say, "Okay. Well, now they're not short." That big -- that 1 power plant will be a single point of failure. That's what we're trying to avoid. That was the big lesson from Winter Storm Uri.  So I actually feel a lot more comfortable that we have a best-in-class commercial team that is looking at sourcing those megawatts from our power plants, from other people's power plants and from the open market. That is the best strategy that we have. And if we can do it in a capital-light way that frees off our cash and maintains the strong free cash flow to EBITDA ratio that we have, the better.  So that's how I think about it, Michael. But this notion that you're describing that somehow, the biggest risk is the short position of NRG, I just don't share that same view.
Michael Lapides: Right. But can I follow up on that real quick? Just -- I'm going to try and keep it simple. Do you have enough megawatt hours of your own generation or under multiyear contracts to meet expected peak demand, summer and winter?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean every -- we do. That's what this balancing -- running a balanced portfolio is -- now I expect the commercial team when we go into the shorter term to position the -- our -- to adjust our position based on their -- sometimes based on their commodity, based on weather, based on prices. But you're talking about optimization around the edge, not necessarily a position going forward.  So I mean if you're asking me, do we have enough megawatts? I would say yes. On a nameplate capacity, our portfolio is sufficient to cover just as much of the network that we sell. But that's not what we're trying to do. What we're trying to do is optimize our supply to make sure that we put the position -- we have the company positioned in the best possible way given where we think the market is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley: First, on capital allocation, would you expect the $461 million of cash available from the slide to be fully allocated this year? Or is it more likely a good chunk of that gets pushed to next year just because you need the cash back from the year you offset still?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Keith, I think -- I mean I'll -- well, first of all, we allocate capital when we actually have the cash available to us. So while we have created some financial flexibility given the changes that we did on the glide path to achieve our investment-grade credit metrics, they are still underpinned by when we're going to receive the money from the Uri mitigation plan; and then secondly, from the sale of our Eastern California asset.  So those are the 2 big triggers. As soon as we have that excess cash, I am going to apply our capital allocation principles. I expect to provide all of you another update on the third quarter call, and I expect these money to start coming in towards the fourth quarter.  So as we have always done in the past, and I don't think this should be a surprise to anybody, we allocate that excess cash when we actually have the cash. And that's how I -- that's how you should think about just in terms of timing, Keith.
Keith Stanley: Got it. The second question, just can you give an update? Curious how retail margins sort of ignoring the changes in power prices, if you can isolate it, just how retail margins are tracking after the shakeout from the winter storm. Are you seeing less competition in the Texas market given the volatility event? Or just any comment on trends in margins.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think margins have been relatively stable. As we -- even though the winter storm was pretty impactful, particularly on the regulated side, but also on the unregulated. Many of the retail providers have either credit sleeves or back-to-back. So we saw just a handful of people being exposed to the open market, and I think they fell through the process. But they were the minimum number of participants. I wouldn't say that there was a big number of participants that were under tremendous stress on the retail side. So margins have been relatively stable. The competition is still out there, similar to what we have seen in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Can I just ask on the mitigation, the storm Uri? Did -- has any of that been realized already? Or is it all still to come?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Most of it will -- is still to come. I mean as you know, the securitization process is still ongoing while they pass the law. What we expect is in August to -- we're going to have a hearing. And then in October, we need to have an order that is going to define how they're going to allocate those -- that money. So I expect that by October, we'll have even more line of sight in terms of the allocation methodology. And so that will be on the securitization.  And then on the other two, the bad debt is a continuous process. And then I think everybody knows that in the heat recall option that we had, I mean that's going to take a little bit more time given the legal route that we're taking.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Great. And then on just -- on a -- looking forward and just thinking about some of the new targets and the strategy laid out at the Analyst Day, should we anticipate that you will start to provide sort of more disclosure around sort of the granularity between different types of customers, single fuel, dual fuel, et cetera, and just some ways to start tracking your performance on that plan over time? And then if so, when do you think we might start to see some of that kind of incremental disclosure?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No. That's an excellent point, Jonathan. And as I said to you before, we're going to be increasing our disclosures. We're actually working on it right now given the strategic update that we provided to all of you just a month ago.  So I think what you should expect to see is transparency and visibility in terms of how we go from the margin that we have today to the margin that we want to have in 2025, the steps that we're taking. We're going to have conversations around the different initiatives to deploy the $2 billion of capital. We're in the test-and-learn period right now. But as we start scaling up in any of these initiatives, we will have a conversation with all of you ahead of time in terms of what the opportunity -- quantifying the opportunity, what is the capital that is required and what is the EBITDA associated to it.  So there is a lot more disclosures to come both in terms of the $2 billion of capital deployment that we expect and the opportunity that, that represents, but also the makeup of our portfolio around customers, what we're seeing around the longevity of these customers in our portfolio.
Jonathan Arnold: Mauricio, do you see those as something that will be sort of part of the regular kind of quarterly cycle when you get to that or more something you'll do once a year or so or something like that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. My goal, we'll make it part of the quarterly updates. And I think that, in earnest, will come probably towards the end of the year and start the new year with fresh financials. We're already working on it now. And I think you should expect a -- more disclosures as we go into 2022.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global.
Angie Storozynski: I was actually about to ask a similar question about disclosures. It seems to me at least that the business has become a bit of a black box for all of us. I don't think that we really appreciate some exposure to gas margins and hence, some increased seasonality of Direct Energy, especially. So we would definitely appreciate the disclosures.  And again, I did hear Mauricio's comments about the fact that you guys are not short power. So I understand that at least in the long term. But how can you reconcile the movement in forward power curves and the fact that you are relying on market-based purchases of power on your medium-term margins on the retail side? I mean I understand that you match your contracts with -- in the market purchases, but I don't think that that's -- it's possible to time it just right.  So again, directionally, explain how the move in forward curves should have impacted your retail margins.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, Angie. So I mean I think you need to make the distinction between customers that are on their fixed price. And the customers that are on their fixed price, we back-to-back that. So the minute we sign a customer under fixed price, we have the supply, we lock in the margin. And that is very simple. I mean we price every customer based on the forward curve. So I don't think that doesn't create any exposure.  Perhaps you're talking about the variable rates, the month-to-month, and whether or not we can buy that. But keep in mind, I mean a variable rate is exactly that. You have the ability to change the price if the underlying commodity price in the market changes. So that's why I was saying, we have the ability to pass through some of these costs.  And we're not the only ones exposed to it. Every single retail energy provider, electric provider, each is exposed to these changes in power prices. So it's not like this puts us in a disadvantage. I mean it impacts the supply cost of all retail electric providers. So you would expect a similar -- a move to offset that increase. That's why I'd say, I still don't understand this concept around why some investors or some of you think that we're short power.  I mean having a variable price customer allows us to change prices. Whether it's up or down, if prices are coming down, perhaps we can move the customers' pricing down. But if prices rise, we can do the same. So in the medium term -- when you're talking about the medium term, I'm assuming you're talking about 12 to 18 months. I mean that's plenty of time to take price actions. And that's what we have done in the past. We consistently see that. So that's how I think about the exposure.  And on the fixed price, it's -- we always do it back-to-back. So I'm not concerned about fixed price customers that go multiyear, particularly for C&I customers.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then just one last follow-up on capital allocation. So I mean I'm really glad to see that you will be restarting your share buyback program. Now is that in any way implicitly stating that your investment-grade rating is sort of delayed inherently given the Uri storm? And as such, there is no point in trying to delever as quickly as possible, hence, you have some more flexibility? Because, again, I would have expected that you're going to try to go back to that, say, 2.5 to 2.75 net debt to EBITDA as quickly as possible. And clearly, buybacks are not going to help with this.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean I think what we said is, we have adjusted our life path to the 2.5 to 2.75. We haven't changed our targets of investment-grade credit metrics. We changed just the trajectory on how to get there. And that was informed by our conversations with rating agencies in the aftermath of Winter Storm Uri.  So it's very consistent with the conversations that we have with rating agencies. I don't control the credit rating timing. That's not on us. That's on the rating agencies. We believe that 3x is a strong -- a very strong balance sheet, but we still are targeting 2.5 to 2.75. But given this change in glide path, it has provided some financial flexibility to -- if we have excess cash, which we anticipate to have by the end of the year, then we will allocate that through the guidance and principles that are very transparent and that we have communicated to all of you.  So that's how I expect to start allocating this excess cash, which includes share buybacks towards the end of the year when we start having some excess cash, but I mean that's going to be contingent on when do we close the asset sale and when do we start seeing the money from the Uri mitigants.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions. I will now pass the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez for closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Great. Thank you. Well, thank you for your interest in NRG and look forward to continue updating you in this exciting new opportunity and phase for NRG. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-13 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Vivint Smart Home First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. This time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Nate Stubbs, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nate Stubbs: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon to discuss the results of Vivint Smart Home for the three months ended March 31, 2021. Joining me on the conference call is Todd Pedersen, CEO; and Dale R. Gerard, CFO. I would like to begin by reminding everyone that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements, including with regards to the company’s future performance and prospects. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are not guarantees of performance, and you should not put undue reliance on these statements. I would direct your attention to the risk factors detailed in the amendment to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2020, which we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2021. Please be aware that these risk factors may be updated from time to time in the company’s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and that the realization of any such risk factors could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. During today’s call, management will also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures for historical periods to the most comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are available in the earnings release and accompanying presentation, which are available on the Investor Relations website at investors.vivin.com. I will now turn the call over to Todd.
Todd Pedersen: Thanks, Nate, and good afternoon to everyone. I hope that life is starting to get back to normal for all of you as vaccine rollouts accelerate until a case counts decline. Today, we will cover the following topics. Discuss our strong financial and operating results for the quarter. Review our robust customer engagement and the performance of our platform. Talk about our excitement over the near-term outlook for Vivint’s premier end-to-end smart home platform as we gear up for what we expect to be a normal summer selling season. And as our customers engagement levels remain high, regardless of whether people are spending time inside or outside of their homes. The momentum around our business that we saw in 2020 as carried into the first quarter of 2021. And we are pleased to report continued improvements in our key metrics year-over-year, including an accelerated revenue growth of 13% along with 60,000 new smart home originations, which represented a 20% increase, all while producing an adjusted EBITDA margin of 47%. As of March 31, 2021, Vivint’s total subscribers grew 10% from the same period in 2020, to more than 1.7 million. Along with the highlights I previously mentioned. We also saw solid improvements across the board and other key metrics for the quarter, including another steep decline in net subscriber acquisition costs per subscriber and the lowest LTM attrition rate in the past nine quarters. I believe that these strong results speak to the fact that our core value proposition proven over two decades of reliably taking care of our customers and their families is as relevant today as ever. Dale will provide more specifics on financials during his remarks, as well as share our thoughts about our full year 2021 guidance. If the past year has taught us anything, it’s that there is no better time for homeowners to have a comprehensive smart home system. The 1.1 billion daily events processed by our smart home operating system across more than 23 million connected devices are the best indicator of the frequent engagement of Vivint’s customer base. We are uniquely qualified to help our customers deal with any environment across the various smart home devices we support. From door locks, cameras, security monitoring, thermostats, lighting controls, garage door controls, and many other connected devices. All of these innovative products are designed to work together seamlessly through our elegant platform that homeowners can control from their in-home touch-screen hub through a single app on their phone, or by simply using their voice. Vivint services also include life saving and life protecting 24/7 professional monitoring, or emergencies such as medical, fire, carbon monoxide and burglary alerts. Our vertically integrated model includes dedicated customer care and monitoring teams to ensure that we respond to alerts within seconds. Our cloud platform and proprietary technology also allows customers to seamlessly manage and protect their homes, regardless of whether they’re socially distancing inside the home, or from somewhere outside of it. Vivint takes care of our customers and their families while providing the peace of mind that people demand during times of heightened awareness, anxiety, uncertainty and mobility. We’ve been securing and innovating smart homes for over 20 years. In our experience since the onset of the pandemic, is only cemented in our minds the fact that our customers will continue to value home security and smart home technology during challenging economic and societal times underscoring the strength and resiliency of the Vivint model in any type of environment. With attention now turning to the reopening of the economy and having this coincide with the onset of our summer selling season. We remain bullish about the near-term demand for the business. Given that approximately 50% of the adult population in the U.S. have now received at least one dose of the vaccine and that by the end of the month, we anticipate that all states will have lifted mandatory quarantine restrictions. The tried and true process of selling door to door and installing new Vivint systems inside of homes is getting back to normal. We believe the pent up demand for travel also plays right into our hands. To the extent last year shelters became this year’s travelers, they still have every reason to remain highly engaged with their smart home systems. Based on interaction volumes with our platform before COVID, during COVID, and now as the country begins to look beyond COVID our systems and services have proven to be just as relevant in all of these environments. We’re still respectful of the fact that we continue to operate in a world actively dealing with COVID-19. We have increased the preparedness of our direct sales team as they head out to markets across the U.S. at full capacity. And they’ll be ready to go with all the right training and necessary PPE to interact with current and new customers. As a reminder, last year at this time, we had to swiftly move our call centers and corporate employees to a work from home environment. Paused our entire direct home sales teams for about six weeks during the first wave of the pandemic delaying the started the summer selling season. At this point, we fully expect to return to a more normal summer sales season this year. Meanwhile, our other sales channel, national inside sales, which onboards nearly half of all new subscribers and the normal environment has turned in robust results through the pandemic. And we believe that momentum will continue in 2021. We have long believed the total addressable market for smart home presents a massive opportunity. And in the not so distant future the vast majority of the 150 million homes in North America will be running on a comprehensive smart home operating system. We believe Vivint is the premier end-to-end smart home platform company with the most robust service offering and as such is the best position provider to take advantage of this opportunity. We believe in order to take advantage of the growth opportunities in smart home, it’s important that we increase our focus and investment in our brand, technology and new product development. On this front, I’m pleased – early returns we’ve seen from our brand investment rolled out during the fourth quarter of 2020 to drive better consumer awareness on a national scale. Those investments will continue as we tell the story of who we are? What we do? And how we can add value to people by delivering the security and peace of mind they desire? But beyond the brand, we also think now is the time to step things up in terms of technology and our product vision to maintain our position on the leading edge the product development and to continue pushing new boundaries by delivering a transformative smart home experience to every home. Before I turn the call over to Dale to go through specifics of our first quarter results, as you may have seen Vivint recently resolved the matter with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission related to certain historical instances of violations of the company’s policies by sales employees. We are pleased to put this matter behind us. Vivint takes matters of compliance seriously, particularly as customers across the country put their trust in us to protect their homes and families. We have already taken steps before the FTC began its review to strengthen our compliance policies. And we will continue to make this a focus going forward. To that end, we are deeply committed to operating with integrity, doing right by our customers, delivering on our commitments to stakeholders and providing exceptional service to our customers. I will now turn the call over to Dale.
Dale Gerard: Thanks, Todd. Before I get into the results for the quarter, just a quick comment on the recent statement by the SEC related to the accounting for warrants issued by SPAC companies. Following the issuance of the statement, we reevaluated our historical accounting for both the public and private placement warrants assumed in conjunction with our merger with Mosaic in January 2020. Like a majority of SPACs, we previously recorded these warrants as equity. However, based on our valuation, we determine that the warrants should have been classified as liabilities and measured at fair value in the closing date of the merger was subsequent changes in fair value reported as non-operating income or expense, and our consolidated statements of operations each reporting period. Of Tuesday of this week, we filed an amendment to our 2020 Form 10-K to restate our previously filed financial statements. As a result of this restatement, we recorded a $109.3 million non-operating loss related to the warrants. And our warrant liability was $83.6 million as of December 31, 2020. I’ll now walk through the financial portion of the presentation that we posted today in conjunction with the earnings release. Looking on Slide 6, we highlight a few metrics for the subscriber portfolio, which continued to be strong across the board. Total subscribers grew 10.2% from 1.55 million to 1.71 million. Average monthly revenue per user our AMRU increase to $67.24 up 3% year-over-year. An increase in AMRU was driven by additional sales of new products, such as our latest generation of outdoor and doorbell cameras, as well as the recognition of deferred revenue. On Slide 7, we cover revenue and adjusted EBITDA for the quarter. For the first quarter of 2021 revenue grew by 13.2% with $343.3 million. The revenue growth is attributed to previously mentioned double-digit increase in total subscribers, as well as the increase in the average monthly revenue per user. Adjusted EBITDA grew nicely in the first quarter. The primary drivers for the scaling of service and expense, subscriber acquisition cost. For the quarter we increase our adjusted EBITDA margin by 270 basis points, the 47.2% of revenue, compared to 44.5% in the first quarter of 2020. Moving to Slide 8, we will highlight a few points on the subscribers originated in the first quarter of 2021. A subscriber originations led by a 29% year-over-year growth in our National Inside Sales Channel were 60,127 for the quarter. How and which subscribers we onboard is important to our success today and in the future, and we continue to redefine and boost the underwriting requirements and process to qualify and onboard new subscribers. One of the pauses of the enhanced underwriting requirements is that we are able to reduce the number of retail installment contracts or RICs that are financed on the company’s balance sheet. For the first quarter of 2021, we saw a 77% reduction in the number of subscribers financed through retail installment contracts. By shifting a greater proportion of our subscribers away from RICs and towards third party financing partners and pay in full arrangements we’re able to reduce our net subscriber acquisition cost and improve the company’s cash flow dynamics. Speaking of our third party financing partners, I’m pleased to announce we recently completed a successful renegotiation of our agreement with Citizens Bank, our primary financing partner under the Vivint Flex Pay program. This renewal resulted in a contract extension of three years in the implementation of a new line of credit finance offering through our consumers, which will streamline the initial sales process and facilitate up sales and upgrades of additional and new equipment during a customer’s lifecycle. Moving to the new line of credit finance offering changes the timing of when the merchant discount rate and loss your fees are incurred, which will impact the amount of cash in the near term. That said, we are fully committed and intend to operate the business on a cash flow positive basis this year and going forward. Moving to Slide 9, we will cover service costs per subscriber and new subscriber acquisition costs per subscriber. We continued our trend of year-over-year improvements in net service cost per subscriber moving from $11.76 in the first quarter of 2020 to $10.77 in the first quarter of 2021. This reiterates the advantage of Vivint’s vertically integrated, smart home cloud platform, which encompasses the software, the hardware, the installation, and ongoing customer support. As we continue to make improvements in all these areas, we’re seeing positive trends in both the cost of service as well as customer satisfaction. Our net service margin continued to be in the high 70% range at 77.7% for the first quarter of 2021. A drop in service cost per subscriber is driving a significant portion of the increased in adjusted EBITDA dollars, as well as adjusted EBITDA margin percentage. On the right hand of Slide 9, we highlight net subscriber acquisition costs for the last 12 month period. For the period ended March 31, 2021, net subscriber acquisition costs per new subscriber decreased to $66. That’s 93% lower year-over-year, as we continue to drive down the number of new subscribers that are financed via RICs and shipped to a higher mix of customers utilizing our financing partners are paying in full, the purchase of their smart home products. During the quarter, we also continue to benefit from pricing leverage on the point of sale, purchase and installation of equipment. Slide 10 depicts our typical subscriber walk that illustrates some changes in total subscribers at quarter end. One of the pleasant surprises throughout the pandemic has been the performance of our subscriber portfolio. Once again, our attrition improved ending at 11.8%, which is 230 basis points lower year-over-year, and at a nine quarter low. Our portfolio continues to perform better than expected in terms of both attrition and other leading indicators. In terms of cash flow, we saw a nearly $19 million improvement in net cash used in operating activities during the quarter. We finished the first quarter with $274 million of cash on hand and a very strong liquidity position of approximately $600 million. Finally, moving toward guidance for the year on Slide 11. The top of the page highlight several fundamental characteristics of our financial model, including reoccurring monthly revenue from long-term subscriptions, a highly predictable business model and the ability to thrive in all economic environments. We are pleased with the momentum in the business on the strong start to the year. And we’re bullish about our ability to operate the direct-to-home sales team during this summer selling season at full capacity. We are also aware of potential supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, and hiring constraints that could limit further upside. Taking all of these factors into consideration, we are confirming our original guidance as follows. We still expect in 2021 with 1.8 million to 1.85 million total subscribers. Our estimate for 2021 revenue continues to be $1.38 billion to $1.42 billion. And finally, we have firm our previous 2021 adjusted EBITDA guidance of between $640 million and $655 million. This concludes our prepared remarks on the first quarter. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks very much for taking my question. You said it sounds like the guidance implies that supply chain risks present upside perhaps, but not factored into the guidance, so the limited from a downside, thinking one of the first sort of tilts in that kind of way. Can you just talk to us about what your biggest sort of component risks are and how it is that you seem to be managing through this problem so well on a relative basis?
Dale Gerard: Hey, Paul. It’s Dale. Thanks for joining the call. We look at it a big part of our growth initiative and some of the stuff we’re trying to do is really around camera attach rates. And as, we think that’s one of the big selling points and why people really like smart home as one of the big advantages we think our systems have over others, integrated analytics, and the different things that we can do with that, in terms of notices, and so forth with customers. And so part of what we’re doing with our pricing and how we’re selling and what we’re seeing in terms of take rate, or adoption of additional cameras, we’re in good shape, we believe right now. But if adoption rates are higher than we think, and if there’s any, disruption, in terms of chip manufacturing, and or the big thing, really, one of the big things is logistics frankly, supports and getting and then from the ports, it could be some where we may have to limit the number of cameras, we sell the second, maybe late in the third quarter or fourth quarter. But, we think we’ve addressed that we’re doing some stuff with air spray and shipping. And so, we’re just calling that out as to say, hey, based on, we’re off to a good start. We think that the year we’re going to have a good year. But with some stuff around supply chain, like there’s some inflationary pressures out there, there’s some hiring constraints, what we’re probably no different than other companies as we try to continue to ramp up, especially in the field, in higher and in the markets that we service, have been able to hire enough installers and service professionals to be able to take care of the customers the way we want to take care of them. So, we just kind of put all that stuff together and said hey, based upon on where we are today, and what we see. We think, confirming our guidance, which we think is really good guidance for the year to begin with, is the best path at this point. Todd, I don’t know anything you just want to add?
Todd Pedersen: Yes, I was just saying, Paul, you kind of caught that which is based on supply chain issues that Dale mentioned, the potential for upside beyond where we sit is limited to product being delivered to the U.S. and being able to install that. So it’s not impossible that we could see some upside, but it’s going to be quite difficult or just like own house everyone else their supply chain issues out there. Ships mean, kind of front end center, driving most of that. So but we do feel very comfortable this number. We’re fortunate that we have a seasonal business in some regards, because we treat order a lot of the hardware and had done that last year. And so a lot of what we need to attain these numbers, we already know we have a kind of insight.
Paul Coster: Gotcha. And a quick follow up, I think investors have been working really hard to try and figure out what’s going wrong, because the stocks been going down and we’re all sort of very anxious, but something obvious here. Let me just sort of try and my luck is the, it sounds like you’ve entered into an extended term with Citizens Bank, but as part of that, there’s different allocation of the credit risk. Does that relate back to this FTC issue? And in passing? Todd, can you just tell us, what is actually the FTC issue identified and when it occurred?
Dale Gerard: Yes, I think the first part, Paul, [indiscernible] in terms of the extension with Citizens, we’re very, very pleased with our partnership with Citizens, they’ve done a very good partner. We’ve had a relationship during consumer finance with him since early 2017. And so we were glad to be able to extend it, the changes that we’re making in that program assistance really has, nothing in terms of the FTC. It was really part of the negotiations to move from the installment line into a, what we call a line of credit, which really is better for us long-term and better for our customers. It’s easier for the onboarding process. And then really where we will see the benefit is the additional sales of hardware, either additional products that customers want to take or as we roll out new products, and customers want to have those systems, their line of credit allows for that in a way that the installment loan which was a kind of a fixed loan debt. And so, in reality, the way the terms are set with the line of credit or more standard terms, our terms are ahead with installment loan, we’re probably not what with standard industry? We were able to do that, I think early on. So by moving to the line of credit, one of the things that was part of that was we’ve kind of go to more standard terms around how come, the users of these products pay for that the credit offering from Citizens or from other banks, and then Todd will pick this.
Todd Pedersen: Yes, I mean. The first thing I’d say is, we’re glad to have this FTC settlement done. Now, why we have not, we’ve been asked about refinancing paying down debt, and we were not able to do that didn’t feel like it was good timing, in the middle of that FTC settlement happening. So, we’re glad to have that past and in the past. Secondly, we’re a company that we want to provide great service, take care of consumers, our customers, and so this behavior, if it’s not consistent with integrity and doing right by consumers, has no part of this company. But back in 2017, we did have some sales people that got around some systems that we found out and let those people go. And that was part of this investigation by the FTC. And the thing is, we found out we did let those return those people let them go. But again, that’s in the past and done. We’re glad to have that behind us. We’ve definitely made. And we do this every year enhanced improvements on compliance, and systems and controls to ensure that underwriting and everything is up to par and again, compliant with laws of the United States from a financing perspective. So again, glad to have that behind us and done and the settlement over.
Paul Coster: All right. Thanks so much Todd. Thanks.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kessler from Imperial Capital. Your line is now open.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. And it’s been great working with all you guys. I will hopefully, we’ll continue to talk. Just not in the position I am that’s all. I’ve got really a couple of questions here. Firstly, what are the – it looks this year from the sound – look, you’re going to have to the economy looks like it’s opening up, you have – you are making investments you’re talking about? And you’ve already started with in branding the company. Now, can you talk about what other types of investments and how much that may cost you that you’re going to be involved with assuming that other than that the overall economy opens up is probably timing for you to start pushing on some of the other home, some improving home automation, trying to put some distance as we knew and others in terms of technology, trying to do things, in terms of maybe improving. I don’t know improving your training or focus on how you onboard your new salespeople are spending more money there. Can you just talk about the various types of increased investment you’ll be doing in addition to branding?
Todd Pedersen: So, and by the way, it’s been great to work with you to these years. We’re going to miss this, I guess it’s a perfect like that, hopefully relationship continues.
Jeff Kessler: I’m sure; we’ll have with my other guys.
Dale Gerard: That sounds great. Well, so a couple of things. We are – we agree that investment in continued product enhancement and quality and technologies is critical, so that we can keep our lead in the market and deliver the best services that we can to consumers and that’s first and foremost. The quality has got to be there. The values got to be there or continue to drive that. We are investing in new tools and technologies from onboarding customers, underwriting customers; we’ve built these tools over the years. Some of them we feel need to be refreshed. You’ll probably end up seeing within a year or so a platform kind of reinvestment in the platform. Again, we built out our operating system seven, eight years ago. And we believe that there’s some updates that can be done and will be done to enhance that, that experience for the consumer, allow us to do more upgrades, have more content for consumers information, consumers and allow us to kind of deliver service to them through those enhanced – to be enhanced operating system. So, that’s going to happen now we’re super pleased with the results that have been are, it’s early I mean, we started rebranding the marketing, really in Q4. But as you saw with our Q1 numbers, 13%, top line revenue growth compared to – we’re starting to see some momentum there. Now, we are already mentioned earlier that with some supply chain constraints. We’re not going to be off to the races, because we have to be, if we do add customers, we need product and hardware to be able to install. So although we’re a great year passed out, and we take the numbers and projections we have are strong, the cash flow dynamics of the business, the attrition numbers, our net operating margins, our net SAC are all super strong and improving year-over-year. So, we’re really excited about how the company is positioned. And, what the future looks like for this.
Jeff Kessler: This includes an increased investment in SAC?
Dale Gerard: What? Can you maybe expand? What do you mean?
Jeff Kessler: You talked about new tools for onboarding customers and getting customers trained and things like that?
Dale Gerard: Yes, I mean, it’s really within our area of information technology for that area, which we do allocate out the SAC, from that SAC some of that service. So yes, there’ll be some of that there. And then some of the brands then that’s directly contributed to the media that we’re doing is actually being [indiscernible]. But, it’s part of like, as we said earlier, when we did the fourth quarter call and talked about kind of what we expect 2021 said, hey, we’re going to make investments in really three areas of Todd just talked about, you’re going to see those really, you’ll start seeing the impact of those in Q2. In terms of where we’re kind of really starting to get some of the spend in terms of brand is, as we kind of rolled out the summer sales force. And then as we’ve hired up for some of the stuff we need to do in technology, and product development, you’ll start seeing that kind of come through Q2, Q3.
Jeff Kessler: Okay. Same question actually is on attrition. And going through the various components of attrition obviously, percentage of customers coming to term on their contracts is obviously an important one mover it is an important one, people who can’t pay were isn’t important when people don’t like your sit or whatever. It’s always someone important; these are all move around depending on the times we’re living in, and the ability to reaffirm to create a better value proposition for your customers. What is going on, when attrition because clearly, you even say that your sweet spot is probably going to be somewhere in the 12% or maybe the high 11% to 12% or 13% to come. In the past, you seem to may be under estimated how far attrition can go up. But now you seem to be under estimating how far attrition can come down?
Todd Pedersen: Yes, well, so here’s a couple of things. We – that we are fully integrated platform, end-to-end solution. We continue to make improvements in the hardware, the installation process, the firmware; we’ve got this incredible feedback loop that we’ve talked about. So, we continue to make improvements and enhancements from that perspective. If these products work and we have 14 or 15 devices on average per home, if they work consistently and the use case are relevant to consumers, they keep the product now there are obviously circumstances where people lose their jobs or have financial changes in their lives that they calls some of these people to cancel. We hope think people it’s not because people don’t like our system, but maybe that happens occasionally. But the other is, if you’ve noticed in the last year, we’ve made them great enhancements to the underwriting the reduction in RICs to the platform is going to have continued impact on efficient overtime. And again enhancements in every little detail of what we do, to deliver service to consumers is going to impact. So, we’re not we’re hopeful we’re not trying to be pessimistic, we continue to see potential gains in that from that side. That’s pretty, for a consumer facing business on a 1% monthly attrition is pretty incredible. And then you add to that our net subscriber costs come down substantially. And our net service costs $10.77 this is a really good story. And real good build up from what we’ve been trying to accomplish in the last couple of years.
Jeff Kessler: So that’s the sweet spot, are you are you changing your view of what maybe your long-term sweet spot range should be for LTM attrition?
Dale Gerard: No, Jeff at this point, Jeff, no. I think what we’re taught, like Todd said, I think as we get more time in here, and we continue to see how attrition performs, we may picked up, but at this point, I think we’re going to stay where [Technical Difficulty]
Todd Pedersen: I would say that we’re super pleased with all of the, all of the results are great, but the $10.77 per subscriber and net servicing costs, that means people are – our systems are working, we’re not having to roll trucks and fix things as often as we used to work, replace hardware. So again, the better and more reliable the system is, and the more elegant, in fact, the more robust the system is, the more we see attrition coming down over time. So, we’re not done from an aspiration perspective. But we think we’re feeling confident about what we’ve injected to the market for the year. And hope to make gains over that if possible.
Jeff Kessler: Great, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Todd Pedersen: Thanks again, Jeff. Good luck in retirement.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] on behalf of Rod. Nice job on the results. Could you expand on the difference between the installment line versus line of credit and how it’s better for customers? And you also mentioned some impacts to tax to cash flow. So, could you give us some color on that?
Todd Pedersen: Okay. So the line of credit in the – that what we have as soon as, and what we’ve been putting us this is kind of a fixed term installment loan. And so but that means once the customer finance, what the finance at the initial point of the sale, that was fixed, and if the customer called back, six months later said, hey, I really – I only bought two cameras, I wish I would bought a third camera, so I can put her out on my back porch, we weren’t able to actually add that to the finance. The line of credit, it’s more like a credit card, the way to think about it. And so that will allow us to actually go back and add to that system and make instead of have to come out of pocket that point for that camera, and the install, they can add that to the line of credit. So that’s the really the big difference. It just allows us that the customer and allows us as the companies to be able to offer that product to them, and the customer then to be able to finance that going forward, as they want new or additional products installed in their homes. In terms of the cash, the way – the way the installment loan product has worked, we paid the kind of the MDR fee in the last year overtime. And so every month, if there were – the MDR fee was paid every month and losses were paid as occurred up into the loss based on the loss arrangements that we have the caps that we had in place. The way it will move the line of credit will move eventually, as we transition through the next kind of 24 months, it’ll move to that’ll be like a more standard where we’ll pay that the MDR fee and then the expected losses upfront, and so it’d be a net. So very, very similar to how our program works with Fortiva or other financing partner.
Unidentified Analyst: Super helpful. I also wanted to ask about direct-to-home. So the subscriber growth sequentially is a bit weaker than historical trends. And I understand they’re still operating in a COVID environment. But could you talk about how that – why that is and expand the line on that?
Todd Pedersen: Yes, look, we’re basically saying that we believe that will operate in the normal way from a deployment perspective. We’ve deployed the majority of our direct-to-home sales people across the country, they’re still – some number of them, they’re still coming – going out to market. We’re having, we are obviously respectful of this social distancing still at this point, even though that is changing somewhat with vaccinations and a percentage of people are being vaccinated across the country, and based on CDC guidelines and suggestions. But it feels like, it will be back to more of a normal type year for the summer selling season, which we’re excited about. Now, we’ve made adjustments that be based on COVID maybe accelerated some of the adjustments on how we underwrite and do approvals for consumer events, we used to do it on our devices. We have salespeople who travel around with an iPad. Now, it’s done on the consumers’ device. So, we can maintain the social distancing, even in the future. The second thing that it really does for us is from a compliance perspective, it really tightens things up. So, this is a net positive all the way around. We’re, again, trying to be respectful of COVID-19, and making sure that we’re not spreading anything, we still checking people’s health on a daily basis in market, wearing the appropriate masks and gloves and that sort of thing. But then, from an underwriting and compliance perspective, with the adjustments, it’s going to be a net positive for the company.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, Todd. And last question from me, could you give us an update on the insurance business?
Todd Pedersen: Yes, so we’re still – I would say we’re still in test mode. We believe, we have great upside potential with that business. And again, this is the great thing about owning our platform and the data that we have. If you think about it super, it’s hyper local data inside of the home based on consumer actions and interactions with the system. So usage patterns, we have all of that collected inside of our data that we collect on a daily basis. We’re not quite ready to start announcing volume or future projections, but we’re trying to make sure that we have everything from a compliance perspective from a financial perspective and underwriting perspective dialed in before we will expand that business out with.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thanks, [indiscernible].
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Erik Woodring: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Congrats on the quarter, and again, congrats on the attrition rate, really impressive stuff. I guess I wanted to ask an earlier question, perhaps a different way. And that was, would you say that through the end of the March quarter, there was still a bit of what I’d call COVID complacency, driving that metric, meaning, I know you had less than 10% of your base reached the end of term in 1Q, but are people perhaps putting a decision to reevaluate their smart home provider on hold for now, given the environment? Just curious you take on that? And then I will follow up. Thanks.
Todd Pedersen: Yes, I mean, look, that could be true with some of the consumers. And then the other side of that is, the better underwriting our systems are working and operating better as we continue to make improvements, like I mentioned earlier on firmware, software, new hardware releases, installation protocols, just every little thing that we do. We’ve been through different types of downturns and issues in the past. And this kind of is proving out again, the fact that what we deliver to people, which is peace of mind in different ways for different people, based on their situation in their living environment, that this is something that people see value in, and we continue to try to push those boundaries and make sure that we’re more and more relevant from a consumer perspective every day.
Erik Woodring: Okay, that’s super helpful. And then I guess my second question, selling expenses were up more than 100% year-over-year, smart home subscribers were up 20%. What drove that growth in selling expenses? Should we interpret that as meaning it’s getting more expensive to acquire new customers? And then how do I kind of tie that with Net SAC that obviously continues to reach very impressive new lows? Thanks.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So a couple things last year in the first quarter, if you recall, we shut down kind of direct-to-home. So, part of your year-over-year is the fact that the last, I don’t know the last two or three weeks of the first quarter, there was no spend, when I say no spend, we kind of said don’t spend any more money on recruiting, training, anything so that’s a big variance or a variance to kind of year-over-year in terms of that. And then you have some of that brand spin, also, as I said, we’re pushing some of the brand spin, that’s media directly tied to commercials and so forth into SAC also. So, I mean, we’re in terms of terms of our gross cost, or net gross cost of SAC, it’s in line with where we have been. And again, we keep driving down the Net, because we’re charging more for, sorry, we’re selling more product. So the upfront, basically, the number of cameras, number of devices we’re selling is higher. I think the other thing to say as a call, because I actually look at selling expense or SAC excluding stock based comp. So, when you – so stock based comp was a big driver in that in terms of the legacy equity that we had that came through in the first quarter that also got expense, plus the new grants that are there. So, that’s kind of a double kind of whammy there in terms of that expense. But if you looked at I think it’s 11%. I think without that stock based comp charge; you’re only up about 11%, around $5 million year-over-year.
Erik Woodring: Okay, that’s really helpful. And then I guess if I can squeeze on the last one. I remember you guys kind of previously guiding to long-term adjusted EBITDA margins in the mid-40%. Correct me if I’m wrong, but is that still how we should think about the long-term? And I say that compared to obviously your current guidance, which would imply you’re kind of already there? And that’s it for me. Thanks again and congrats, again.
Dale Gerard: Yes, I think, again, a lot of things we’re seeing improvement across the board, right, we’re seeing better servicing costs, and as we can continue to drive down service costs, but while still providing really of such exceptional service for our customers, again, moderate – being able to leverage G&A in terms of what we’re spending there. I think overall, we still think kind of in a mid-40s, whether that’s 45% to 47%, is really kind of where we see margin that. For the near-term, I think, as we continue to invest in the business and make decisions that we think will help the business long-term being more successful in terms of products, technology, brand, as Todd has mentioned, so that’s kind of where we’re shooting for today.
Erik Woodring: Okay, thanks, guys.
Dale Gerard: Thank you, Erik.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Marlane Pereiro from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Marlane Pereiro: Great, thank you for taking my questions. I just have two very quick one. One, can you share any thoughts on addressing the capital structure? And two and I apologize if I missed this, but for attrition, how do you think about a normalized level or kind of a steady state for the business? Thank you.
Dale Gerard: Sure. I take it through. Our backwards attrition, I think we’ve kind of said, we think 12% to 13%. If I had the group attrition, I’d say attrition somewhere in the high 11%. That’s probably low 13%. So, maybe its 12% to 12.5% is kind of where we think at this point. Again, as Todd said, as we continue to provide a better service, better value to our customer, that they really – they look at this and say, hey, I need this everyday as part of my life. I mean our interactions that we saw pre-COVID, during COVID, and post-COVID continuing to increase in terms of how many times people are interacting with their system via their app. And so that tells us that and I think one of the things that we actually found in our quarter is that those interactions went up. And I think, part of that’s the being able to answer the door, get your deliveries without touchless deliveries, not have to talk to the person, but you can talk them through your video camera, your doorbell camera, those types of things. So, even when people go back to the office, which, I think people will at some point, they’ve got these uses probably used cases that they’ve discovered why they were at home, that actually it will be beneficial. And so we kind of – again, attrition, we’re happy where it is. And the thing, I think it’s important about attritional service, as somebody mentioned earlier, we’re less than 10% of our portfolio is at the end of their initial term is that goes up that have the drop – that has an impact that will lift attrition, automatically, even though attrition is not really performing worse, is just as you the percent of customers at the end of term, you always see a little bit of a higher percentage of attrition related to those customers. If we can drive that down, then we can lower that long-term attrition number. In terms of the cap structure, I think Todd said, we’ll be looking to address that, I think sooner than later, as we you know, want to go ahead and take care, I think we’ve got some 2022s, 2023s for sure that we’d like to take care of the maturities and extend those. And so I think you’ll see us look to be out in the market at some point in the near future.
Marlane Pereiro: Great. Thank you, Dale.
Dale Gerard: Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I’ll now like to hand it over to Mr. Todd Pedersen, for any closing remarks.
Todd Pedersen: We appreciate everyone getting on the call with us today. And again, we’re looking back at this past quarter, which was a build up in the past couple of years, a plan set in place. We’re excited to see the acceleration in top-line revenue growth improvement in LTM attrition, net subscriber acquisition costs, servicing costs everything with the business is performing incredibly well. We’re excited about the future of the business. And look forward to getting on the phone call with you guys again in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Vivint Smart Home, Inc., Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Nate Stubbs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nate Stubbs: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon to discuss the results of Vivint Smart Home for the three months and fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Joining me on the conference call this afternoon are Todd Pedersen, Vivint's CEO; and Dale Gerard, Vivint's CFO. I would like to begin by reminding everyone that the discussion today may contain forward-looking statements, including with regards to the company's future performance and prospects. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance. And you should not put undue reliance on these statements. I would direct your attention to the risk factors detailed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020, which we expect to file within a few days of this earnings call. Please be aware that these risk factors may be updated from time to time in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and that the realization of any such risk factors could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In today's remarks, we will also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures for historical periods to the most comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are available in the earnings release and accompanying presentation, which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Todd.
Todd Pedersen: Thanks, Nate, and good afternoon to everyone joining the call. I'll start by recapping our terrific results for the fourth quarter and full year. Along with some of the key drivers of that performance, then I'll spend some time outlining some of our future priorities, sharing more of our vision for the smart home and why we think we have unique capabilities to deliver that vision as the premier end-to-end smart home platform company. Starting with the key financial highlights of the business, we had a strong finish to what was a very successful year for Vivint and our first year as a public company. Fourth quarter revenue grew by more than 8% to approximately $333 million. Adjusted EBITDA was approximately $147 million up over 17% from the prior year and producing an adjusted EBITDA margin of 44% in the quarter. For the full year, Vivint grew total revenue by over 9% to $1.26 billion and adjusted EBITDA grew by 40% or $589 million. We originated over 343,000 new smart homes subscribers in this past year which was an acceleration from the previous year and the highest we've ever achieved in a year. As of December 31, Vivint had approximately 1.7 million total subscribers, up more than 9% versus the prior year. Dale will provide more specifics on the financials during his remarks, as well as share our outlook for 2021. But I do think it's important to provide some additional context to put our performance in perspective. The fact that we turned in such strong result emits the unprecedented challenges related to COVID-19 pandemic is nothing short are remarkable. We've certainly seen a lot in the 20 years since I founded the company and we performed well through the past economic downturns. But 2020 was altogether different and the challenges we dealt with in maintaining our sales and exceptional customer service, while protecting our employees and customers were profound. Some of these headwinds were self-imposed such as our decision to essentially eliminate retail installment contracts as one of our financing options as well as stopping direct-to-home sales in Canada. But what we could not have foreseen was, having to move our call centers and corporate employees to a work from home environment, and pulling our entire direct-to-home sales team out of their markets, delaying the start of the summer selling season for six weeks during the first wave of the pandemic. Despite all of this we were able to substantially beat our initial guidance for total subscribers and adjusted EBITDA, this attributable to the fact that we were well-positioned as a business heading into the pandemic both operationally and financially. We believe our cloud-based operating platform and the Vivint user experience are better today than ever before. The end-to-end Vivint platform is driven by AI and machine learning. So it's continuously getting smarter and improving. And because each smart home is installed professionally by us, it ensures that those systems work as designed, delivering a delightful and transformational smart home experience to our customers. We believe we have been able to drive significant improvements in our customer experience as well as overall profitability and cash flow. Thanks to our strategic focus in three primary areas. First transforming net service costs through our vertically integrated business model. Second, bringing down net subscriber acquisition costs through Flex Pay and third, scaling overall G&A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation. As a final reflection on 2020, while we were fortunate that we were able to adjust our process to deal with the most challenging sales climate we've ever seen, we're still seeing the impact of COVID-19 on our business in terms of restrictions in certain markets. Additionally, our unaided brand awareness is in the low-single digits. We began the process of fixing that late last year, investing to drive better consumer awareness of the brand on a national scale. Those investments will continue as we tell the story of who we are, what we do and how we can add value to people, delivering the security and peace of mind they desire. But beyond the brand, we also think that now it’s the time to step things up in terms of overall vision to continue pushing new boundaries and delivering transformative smart home experience to every home. Vivint as an end-to-end smart home platform company with the most robust service offering, our vision is to extend the reach of the smart home experience well beyond where it is today by delivering additional services to the home, bridging even further to a truly autonomous home. Our smart home operating system processes over 1.4 billion daily events. And our proprietary platform collects and controls a massive amount of relevant data delivered through the Vivint devices in the home. There are many logical extensions of our end-to-end platform, including insurance, energy management, aging in place, in home healthcare, pet monitoring services, home inventory replenishment and deliberately home maintenance and repair. These initiatives are completely within our wheelhouse, in large part because we have built a platform that allows us to expand the many services homeowners’ wants. Our expertise has always been in redefining the home experience by delivering intelligently designed cloud-enabled solutions directly to every home. Our proprietary cloud-based smart home operating system, along with our well-trained team of smart home professionals makes it possible to create a completely customized smart home. Today we have over 20 million connected devices on the Vivint platform. And we believe the data collected from those devices puts us in a very unique position to deliver many of the additional services I just mentioned. From the very beginning, we are focused on building products and services that are comprehensive, easy-to-use and affordable for the mass market. Delivering a truly integrated smart home experience requires unique proprietary technology. The expertise to customize and install smart devices in a customer's home and importantly, the ability to provide services through the entire lifecycle of the customer via call center professionals or in-home support. That is why our nationwide workforce of over 10,000 dedicated smart home employees is such a critical differentiator to the Vivint model. We took hold of our first-mover opportunity in this emerging category many years ago. And we believe we remain the leader, while others are busy trying to bundle together multiple apps, hardware sets and interactions across different providers. We're focused on extending the lead we feel we enjoy. I will now turn the call over to Dale to go through the specifics of our fourth quarter and full year results, as well as to provide our initial outlook for 2021.
Dale Gerard: Thanks Todd, I'll walk through the financial portion of the presentation that we posted today in conjunction with our earnings release. First on Slide 6, we highlighted a few data points for the subscriber portfolio, which were strong across the board. Despite the economic and social challenges that existed in 2020, total subscribers grew from 1.55 million to 1.70 million or 9.2%. And total monthly revenue grew by 8% year-over-year. On Slide 7, we highlighted the revenue for the fourth quarter and the full year. Fourth quarter revenue grew by 8% to $332.5 million, while revenue for the full year grew by 9.1% to $1.26 billion. The revenue growth was mainly attributable to the aforementioned increase in total subscribers and total monthly revenue. Moving to Slide 8, adjusted EBITDA scaled nicely for both the fourth quarter and the full year. The primary drivers were lower expense, subscriber acquisition costs and scaling of service costs and G&A. For the year, we are proud to have increased adjusted EBITDA margins by another 1,000 basis points to 46.7% of revenue compared to 36.5% in 2019. While we feel we responded well to the challenges brought on by the pandemic, seamlessly transitioned thousands of customer service and corporate employees to our work from home environment. We had already implemented cost reductions even before the full impact of COVID-19 was felt. These actions put the company in a better position as the pandemic gripped the world. On Slide 9, we highlight a few metrics on new subscribers. New subscriber originations were 58,554 for the fourth quarter and 343,434 for the year. Both figures reflect outstanding results from our national inside sales channel and a strong second half of the year from our direct-to-home sales channel, following the multiple week delay at the start of the summer sales season caused by the pandemic. New subscribers grew by 27.7% in the quarter versus the prior year period and for the year we grew new subscribers by more than 8.5%. Furthermore, we reduced the number of Retail Installment Contracts or RICs by 85%. As mentioned on previous calls this has affected our new subscriber growth. But by shifting a greater proportion of our subscribers away from RICs and towards our financing partners, and pay-in-full arrangements, we have increased the cash collected at the point of sale thus reducing our net subscriber acquisition costs and improving our cash flow dynamics. Moving on to the right-hand side of Slide 10, our net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber for the year was $139 versus $1,018 in the prior year period, an 86.3% improvement, as we increased our upfront pricing for the purchase and installation of equipment and nearly eliminated the number of new subscribers that were financed via RICs. On the left-hand side of Slide 10, the improvement in the net service cost per subscriber had a major impact on our earnings for the fiscal year 2020. Our net service cost per subscriber declined from $13.73 in 2019 to $10.50 this past year. The solid improvement is due to the work of Vivint’s vertically integrated smart home platform, which encompasses the software, the hardware, the installation and ongoing customer support. As we continue to make improvements in all of these areas, we're seeing continued positive trends in both customer satisfaction and the cost of service. The result is that our net service margins continued its upper trend moving from 73.8% in 2019 to 78.9% in 2020, the provided net service cost explains a large portion of the improvement in adjusted EBITDA that I cited earlier. It's worth mentioning that service costs were somewhat muted during the year as homeowners either delayed service calls or elected and solved the issues over the phone because of COVID related concerns. Additionally, we saw higher service revenue during the year from upgrades and moves, which had a positive impact on the net service cost metric. We would also note that service margins dipped a bit in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter as expected. Based on how we generally put our new customers particularly in the summer, we tend to see service costs increase in the latter part of the year. Slide 11 depicts our typical subscriber walk, illustrates the changes in total subscribers at year end. One of the areas we were concerned about as the pandemic took hold was its potential impact on the performance of our portfolio. And we were presumably surprised to see our attrition improve year-over-year ending at 12.4%, which was 150 basis points lower year-over-year and an eight quarter low. As we have started 2021, our portfolio continues to perform better than expected in terms of attrition and other leading indicators. While we are very happy with the year-over-year growth in new subscribers, total subscribers, revenue and adjusted EBITDA. The $448 million turnaround in cash flow from operations is our biggest accomplishment in 2020. We stated that our goal was to get the cash flow neutral in 2020, but with the change in upfront pricing reduction of retail installment contracts and improving operating metrics, we will able to generate $226.7 million in net cash flow from operating activities compared to the use of $221.6 million in 2019. We finished 2020 with the very strong liquidity position of approximately $648 million, including $313.8 million of cash on hand. During the quarter we saw approximately 4.1 million warrants exercised, which also had a positive impact on our cash position and increased our public flow as well. Finally moving to our financial outlook for the upcoming year on Slide 12, the fundamental characteristics of our financial model remain highly attractive, particularly in the contractual reoccurring revenue that provides long-term visibility and predictability to our business. We have several initiatives in 2021 that we believe will continue to feel our leadership position in smart home. In terms of guidance for 2021, we expect to end the year with approximately 1.80 million to 1.85 million total subscribers, full-year revenue between $1.38 billion and $1.42 billion and adjusted EBITDA between $640 million and $655 million. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from the line of Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks very much for taking my question. Let me start with the outlook for the year ahead. You're talking of some new initiatives in the prepared remarks, the written document Todd sort of points towards something that it sounds like you are expanding the scope of your offering. So brand and scope somewhat, they may be the same to the 2021. Could you comment please?
Todd Pedersen: Yes, sure. As we had talked about – and by the way thanks for joining Paul, as we had talked about last year, if we had a clear insight into the fact that we'd be cash flow positive, we were going to start testing some branding exercises. I think we've said this before. We have less than 5% brand awareness in the United States and we're a company with 1.7 million subscribers and literally no brand awareness. So there is massive upside for our company to put ourselves out there in the market with the special operating we have with the fully-integrated professionally installed and serviced smart home offering. So we're really excited about it. We actually started doing that in Q3. Our actual – we're not going to talk about the exact specifics. We spent less than 10 million on brand in Q4 last year and this year it's going to be somewhat less than 30 million in brand spend. We have a positive enough result, even better than we have expected. From a response perspective, all of these things do take years-and-years to mature and gain momentum but very excited about that. And then the second part of that question is, we're a company that we own our own platform. I think everyone here knows that. And so we developed our platform out, our operating system out, somewhat like it was like eight years ago. So we think that doubling down and enhancing and improving that and kind of revamping that is important with some of the IT and technical tools for on-boarding customers and underwriting. So there's some investment happening on that side of the company. And then we're going to further explore some of the initiatives we have around insurance that we've talked about and then some additional investments in aging in place and the potential that's coming without question for our company, because of our position in the home, the number of devices the amount of data. And kind of figuring out how to approach that market to massive margin, it requires physically installed piece of hardware to collect the right pieces of micro data in a home, which we have in our house. So we have multiple initiatives like that and so there is some spend happening in those areas. And we're really making sure that as a company we're being thoughtful around the future of the company, how we're positioned, taking best advantage of the fact that we've got with this proprietary operating platform with lots of customers growing long life cycle of the customer. So we're actually really excited about it.
Paul Coster: You thanked me for joining the call. I got to tell you it's such a delight joining your call. So it just seems so exciting to me. So it's good to be here. Although a more sobering subject, you have filed the shell. And I think those of us who are looking at the stock rather than the business are a little bit irritated by that, we feel like there's an overhang not just fact but we were anticipating a refinancing of the debt. When are these things going to get done? When are you going to issue the equity or sell to – do the follow-on? And when are you going to refinance?
Dale Gerard: Yes, well, hey, this is Dale. Welcome to the bar. I think just to maybe state why we did the shell or what we did here, in connection with the Mosaic transaction that we completed last January, obviously January 2020, certain number of our shareholders or stockholders were granted registration rights, requiring the company to put up shell for registration that would cover those shares. Due to the fact that we were a stack or a shell company or a blank check, however you want to think about, probably emerging with it, we were not eligible S-3 eligible, so just recently and had to fulfill those registration requirements by filing an S-1 shell. As soon as we become or became S-3 eligible we decided to file universal shell on form S-3 to cover those existing shares, registration rights, as well as registration of some additional securities for potential offering directly in the future. At this time we have no present attention to immediately conduct any offering, so to that shell, the purpose itself was to provide flexibility. So that's kind of what we're thinking and unfortunately that's probably the best I can give you at this at this point.
Todd Pedersen: It's not imminent, but we're prepared – the markets we’re in, there's a need for the company to do that, then we can take advantage, so it's more preparation. As far as refinancing the debt, paying down some debt and those are still in consideration. I mean, obviously the debt markets are strong. I think we're now well-positioned from the financial perspective operationally and otherwise to go and execute on that. And so that's coming.
Paul Coster: So I guess I'm sort of seeing your comments on the shell just to mean that those with big stakes in the companies still are in the name after all these years, aren't necessarily are keen to sell at this price level. Is that a true statement?
Todd Pedersen: Yes, I mean, I can't speak for the major shareholders. I mean, there were some lockup periods that part of the agreement were six and 12 and some are 24 months based on some of the shareholders that they came in through back. So I can't really speak to whether…
Dale Gerard: And look Paul, I can say this, I mean from a liquidity perspective, we wouldn't – we're open to that if they would like to sell down at some point, because we need more to put into stock. We all know that, so that wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing. They haven't run to the markets to do a big block trade or anything like that, we all know this. But there is a point in time, in an appropriate sell-down over time would be beneficial to the overall company and the share price and allow more people get into this name. So we're kind of relaxed about that a little bit and they're going to make the decision as they go about, I happened to be a major shareholder and I'm not one of those.
Paul Coster: Right. Got it. Okay. The last question is the key performance metrics have improved dramatically this last year. As we sort of roll into 2021, the macro numbers are now perhaps more of the focus than the key performance metrics. Because it seems to me like some of the – there's going to be attenuating improvements at this point, it is difficult for you to keep that rate of improvement going over the result?
Dale Gerard: Yes. So let me tell you the thing that we're – and I've mentioned this in some of the investments that we're making into the company, the platform, the technical tools that we use to onboard customers in the field over the phone, serve our service platform. Again, it's all proprietary to both. We invest in those because this is what we know. The demand is high, even with all of the things that we changed last year. I mean, remember we eliminated new business in Canada. We eliminated RICs, kind of April timeframe stopped onboarding RICs other than an occasional RIC with system outages. So we're anticipating RICs would be 1% of our business this year. And then we put the direct-to-home program on pause for six straight weeks and then did a slow roll out. And so even with that, we get the numbers we did, there's demand for our products and services. And the more we get our name out and tell our story that we're going to start seeing better and improved top line revenue growth and sub-growth we're confident in that. So part of that invest into the platform to make sure that we can do that and handle that growth and deliver in a way that's kind of magical to consumer. So we're kind of doing some things in preparation of seeing some positive results on the branding side of the exercise of that. Some of the new – we have some new initiatives that we're doing around just testing out new ways to enter into the market or get into a home and expand in the home. So we have a lot of things, we are really excited that we're doing, we feel positive about and we figured out a lead to know better macro numbers. And then obviously we're always focused on what are the key things in the business like attrition and net service margin and all of those things, which kind of hard to improve, too much on all those very kind of knock those out of the park. But we're thinking about the whole thing all the time, Paul.
Paul Coster: Got it. Thank you so much.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
RK Raghunathan Kamesh: Hi. This is RK on behalf of Rod. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the nice results. I was wondering if you could compare and contrast your paid-in-full contracts, versus your bank financed contracts, any differences you'd call out in terms of proceeds at point of sale or attrition or anything else?
Dale Gerard: Yes, I mean, – Hey RK, thanks for joining the call. Hope you and Rod are doing great. What I would say is, what we see normally on pay-in-full, a lot of times those are customers again that maybe don't qualify for financing, for example. So they still want to get on the platform. They still want to get the services that we offer, but maybe they're not able to take three cameras and two door locks and so they're taking a smaller system. So you're looking on average those are going to probably $1,000 or -ish upfront versus somebody that takes the complete system, 15, 16 devices, six or seven, what I would call smart devices, so those are outdoor cameras, doorbell cameras, cross-over views, door locks access those types of packages. Those are going to be in the $2,500 to $2,600 upfront, so that's kind of how to think about the difference there. And again, the consumer financing that's free for any financing fees, right, so, we do pay financing fees with [indiscernible] do pay those over time or we pay those upfront as their loans grow. So on average, you're seeing that call it $2,500 ish range on a super finance pay-in-full call it $1,000 or something.
RK Raghunathan Kamesh: It's super helpful, Dale. Thank you and they're doing well. As a follow-up what's the sustainable level for net service costs and margins and what's included in your 2021 outlook?
Dale Gerard: Yes. So I'd say, we've said this all along. We had a couple of quarters, if you think about Q2, Q3, where and we called this out on all these calls saying, hey, we had a lot – we had fewer service tickets into the home, which is a big part of that service costs. As COVID was really taking hold, a lot of people didn't want people coming into their homes and so we were trying to take care of that most of them at phone. And so we've said, those service costs in those quarters were probably abnormally lower than what they would have been. I think we see service costs, what I would say in the margin range. We've said that probably in the 73% to 75% margin rate, service margin is kind of where we think were normalized service levels in terms of the service we're providing the customers and then the service requirements are what we're pulling in from customers in terms, either calls coming into our call centers or requiring us to actually go roll a truck out to their home, to fix up that we couldn't fix. By the way we fix 85% to 90% of those, those issues that come in from a customer we're able to do over the phone, because of our technology platform that we have. But that's kind of so long and short of the answer is probably that mid-70% range in terms of service margins.
Todd Pedersen: One thing I'll say, and may be this is for the future, this is not going to be 2021 impact, but there's going to be a cost factor there in investment. We see some more opportunities and we're constantly doing this because we own the hardware stack, the platform, the installation capability. We're always making improvements to the software and firmware. And then we see gains on connectivity and usability, and reliability of our system and our offering. We were going to be investing even more because of the AI and machine learning into more self-healing capabilities, more awareness around what's happening down to the unit basis on the hardware that we've installed inside of the home. And so we believe there's improvements and better economics to come. Just Dale made the point that its two quarters were kind of abnormally low, even though if you look at kind of on a trend basis over the past four years, when we came to – we came down from the mid-$18 per month level, down into what somewhere in the $11’s is kind of a normalized number. So we're very confident that that trend can continue over time. Now, there are things that need to be done and we're making investments in those. And part of it is, when we come out with a new hub or a new camera or new doorbell camera or the devices, they get better and better about staying connected and being reliable, which reduces inbound calls, technical support, truck rolls and such. So this is something we're constantly focused on.
RK Raghunathan Kamesh: Makes very much sense. Thanks guys and good luck.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you.
Dale Gerard: Thanks RK.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Erik Woodring of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Hey guys. Congrats on the quarter, I wanted to ask kind of a high level strategy question and then a finance question. So just to start high level, obviously then last nine months have been pretty unprecedented in many ways. Just curious, Todd and Dale from each of your perspectives and what were some of the lessons that you learned this year about your business and what of that can you apply to the business going forward to make it more efficient, make it more cost effective? Just anything you can speak to that and I have follow-up.
Todd Pedersen: So I think this, that I haven't heard that question. You're towards a great question. We had to transition, one thing we learned about the organization is we have the ability with great speed and efficiency to change on a dime. I mean, we like other companies we went from working in the office to work from home and had to change the whole dynamic of how we operate and took care of our customers, which by the way that's the most important thing. It's quality of service delivery or we are customer’s hand. And we as an organization made that happen very, very quickly with very little disruption and making sure that our employees were safe and protected same as consumers. Now the one thing and you saw – I mean, if anyone's noticed this, but our cash flow turnaround from 2020 to 2021 – from 2019 to 2020 staggering. In part of that was just deficiencies and spend, less travel, less general spend with some budgetary items that we went through and said, hey, look this isn't driving revenue per se. We thought it might and it's not, let's get rid of that. So we had become more efficient in the dollars that we're spending. And I think as a group – as a leadership group we've got a great cadence in making sure that those don't creep back in. So just making sure that we're improving with the dollars that are coming through and making sure that they're redeployed in a way that actually adds benefit and grows value to the business or delivers better service to the consumer or develops new product or services they're going to want. So look, I can say this organization, I'm so proud of what happened, how we responded to the year in every way form and fashion. And the most important is we didn't let our customers down and then the demand grew and intensified. And those are the ways you win in a consumer facing space as you deliver on what you say, you're going to deliver on, when you're going to – when you say you're going to deliver on that, because that the word spreads, we haven't had brand awareness. So it's consumer awareness to build relationships. So that's what I would say.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's awesome. That's really helpful. I guess maybe a relevant question then to touch on would just be on the cost side of things, clearly you saw a pretty sizeable uptick in costs in the fourth quarter, you mentioned brand awareness was less than $10 million. Can you just walk through kind of what drove the growth and costs in the fourth quarter? How much of that was kind of temporary or one-time versus permanent and then how to think about that into 2021? Thanks.
Dale Gerard: Yes. Good question. So, again as Todd said, there was brand spending in the fourth quarter, which we didn't have year-over-year. I think the other thing is, we extended – we were able to extend our direct-to-home program out into the early part of the fourth quarter, which we've never done before, so we have costs associated with that, that we wouldn't have had frankly in the past. So those are kind of the two big drivers of it. And then you did start seeing, again this is really part of the normal process of our service costs as we kind of – as we normally we'd put in accounts in Q2 Q3, and you'd start seeing a lot of Q3 going into Q4 and see service costs kind of come up because you have, that first 90 days after sales come in, you have some more calls come in, some of it is education, some of it's of helping people get the system set the way they want it set. Sometimes it requires truck rolls back up to the homes. And we started seeing some of that in the fourth quarter. Again, that's normal. We expected that in our numbers, but that's kind of how w3e see it. Thinking about – just to be kind of, as you think about 2021, it's going to be there'll be some odd kind of work year-over-year comparisons. Because again Q2 of 2020, we didn't start – really didn't even start direct-to-home April first part of May, we were shutdown really. So you didn't have any costs associated with that and it's popped up. We then coming out of April, we didn't know what the pandemic looked like, we didn't know how it is going to impact the business. So we scaled back and kind of cost. And our employees luckily allowed us to do something that we had to be stopped 401(k) paybacks for example. We didn't get merit for a period of time. We were able as the business went along and got into the fourth quarter, we actually reinstated merits. We actually did some study, reinstated 401(k) and some stuff around that. So we see all of those cost come back in the fourth quarter. That would've normally been there until Q2 and run rate out. But we're excited we put out the numbers that we put out in terms of our guidance. We're excited about, again as Todd said, really staying focused on those key metrics and really evaluating how do we spend our dollars. Travel was one, for example, not to pick on the travel, the travel is one it's like, do we need to travel as much to go see, partners separately, can we do that over Zoom, I mean, it's worked, it worked for nine months and we've done and the results are saying. So there's some of that we'll bring back in, but I think some of this Zoom and some of the other types of way to connect with our partners and our teams, we'll continue to do going forward for a period of time. Maybe broader, I mean, it's kind of part of the new branding.
Erik Woodring: That's really helpful if I could, if I could just sneak a last one in here, just in terms of your guidance, it looks like you're implying that you should get annual growth around like 3% next year. Just curious from your perspective or can you help contextualize, why we should expect that to grow? Is that implying new services? I understand you might not be able to tell us some of that, but just why we should think about that growing the way that you've got next year?
Dale Gerard: Yes. So let me tell you, what's interesting. Thanks for pointing that out. I don't want to, there's no nothing to be alarmed about with this, but we actually think it could be better. We're trying to be a bit cautious because the supply chain, like everyone else that manufactures products overseas there's concern around supply chain, we're good with the plan we have and we're showing you right here. But the demand for our products and services, cameras, doorbell cameras, they're not – we have homed 16 cameras in the map, that five years ago they didn't even want camera. And the way we are just connected and how they deploy and how people interact with them and the amount of interaction, I mean on this call, 124,000 live video views are going to happen in our customer base during this call. So the demand is so high, we believe it could have been better. We're working on trying to speed things up from a supply chain perspective. We don't think it's going to disrupt our plan at all, because we've planned quite a bit in advance to make sure we can hit this, but we think there's even. And we would have said few years ago, there wasn't much upside for that to increase. Now we're seeing the opposite. The demand for additional and more hardware professionally installed is increasing substantially. So we're excited about that. We're feeling like that, that's conservative because of the supply chain issue, not demand.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Super helpful. Thank you guys. Congrats again.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you.
Dale Gerard: Thank you.
Operator: Next question. Come from Kunal Madhukar of Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Kunal Madhukar: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. A couple of I got, one on the subscribers and the outlook there, given the acceleration that you have seen throughout 2020 in the national inside sales and the fact that, hopefully by the time we get into the actual selling season, you'll probably be able to deploy a lot more sales guys into the direct-to-home. Why shouldn't be the subscriber count end up at more than 10% growth on a year-over-year basis in 2021? And then I've a question on branding and brand spent, given the approved financial metrics and the profitability and the cash flow profitability of business, why aren't you spending more?
Todd Pedersen: Those are great – both of those are great questions. Here's what I would say on the direct-to-home program. We're still in the middle of this pandemic. We are being cautious about over hiring, I don't, if you remember that last year, we had a lot more people hired than we actually deployed. Put on pause, there were people that were concerned about going into the neighborhoods, in homes, or even on people's front porches to do consultative sales. The ones that did, we did it with all the safety concerns in mind and protocols. And we did all the proper measures to make sure that they were healthy, but – and we had a lot of success, but we're still, if we over hire and something, another disruption that happens, it's just very expensive. So we're trying to be not cautious, but just be balanced in our approach with the direct-to-home. And then from an inside sales perspective, it's still growing scam. We are wanting to prove out to ourselves and we think we have somewhat that it's just been a quarter, that the brand spend that we're doing in the specific areas, we're doing really are going to produce the results that all of our shareholders are going to appreciate. And that's – really what that means is it's going to lead to subscriber growth. We feel that's the case. We actually believe it or we’re in, and we’d say it’s good enough, it probably warrants spending more than 30 million this year, but we're going to reserve the right to do that if we choose throughout the year, if we continue to improve. But for now, we're kind of saying somewhat less than 30 million is a modest amount to spend. But I would suspect you'd see over time, if they continue to show the results are showing that that will increase over the next few years.
Dale Gerard: I'd say this – I’d add one additional point this describes is that, for attrition we finished 12.4% in 2020. Again, we're putting some caution into those numbers and maybe attrition is – maybe it's in the high-12% maybe even low-13%, but again, we're – there's a lot of unknowns out there, like still how are the economy is going to evolve, how they can impact the actual consumers. I mean, if there's more government stimulus checks put into the market, how does that impact our customers it seems like it was very good, our customers were in terms of how they performed in 2020. But again, so we're just kind of being taken what we know today in terms of what we see out there. Again, as Todd said around the sales side and then in terms of customer portfolio performance and trying to put out a number that we thing is reasonable.
Todd Pedersen: And these things are all things that have to work in constantly, let’s take this is what we know the product and services in the way we deliver them and how magical it is. It's going to gain momentum. We're perfectly suited for this environment. This new environment of working from home, some people back at the office, some that's kind of back and forth, even though with food delivery, DoorDash had more packaged delivery. We're like – we're perfectly suited for this new home environment. And we can take care of consumers in a very special way. So we're excited about the future. We have that opportunity to have a position to do that.
Kunal Madhukar: Thank you.
Todd Pedersen: Thanks, Kunal.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jeff Kessler of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. Hey, Todd? Hey Dale, how are you doing?
Todd Pedersen: Hey Jeff, how are you?
Dale Gerard: Doing great.
Jeff Kessler: Okay. Sitting at home. I obviously have a lot of questions I'll hit you later on when I get you back. If we take this down to the street level so to speak or to the actual customer where your rubber meets the road, can you talk a little bit about, number one, what you do – what you've done, that's different now in the onboarding process and also in terms of relating to that net service cost, what are you doing in terms of – in terms of servicing the customer, both of which are showing up in the metrics, but in the real world, I need to know kind of what's changed over the last year?
Todd Pedersen: Well, I think the simple fact is this. We own our whole technology stack. We're including sales, installation, monitoring, ongoing service, technical support, the entire feedback loop we own. It's proprietary to build it. Now obviously we will integrate with best-in-class products Google Device or an Amazon device, but we own the technology stack. And so we have the ability to have this incredible quick feedback loop. If a new product or a piece of hardware is causing more cause into the customer care or technical support department or causing more truckloads, we troubleshoot, we can troubleshoot quickly. It's our innovation center. It's our software and firmware engineers. It's our product designers. So this is – we've said this, and it's now proving to be not just true, but incredibly relevant to this business. And it's not just the margins. It's the consumer experience that's most important. If our service cost has come down with the – more it's 15 devices in a home, seven of them are smart home devices. These are door window sensors and to keep all in the glass break. Not that we don't have them, but these are really robust systems. I mentioned earlier, I just saw a guy today, 16 cameras at his home on the Vivint platform. He came and showed me, it's like – this is your company is so cool. Every single one of these are online. He had our system several years ago, four or five years ago when we were first coming out with extra cameras. And they would go offline sometimes. But we've troubleshooted, do all of these things I've talked about to make sure that experience is incredible. By the way drives down calls and service costs. So we think we're going to still continue to see gains from that respect. And when you say from an on-boarding perspective, what's your specific question?
Jeff Kessler: The first – those first conversations in those first couple of several weeks where the customer may have had problems, or may be more expensive to bring that customer on to get them up and ready, particularly if they're taking on a bunch of technology where they've been sold on 14 or 15 different items and being taught how to do it. How do you make sure that customer is satisfied a month or two later?
Todd Pedersen: Well, again, this is right back to the same thing. A 100% of our installs are done by our employees. They use our technical tools to do the installation. We have these health metrics with our, we call it the tech teams, our proprietary platform for installation, service and sale, all combined up into our call center and customer service center and ultra – that's all the data we can track on a real-time basis. I don't know of anyone else that can do that in this space. I'm confident they can't. And so it's – we just have these huge advantages in the market they're going to continue to prove themselves out more and more as we go on and the space gets more robust and deeper into the home with products and services, which is happening that's we all know that’s happening. And so it's – this is many, many years in the making. We didn't just decide to do this recently, or because someone else is doing it, this is a decision – we've made decisions over 20 years to invest in ensuring that the quality of service and the reliability and the magical experience is there. And it has to happen at the point of install. We walk away and things don't work well, that's a bad experience, and it's a cost center, and both of those are bad. And so we're getting better and better, better at those. Not that it's almost impossible to be perfect with technology and lots of devices that are connected wirelessly, but we're pretty darn good at it and getting better and I can assure you that over the next year and years. We have plans to continue to burn down those issues, eliminate them and make them our strong suits. So we're just getting started.
Jeff Kessler: But my follow-up is probably directed – actually probably directed toward Albany, the – below the cash flow from operations line to get down to what would be – what some of us would call just pure unadulterated, unfettered free cash flow. What are some of the subtractions that if we're trying to figure that out, we would have to be making – are you different in any other way than other companies?
Todd Pedersen: Not I'm aware of that. I'm glad that I can take a look. I don't have all that bottoming air, but glad to catch up offline we can walk you through that. We'll be final it in day or two. So all of our financials will be out there within the next day or so.
Dale Gerard: Cash from operating activities was, I mean, we just and we knew we were going to, by the way, we knew we were going to deal on all things, but we've had tremendous improvements operationally, financially, and that it was on purpose. None of it happened on accident and we're hyper focused on how we operate this business. We want to be known as great operators, not just from a financial metric perspective, but toward consumers, because that's going to be, that is one of the key differentiators. We have professional installed fully on proprietary smart home platform. And that's going to lead to the future of our business, which is what a true smart home is going to be, which is the entrance into the home to what we're doing is going to provide lots of outlets into services and technologies that we're going to be able to provide for consumers. We've got to be great at the first part, just as maintaining these hardware devices having them be stable, reliable, elegant, great experience, low issues, and then we're doing that.
Jeff Kessler: All right. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Morgan of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Todd Morgan: Thanks. Good evening, lots of information here. Just one thing that kind of I see is the branding efforts you've talked about. I mean, you've been very passionate about sort of the technology and the experience that you're offering folks yet. When I look at the ads, I kind of see two things and maybe I'm not seeing all the ads, but I see Snoop Dogg explaining, how easy to do it for me, installation model works. And I see the more traditional ads talking about doorbell cameras scaring way package dealers, and so on. Those were different messages than what you've just spent the last period here telling us about, I'm just curious as to kind of how you got to that kind of an advertising message. And is that something that you would expect to evolve even in 2021 or so? Thanks.
Todd Pedersen: No, I mean, look, I will here's what I'd say. There's no – there are no company that's done branding enters in and can tell the entire story with their first entrance into the space. That's just not possible. So we just wanted to say, hey, here we are. This is Vivint. We actually have something that's cool. That's professionally installed. You don't need to worry about it. But I can assure you that, we will continue to tell our story over time and that's going to be something that evolves. We want to make sure it resonates with customers and it doesn't overwhelm them also. A lot of people don't realize that they can get 15, 20, 30, 50 devices installed their home profession at a very, very reasonable price. And to just put that out there, like I say might just have someone tune out a little bit because they would think, well, that's, even though we're saying it, let's say on an advertising campaign, they may not believe it like that, that can't be affordable. So it's just – here we are, this is simple. Just give us a try little doorbell, put that on there. And then we're pretty good at sales and upsells, and so we can upsell them into a full system. And so you'll see it evolve all the time. We're just the response and how simplistic and it was on purpose. The initial entrance was we had a tremendous response.
Todd Morgan: No. Okay, great. Well, that's good to hear and great quarter and thanks a lot.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you.
Operator: And that's all the time, we have allotted for questions today. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Todd Pedersen for closing remarks.
Todd Pedersen: So we appreciate everyone being on the call and via webcast. Again, we want to make sure everyone knows that we're super focused on just making sure that we deliver on what we say we're going to. We think the future is super bright. There's a bit everyone on the phone knows this. It's a big industry, lot of opportunity, and we are best suited to take advantage of that because of this, the ecosystem we've built out technologically our 12,000 employees that are taking care of our customers and expanding our reach throughout North America. So again, we appreciate you all paying attention to us and to invest in this panel. So and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for standing by, and welcome to the Vivint Smart Home Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Nate Stubbs, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Nate Stubbs: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon to discuss the results of Vivint Smart Home for the 3- and 9-month periods ended September 30, 2020. Joining me on the conference call this afternoon are Todd Pedersen, Vivint's CEO; and Dale Gerard, Vivint's CFO.  I would like to begin by reminding everyone that the discussion today may contain forward-looking statements, including with regards to the company's future performance and prospects. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, are not guarantees of performance, and you should not put undue reliance on these statements. I would direct your attention to the risk factors detailed in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q issued in fiscal year 2020, including for our most recent quarterly period ended September 30, 2020, which we expect to file on or about the date of this earnings call.  Please be aware that these risk factors may be updated from time to time in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and that the realization of any such risk factors could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  In today's remarks, we will also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures for historical periods to the most comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are available in the earnings release and accompanying presentation, which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.vivint.com.  I will now turn the call over to Todd.
Todd Pedersen: Thanks, Nate, and welcome to everyone joining the call this afternoon. We are pleased to report another quarter of very strong performance. Our results underscore the importance of having a proprietary, fully-integrated AI-driven smart home platform, which is the backbone of our predictable and consistent recurring revenue model.  Touching briefly on a few financial highlights for the quarter. Total revenue and total subscribers grew by nearly 10%, reflecting healthy consumer demand for smart home and security services, along with our ability to retain a higher percentage of our customer portfolio. Our adjusted EBITDA margins continue to build upon previous quarters and expanded to new highs. Finally, we have stated our desire to operate the business in a more cash efficient way, and we are tracking to be cash flow positive by more than $100 million in 2020.  As we continue our focus on optimizing the business, we saw solid improvement across the board in many of our key performance metrics for the quarter. Notably, the last 12-month attrition rate improved by nearly a full point in the quarter and continues to exceed our forecasts. Our LTM attrition rate for Q3 was the lowest in the past 7 quarters, and I believe it speaks to the fact that our core value proposition, proven over 2 decades of reliably taking care of our customers and their families, is as relevant today as ever.  Vivint's fully-integrated and proprietary platform provides smart security and peace of mind to nearly 1.7 million customers across North America. Our customers interact with our systems on average 12 times every day, which provides our AI-based platform with over 1.5 billion pieces of data daily. This creates a real-time feedback loop, which enables us to proactively react to any issues happening in their homes. In many cases, we can identify an issue and are already working on a solution before the customer recognizes that something might be amiss.  By controlling the entire customer experience from the design of the software and hardware to the sales, installation and service throughout the life of the customer, we're able to provide a robust, reliable and elegant solution to our customers. We believe that homeowners recognize the value of having increasingly complex systems professionally installed and serviced. In this do-it-for-me age we're living in, we believe we have been the leader in revolutionizing the smart home industry by delivering what consumers demand: a fully-integrated smart home and security solution that is professionally installed and seamlessly managed. We believe this consumer demand is proven and our impressive growth. We added nearly 127,000 new subscribers during the quarter, up 14% from a year ago and driven by positive contributions from each of our major sales channels.  In today's environment of uncertainty, homeowners are spending more time thinking about and investing in their homes, which we believe is a very positive sign for Vivint. Our national inside sales channel continued its standout performance, generating 32% year-over-year growth in new subscribers. Meanwhile, our direct-to-home sales channel rebounded nicely from the COVID-related constraints earlier in the year, growing new subscriber adds by 5% versus the prior year period.  With coverage over 98% of ZIP codes in the United States, we believe that Vivint's premier model is in the best position to deliver a full smart home and security solution to virtually every household in the U.S. Consumers continue to expect increasingly complex smart home solutions that include integrated door locks, exterior cameras, interior cameras, lighting controls and thermostats that are professionally installed, monitored and serviced, but we're just getting started.  Even though we have nearly 1.7 million subscribers, our unaided consumer awareness is in the low single digits. The fact that we have been a leader in the rapidly-developing smart home market while relying mostly on grassroots efforts by our sales teams makes us believe there's a tremendous upside if we can increase consumer awareness on a national scale. As we look forward to 2021 and beyond, our focus will be on our key objective of building the Vivint brand and investing in new products, services and technologies. We want to do a better job of telling consumers who we are, what we do and how we can enhance our lives by delivering the convenience, security and peace of mind they desire.  In addition, we will look to continue our leadership and differentiation in the smart home industry by increasing our investment in technology and new product development to ensure that we are on the leading edge when it comes to delivering the products and services consumers want.  We believe Vivint is the clear leader in the Smart home and security solutions market. We are nationwide a fully-integrated smart home and security provider, and we have an opportunity to expand our business and accelerate growth by investing in our brand and technology and helping people understand the incredible value that Vivint brings.  I believe the company is ready to take the next step, and we're ready to handle the inevitable growth that will come with it. We have the technology and services that we believe consumers would absolutely want if they just knew about them. So we're excited about getting the message out, and we're excited about the possibilities and opportunities that exist for Vivint.  I will now turn the call over to Dale to go through the specifics of our strong third quarter results as well as provide our updated guidance for 2020.
Dale Gerard: Thanks, Todd. I will walk through the financial slide portion of the presentation that we posted today in conjunction with our third quarter earnings release. As Todd mentioned during his remarks, our results for the third quarter were very strong across the board.  First, on Slide 6, we highlight a couple of the key data points related to our subscriber portfolio. Total subscribers at quarter end grew from 1.56 million to 1.69 million year-over-year or 8.2%. Total monthly revenue increased by $6.3 million -- or 6.3% with an average monthly revenue per user or AMRU of $63.79.  On Slide 7, we highlight our revenue for the 3- and 9-month periods ended September 30. For the third quarter 2020, revenue was $319 million, up approximately 10% year-over-year. The growth in revenue was primarily attributable to an 8.2% increase in total subscribers. I would note that the third quarter 2019 revenue includes a $9.1 million reduction to revenue, resulting from a change in estimate related to RIC revenues recorded in prior periods.  Moving to Slide 8. Adjusted EBITDA increased significantly in the third quarter and year-to-date periods. The key drivers were continued scaling of our cost to service our subscriber portfolio, the expense portion of subscriber acquisition costs related to the origination of new subscribers and general and administrative expenses. We grew adjusted EBITDA by 53% to $154.5 million in the quarter while expanding our adjusted EBITDA margins by nearly 1,400 basis points to 48.4% of revenue compared to 34.6% in the prior year period. This is clearly a great result, and it's a function of a lot of hard work by our entire organization.  Although not shown on this slide, covenant adjusted EBITDA, which is the calculation used for our debt covenants, was $212.3 million in the quarter, an increase of $42.9 million or 25.3% compared to $169.4 million in the prior year period.  On Slide 9, we highlight some of our new subscriber metrics. New subscriber originations were 126,847 for the third quarter, which reflects outstanding results from our national inside sales channel and a nice rebound from our direct-to-home sales channel following some of the COVID-19-related restrictions earlier this year as the pandemic started to take hold across the U.S. Overall, new subscribers grew by 13.8% in the quarter versus the prior year period. We continue our focus to improve the cash flow dynamics of the business as evidenced by the 89% reduction in RICs during the quarter. While this has had some impact on these subscribers, by shifting a greater proportion of our subscribers away from RICs and towards our financing partners and paying full arrangements, we are able to increase the amount of cash collected at the point of installation, thus reducing our net subscriber acquisition cost and significantly improving our cash flow dynamics.  Moving on to Slide 10. We will cover our net service cost per subscriber and net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber for the quarter. We continued our trend of year-over-year improvements in net service cost per subscriber, moving from $16.38 in the third quarter of 2018 to $14.43 in the third quarter of 2019 and now down to $9.82 in the most recent quarter, a $6.56 improvement versus 2018. This continues our record-setting trend of achieving new lows in service cost per subscriber, and it demonstrates the advantage of Vivint's fully-integrated smart home and security platform, which encompasses the software, the hardware, the installation and ongoing customer support.  The result is that our net service margin continued its positive upward trend, moving from 68.7% in the third quarter of 2018 to 72.4% in the third quarter of 2019 and now to 80.1% in the most recent quarter. These efforts contributed significantly to the improvement seen in our adjusted EBITDA during the quarter.  It's important to note that given the seasonality how we generally put on new customers, particularly in the summer. We tend to see service costs increase in the latter part of the year. Additionally, as mentioned before, we believe service calls have remained abnormally low in the third quarter due to concerns related to the COVID-19 pandemic. So while we're really encouraged by the current trends and the corresponding benefits to our margins, we wouldn't anticipate sustained full year results at the 80% level.  On the right-hand side of the slide, our net subscriber acquisition costs for the last 12-month period ended September 30 were $209 versus $1,033 in the prior year period. The decrease represented nearly an 80% reduction as we have nearly eliminated the number of new subscribers that are financed via RICs by shifting to a higher mix of customers utilizing our financing partners or paying in full for the purchase of their smart home products. The year-over-year comparison also benefited from pricing leverage at the point-of-sale purchase of products and installation.  Moving on to Slide 11. We show our typical subscriber walk that illustrates the changes in total subscribers at quarter end and our attrition rate trend. One of the biggest highlights for the company continues to be the reversal in our attrition rate, which was lower sequentially by 90 basis points and fell to the lowest rate in the past 7 quarters. The third quarter measurement period benefited from a 2% sequential drop in customers that were in the end of their initial term life cycle phase. While the end of initial term mechanics helped, our portfolio has continued to perform better than expected in terms of the number of subscribers canceling and other leading portfolio indicators through October. We believe that the pandemic, social unrest and improved product performance as evidenced by our lower net service cost per subscriber are having a positive impact on our overall attrition rate.  Before we move to our updated outlook, I'll point out that several factors tied to our strong third quarter performance, leave us feeling very good, including our overall liquidity position, which stood at approximately $630 million as of September 30. Our third quarter operating cash flow was strong. For the 3-month period ended September 30, we generated $142.5 million in net cash from operating activities compared to $8.2 million for the same period in 2019. During the quarter, there were approximately 1.7 million warrants exercise, which added approximately $19 million to our September 30 cash position.  Finally, let's move to Slide 12, while I will address our updated financial outlook. We believe that the fundamental characteristics of Vivint's high-margin reoccurring revenue model are compelling. More than 95% of our revenue is recurring, which provides long-term visibility and predictability to our business. Many of our new subscribers initially sign up for 5-year contracts and remain on the Vivint platform for approximately 8 years, producing significant lifetime margins. Despite the many uncertainties pertaining to the COVID-19 pandemic, our reoccurring revenue model has proven resilient, and we remain comfortable with our previous revenue guidance.  Our better-than-expected attrition rate performance and an improving unit economics have prompted us to update our guidance for total subscribers and adjusted EBITDA. We are raising our guidance for total subscribers to between 1.66 million and 1.70 million versus previous guidance of between 1.62 million and 1.68 million. We are reaffirming our guidance for total revenue of between $1.23 billion and $1.28 billion. We are raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance to between $570 million and $580 million versus previous guidance of between $555 million and $565 million.  Thanks to everyone for joining the call. Operator, you may open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster: I've got three quick ones. First of all, Dale, can you talk to us about the debt refinancing plans?
Dale Gerard: Yes, Paul, thanks for joining the call. I think we're actually monitoring the markets to capital markets, and we wanted to get the quarter results now. We think they're strong. We think they're helpful in terms of whatever we decide to do. But we're actually monitoring, and when we're ready, we'll come out to the markets.
Paul Coster: Okay. Got you. The service costs are going up in the fourth quarter, although I think you said that they might go up in the third quarter, and they didn't. So obviously, you got a good handle on things. But I also noticed that the average monthly revenue declined. Can you just talk us through that dynamic a little bit?
Dale Gerard: Yes. So again, Paul, I think -- and we talked about this a couple of -- over the last couple of calls. We purposely are bringing it down kind of the average subscription monthly, right, because we're charging more upfront. When you look at the overall out-of-pocket to our customer, it's actually increased year-over-year in terms of the total dollars related to the amount they pay for the financing piece, which goes to the financing partner into what they're paying us. And so what we've done is shifted a little bit of what they were paying us in terms of that subscription amount each month to pay the financing partner. But we're able to actually bring more cash in upfront, which is why we're producing the level of cash we are in terms of cash from operations. So that's really the driver behind that.
Todd Pedersen: And to add to that, this is Todd, Paul, the $209 subscriber acquisition costs is a direct result of that. So this -- we couldn't be happier about that. But it does -- if you don't understand it, we appreciate the question, but it does look like revenue per subs is coming down, but it's actually not. We're selling more hardware than we've ever sold at a high-margin upfront. And so the business is working very, very well.
Dale Gerard: And then we're booked on the service cost fall. Again, we're cautious. We think that there's still calls in terms of truck rolls, and calls coming our call centers are still down somewhat compared to what we think would be a normal trend. And so we do expect, at some point those, calls will come back. But we think there's a big part of this, is where our new hardware, our software is performing better, and thus, that's also a big driver in terms of this. But we're very excited about where that service cost is on a subscriber basis and working very hard to keep it low as possible but -- and still maintain a very, very high-quality customer experience.
Paul Coster: Got you. And Todd, it sounds like you feel like you could be doing so much better if there was better unassisted brand awareness out there. And it also sounds like you've got these new products and services in the pipeline. I think, most recently, the insurance product is the one that you're talking about. Is that still the sort of first in line? And should we expect some big splashy event to get the brand out there? Or is it more subtle than that?
Todd Pedersen: So speaking to the branding, and again, I had said pretty clearly that until we were positive that we were going to be cash flow positive as a company, on a levered basis, which now we're kind of -- we've kind of put it out there, we're promising $100 million of positive cash flow on a levered basis, which we're very, very excited about, and we know the markets are, too. But we are -- and by the way, that includes money we are going to spend in Q4 on a launch -- a marketing launch.  Now we -- if you know anything about our company, we don't -- we like to test -- spend and test and test and analyze. And so we're going to be very, I guess, strategic and clinical about how we spend dollars on the marketing front, what to say, how to spend results that we can get from that. So we are launching in Q4 a branding and marketing effort nationwide. We've been working on it for quite some time, and we've known for a while that we're going to be cash flow positive for the year. So that -- we believe that's going to give us some great tailwind.  Now as anyone has seen a branding marketing campaign for a national brand goes, it takes time. This is something you've got to be committed to for years, not months. And -- but again, we've got to be very surgical and strategic about how we spend, where we spend and what we say, how we present the products and services that we have to the consumers, but we are launching that. I think in the coming weeks, you'll see something happen, hopefully. And then the next question was what, Paul, again?
Dale Gerard: That was it.
Todd Pedersen: No, no, there's something else.
Paul Coster: The new products' insurance. How many insurance for the first in line? Or is there anything else coming on?
Todd Pedersen: So we are -- so we are still very pleased with the way insurance is going. Again, we're not announcing numbers yet. We're being very patient about how quickly we launched that product, how we partner, how we position ourselves to our consumers. But I can say this, we believe we've got an incredible advantage because of the view we have into the data that is delivered through our smart home platform that is proprietary to pivot.  And I say this with everything. This is going to be a huge advantage for our customers because they have a Vivint product and they believe in our services, not just smart home technologies, but services that we have and are going to be delivering. They're going to be the recipients of the benefit of that. So we're really excited.  And again, maybe at some point next year, we start talking about the numbers and the relevance to the future of the business, but committed to it and continue to test and expand that product and service.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Congrats on the quarter. It's really nice to see. I guess I just wanted to touch on the attrition rate. Obviously, you guys -- it's coming down. Just would love to hear your puts and takes, what you're hearing from your base in terms of what's keeping them on board. Or I guess, said another way, what's causing them to not roll off the platform? And then kind of how that's changed from kind of your guys' commentary maybe 2 or 3 quarters ago, where you've talked about attrition rates possibly being higher into the end of the year? And then I have a follow-up.
Todd Pedersen: So this is -- attrition is an interesting thing. There's no one like silver bullet in attrition. It's a lot of little points of interaction with customers that determines their life cycle with us [indiscernible].  We've continued to improve. And again, this is really, really important. This is the differentiator with Vivint than everyone else. We create our own customers from a sales perspective. We professionally install the hardware that our engineers have designed and have written the software and the firmware for. We own our platform. It's this incredible cycle that -- and it's this feedback move that no one else has at this point. Others are trying to recreate our partnership to recreate that. But it's all -- it's lots of little points of contact and knowledge that we have to improve reliability of the product. It's how we answer calls, it's how we do installs, installation protocol, service protocols. And then this is just maybe not obvious, but it's obvious to us because we've been through a few downturns.  Our product and services, when I'm talking about smart security generally, has done very, very well through every downturn, at least I've run the company through. So the last downturn, we shared very well. And I think in general, if you think about the burglar alarm security industry, they've done well also as far as attrition goes. I mean I think people historically, when those things happen, they want to protect their largest investment, which is typically their home, their families, the assets inside of those. We provide that.  And then with this current environment of COVID, and people working from home, there's this incredible reconnection with the home, investment and kind of thought process around how people live and operate in their home, how they engage with -- and they're engaging with food delivery, grocery delivery, package delivery, increased demand for all of those services and how we integrate with that for consumer, making them safe and comfortable and giving them the knowledge that they wouldn't have without our services. There's all kinds of things that are benefiting our company today, and we're happy to do that because this environment is a little scary sometimes for people, and this provides nice peace of mind with smart security.  And here -- the great thing is, well, one, I hope things calm down on all fronts for everyone worldwide and our country. The -- I think that the engagement with our product and services and app on an individual consumer basis, has been incredible, and it's going to be remembered by our consumers.  And then again, I think you layer on with that, the fact that we are now starting at branding and advertising campaign really describing who we are, what we do, how we're differentiated and the value proposition that we deliver, we think we've got some good wind behind our backs.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. That's really helpful. And then I guess my follow-up would just be, why raise your subscriber -- year-end subscriber targets but not your revenue guidance? Just what was the thought process behind that? And any kind of moving pieces that we should be thinking about there?
Dale Gerard: Yes. I think, again, we're raising the subscriber targets based upon the fact that attrition is running much better than we had in our forecast. So our revenue guidance, the ranges, are we feeling comfortable?  One, the number of subscribers increasing doesn't impact -- I mean because we've got a pretty good-sized range there and we're given in terms of $1 billion range. We're within that range even if the subscribers are 20,000 or 30,000 or 40,000 more subscribers. So we feel very comfortable.  I mean if you go back, our revenue because this is the recurring revenue, we know going in, even starting to go into next year, we have a really good line of sight into what the revenue number will be. It's a little bit of moving around subscribers in terms of [indiscernible]. I think the other thing is we feel more comfortable today where we sit here in the first week of November than we did before in terms of the subscriber number, knowing how the metrics are working, how attrition has performed into a quarter plus or a quarter or so into the fourth quarter. So that's the reason why we made that guidance change.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI.
Amit Daryanani: Yes. I guess a couple for me as well. Todd. First off, you've talked a fair bit about just increasing your brand awareness and recognition. I just want to get and understand the strategy there. But could you just touch on -- have you tested this in smaller regions, smaller cities? If so, what do those metrics look like to you? And then as you think about scaling this up to the extent you're talking about it, what does that investment look like from a cost perspective in calendar '21?
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So we haven't tested the type of branding and advertising that we're going to do. But as you all know, we do -- we have an inside sales group that's about half of our -- half of the consumer adds on our customer base annually.  So we do spend money on branding and advertising. It's more lead-gen type advertising. So this is going to be slightly different. We're branding style. So we have not yet done it, and that's why we're not going in full force. We're going to test in but on a national basis. And from a dollar spent on branding, it's much more expensive to be -- to go into a city or region than on a national basis on a spend. So that's what we're going nationally, not just on a local basis.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. That's fair. I guess I was wondering if there's any way to dimension what that cost structure or cost will look like around that in calendar '21. And then I guess with Dale, the net service margins improved rather dramatically once again. And I understand some of this is more transitory in nature, perhaps even though on folks who come to the houses as much. But is there way to think -- if I look at the improvement you guys have had over there on a year-over-year basis, how much of that is structural versus something that's more transient that could go away in a post-COVID world if we get that ever?
Dale Gerard: Yes. So I think we believe that, again, we've been very focused on this. If you go back 24 months when servicing cost was, call it, high $18 range, $17 range, and this is the benefit of having this fully-integrated model where we own the software, we own the product, we own the hardware, we do the sales, we do the installation, all of that feedback loop that we have, the cost of feedback loop that we have allows us to know, hey, what are the issues. And as we said, one of the big issues and one of the big products that people want in their homes is video, it's cameras. Whether it's indoor camera, outdoor cameras, doorbell cameras, as Todd said earlier, there's lots of uses for the video.  And we knew that with some of the connectivity issues were a big part of that, which were driving up calls into our call centers, which were driving calls in related to driving us to have to roll trucks up to people's homes. Those are expensive, and you have to actually roll -- go out to people's homes and fix those issues. So we believe by rolling out some of the new products -- we rolled out some new camera products, new doorbell camera.  We've rolled out a new hub. We've upgraded the firmware and software associated with that, those products that service, and we've done a lot of work around the technology that we have from our tools when we're installing stuff around, hey, what's the Wi-Fi connectivity in this part of the house or this part of being outside on the start corner of the home and making sure that where we're installing equipment and hardware in those homes that it works and that there is Wi-Fi connectivity, and then we make sure it all works together before we're leaving. And so what I think you're seeing is there's a structural move but the lower -- and in terms of servicing cost will be lower. I'm not -- I can't tell you on the call today how much of that is, but we believe that there's definitely that movement because we're seeing less calls coming in.  And then we do know, too, because, again, the feedback loop we have, because we have to own this whole thing, is that we do know the type of calls are coming in, what those -- what are those issues. And we can go actually go work on those issues, whether they're, again, updates to the firmware, software, things of how we're installing the product in folks' home. So we think that's a big part of it.  Again, there's some part of it that's COVID-related. But fundamentally, we believe that we have this product and our services that we really are starting to fine-tune in terms of the cost to service those related to, again, calls coming in related to issues with the products. And again, a lot of that was around video, which we spent a lot of time and efforts to correct. Because ultimately -- and I think this also steps to the attrition that we talked about on an earlier question. If you get on your phone or you pull it up on your computer, however you're accessing the payment system and the cameras aren't on online or they're going offline, you're not going to be happy with the system versus today, you get on and the system works, the cameras are out there. You can go quickly to look at the events or you can pull it. It comes up and says someone's at your front door delivering a package. It works very well. It's seamless, your experience, that's going to drive customers to stay longer onto the platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shweta Khajuria with RBC.
Shweta Khajuria: Let me try two, please. Could you please run through why the subscriber acquisition cost decreased so much? And what -- how we should think about sustainability of that? That was a material decrease. And then the second one is, how are subscribers or potential subscribers responding to your new pricing plan or the change in the pricing plan? And yes. Just those two, please.
Dale Gerard: Sure. And I'll start here and then, Todd, you can jump in if I don't cover anything. I think I'm going to start in reverse order. I'm going to take your second question first, and then that drives into the first question. I think in terms of the pricing model that we have -- and we're always looking at this pricing model, by the way, and I think you'll see us make tweaks to it as we roll into '21. We're always -- as Todd said, we test a lot of things. So we tweak things, and we keep tweaking until we find the optimal. But I think in terms of the acceptance from customers, I mean we grew subscriber 14% in the third quarter. Year-over-year, we continue to add new subscribers.  And I think one of the things I'd say is inside sales is where you're getting leads coming from the Internet. So customers are going out on the Internet, for example, maybe they're searching for smart home, smart security, security. And they're going to see other people's offers out there, by the way, as they're doing that. And that channel is growing. I think it grew 32% in the quarter.  So we think customers understand it. They like the transparency of it, by the way. They like to know, hey, this is what I'm paying for the equipment that's going home. I can -- this is the equipment that I want to buy. It's not that, hey, you're getting stuck with the package of things that you don't really want in your home, whether it's sensors or whatever. They're picking exactly what they want, as Todd mentioned earlier. They're taking more equipment today than they've taken in past, and they're taking smart home equipment. It's not just a sensor here and a door or a window, it's outdoor cameras, it's the doorbell cameras, it's door locks, it's response servers. It's really those things that help them have better management of their home, and so that's -- we think it's been received very well in terms of the customers taking that from both of our channels.  In terms of the drop in net SAC, and we've kind of hinted to this on the last quarterly call, there's a couple of things going on here. One, we've reduced RICs substantially. If you go back to last year in the third, I think it's down 89% year-over-year in the quarter. And so if you recall, RICs are customers that we were basically financing and putting on our balance sheet, so we got no money upfront from those customers. Versus today, basically, 99% of the customers that we put on today, we're collecting money upfront either. They're -- it's coming from them financing through one of our financing partners, or they're just paying for it out of their own bank account. So that's fundamentally changing the amount of money that we're collecting upfront in terms of those customers.  And what you're seeing is, again, this is an LTM calculation. So what you had when we dropped from 9 -- I think it was about 950 in the first quarter to 630 in the second quarter. Now we're down to in the 208, 209 range this quarter because we're having those quarters that have higher RIC percentages that are falling off as we recalculate this out. So it's fundamentally changed the business. It's really driving the cash production is coming into this. We think it was something that we needed to do, and it's really changed, and frankly, allowing us to do some of this investment Todd's talking about in terms of brand and marketing and some of the other things we want to go do here.  In terms of how that looks, again, we'll tweak things. But I think, again, you'll have another quarter in the fourth quarter that as we kind of report out here in the next -- when we report fourth quarter, they have, call it, 8% to 12% RICs in that quarter, and those will fall off. And if you can kind of go do your math there, but if we have 1% RICs again, that number is probably going to continue on coming...
Todd Pedersen: So the answer is it's sustainable. So I think we've kind of danced around this for a few quarters. Our business model is working the way it's working. We've said it was going to come down from 1,000. And we've not pinned a number, but we are very close to cash flow breakeven upfront when we create a customer. I'll just say it. We don't have to dance around or think about in the future. Anyone on the call, it's now public. So which is an incredible dynamic for our business compared to anyone on the call that listen to us, to our earnings call back when we were a consumer of debt. It was $2,200 -- our gross acquisition cost was -- gross and net was $2,200 subscriber acquisition costs.  So this is an incredible turnaround, and you're seeing the cash dynamics for the business, which also is because of the reduction in service costs, which is also because of the reduction in overhead. If you look at our overhead numbers compared to the past years, we've been incredibly focused on being a very lean company spending where we need to reinvest in what we think we're going to get growth, better technologies, better software, better firm work, better service delivery. So we've been busy in the last couple of years, and we're finally seeing those results. And again, back to the -- how do we grow the business more, continue to enhance products and service -- products and services to consumers wanting demand and then really go tell our story.  Someone's going to probably ask, I'm surprised no has, who's your competition. Our competition right now is a lack of awareness of business. We did -- we have an incredible business, north of $1 billion of revenue, incredible margins, great service delivery, and nobody knows who we are. Not nobody, but it's -- I mean it's single-digit consumer awareness of our brand.  When people really do understand how incredible it is, what we can do inside of their home and interact and engage with the way they're now living their lives and the value prop that we deliver, we're going to -- we believe we're going to catch some wind from that perspective. And so we're -- and again, it's going to take time. It's not going to be overnight, but we're obviously patient and committed. So we have -- we're excited about what's ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kunal Madhukar with Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Akash on for Kunal. I just have two questions. I guess the first question being, looking at third quarter versus second quarter, could we dig maybe a little bit deeper into buyer behaviors? And any changes in product mix that you guys saw in 3Q versus 2Q? And then also on the topic of competition, actually, looking at the landscape, any new trends that you guys are seeing in terms of the competition as it maybe relates to Amazon Ring X System or Google Nest? And any color there would be great.
Todd Pedersen: Well, I'm going to talk first about the competition just because I said something and you asked the question anyway. We're always paying attention to what other people are doing out there. There's no question about it, we'd be crazy not to.  But this is a tough business. I mean -- and I'm not talking about the single point solution stuff like a doorbell camera or an Arlo camera on the exterior of the house. These are fully-integrated smart home systems on a very intelligent platform, 14 devices installed in a home. And so to do that, you've got to have a very capable installation network, which we happen to own our own, our employees. And then the ability to -- and we've talked about this quite a bit today. Kind of own that whole interaction with customer from the sale process to the installation, the ongoing support, either technical support over the phone or if needs be driving a truck out there if that has to happen to deliver what we say we're going to deliver. So we have not yet seen someone else step up to the level that we're doing this.  People have parts of what we have by way of nice camera design or a nice doorbell or nice thermostat. But we've got an incredible moat because of -- and this is 20 years in the making, incredible moat. To recreate what we've done is not easy. I'm not saying it can't be done, but very difficult to do.  And speaking to Google, I mean they did invest in ADT. And I think the partnership, which we're super happy. It kind of validates -- we believe it's not just sort of it really validates their beliefs and the need for this infrastructure to be in people's homes, beyond the phone, answer calls, install professionally these new technologies that are coming. But you did -- if you've noticed anything, Google also did in their Google Nest security product. So it's even for a Google expense, I think they spend a lot of money. I don't know the number, but it's a lot. I see their ads all the time. It's not easy. People don't just buy this off-the-shelf and just understand how to install it themselves. It's not that easy.  And then there is the DIY component of this industry, which we have that capability. We're testing that. We just happen to like to have really high margins, which we do; and a very long customer relationship, which we do. And as we've tested DIY, which we are, and we're capable of it. I mean that's the great thing, we have incredible flexibility in the services offering, pricing perspective. It's our hardware, our platform. We're not yet convinced that we want to heavily pursue DIY even if consumers demand it because we want to make sure when we get on this call, we say, hey, we had high margins and we have a long customer life and a huge profit pool ahead of us. We want to grow. We are growing at a very nice pace. We intend to grow -- we believe that there's a lot more growth in this space than what we show at this point. But we've got to invest in that and be focused on that, which we are. But we're not growing to grow just to add subs if it doesn't add margin, profit pool and customer longevity. We're not going to just chase that.  And again, we are -- it's a good question. We are absolutely paying attention, and we watch what other people do. But I would say this, we've got 20 years doing this business. And we believe we're the clear leader in the smart home as a service space, a clear leader and a lot of experience. And we're just really excited about the way that consumers are engaging with our platform, the number of interactions per day, the different use cases that they're starting to discover as they -- again, this is me also.  I'm so much more engaged with my home and my family because of the environment that none of us chose, it is what it is, and it's been unfortunate in some ways. But in other ways, we've had to learn how to do that. Enjoy the home is kind of our staycation, I think people are calling it. And it's our work environment for most of us a lot of the time. So we are perfectly positioned as a company that can deliver really interesting services and offerings into consumers' home right now. So we feel like we're a [indiscernible].
Dale Gerard: Mix of buyers [indiscernible].
Todd Pedersen: Oh, so mix of buyers, not much change quarter-over-quarter. I mean not really actually. Sorry, I missed the last part.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Morgan with Jefferies.
Todd Morgan: I mean a great quarter. Good to see, I guess, year-over-year growth in subs, even with COVID. Two questions coming out of that. I guess first of all, is there any way to think about how much better or easier it would be to kind of sell and close and install and service customers without COVID? As you look forward, I know you've talked about continued growth, but how much is that kind of holding you back now, if that's the way to think about it.  And I guess, secondly, you talked a little bit about the SAC cost, this is for costs being on an LTM basis, really only a couple of hundred dollars. I mean if my math is right, you're basically paying nothing to add subs now, and it looks like you kind of suggested the same. Is there any reason to think that, that doesn't continue to be the case? In other words, you can kind of grow with effectively a $0 cash cost of adding that new subscriber?
Todd Pedersen: Thanks for the questions. So to the net SAC, that's absolutely at this point a choice. And Dale said, this is kind of interesting. Before we had consumer financing, and the hardware was kind of part of the overall package, it was a little bit confusing. It's so beautiful now because customers really can just pick and choose either to pay upfront with no contract, by the way, no commitment, it's month-to-month from that point or user financing, 0% financing going forward. And the majority choose the 60-month financing. But it's an interesting thing because we now have kind of levers we can pull on where we want to be.  Now at this point, and again, things can change. I'm not -- we're not going to say nothing can ever change in the business environment or financing environment. But as it stands today, we are and can continue to operate at a minimum of breakeven upfront on the subscriber acquisition, which is absolutely amazing.  By the way, I don't -- when we really set out to do this internally as a group 18 months ago, I don't even know if we believe that we could do it, but the same goes true for the sub-$10 servicing cost. We had a goal by -- just so everyone knows on the phone to get down to $10 a month servicing cost about 3.5 years ago. So the fact that it's happened -- and some of it's in the environment that we're in, but others are my choice and investment, we're really excited about that.  So the answer is yes for now. Speaking to some date in the future where the economic environment changes and we are reliant on consumer financing group citizens, which has been amazing, in Fortiva, they've also been amazing, we can continue to do that. We think it's the right way to do this.
Todd Morgan: And then the other question is around COVID. The impact of that do you think that's having on sales.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So from a COVID perspective, and I think maybe we have had -- we obviously had to put our direct-on-sales organization on pause. We also -- and I didn't mention this earlier. I want to make sure I do again. We eliminated about 40,000 subscribers we would have put on in the past in the form of RICs. So when you really look at our sales performance, customer adds and revenue, it's not good, it's outstanding.  And so again, we have benefited from people being home, being more engaged with their home. Our performance on a per reps or sales per or sales per sales rep per day and revenue per customer, it is up substantially. It's up really nicely, I guess, I would say that right saying. I think we are going to see that trend, at least where we are, maintained because I think there is a lot more awareness in markets about who Vivint is. And as we layer on the branding and marketing campaign that we're doing, that we hope to perfectly describe how elegantly we deliver services to consumers, the quality of product, the design of the product, the value prop that we're going to keep those gains going forward. I'm actually fairly confident of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marlin Rio [ph] with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a quick one on attrition. A few quarters back, you had talked about kind of a 14.5% to, let's call it, 15% level, mainly attributable to lower cohorts coming due. And I was just wondering if you can provide any commentary on how -- given the improvements in the last 2 quarters, if that has changed or if it's been pushed out or if it's maybe been kind of spread over a longer time frame?
Dale Gerard: And I just want to make sure in terms of the question -- I mean we think attrition, again, we've seen really, really positive signs of attrition in terms of the number of folks that were canceling that were at their initial in the term. That's been much lower than we had forecasted.  Our payment indicators in terms of payments coming in from customers performed really well. So we're seeing really good performance of the portfolio. I think as we look to the rest of this year -- and again, there is COVID. There's cases spike in all across the country, and we can't -- we don't know how that's going to actually impact or if it will impact our customer base.  I think if we looked at this year where I'm comfortable saying it is we're somewhere probably in the a 12.5% to 13% is where we'll end attrition for this year, so kind of in the range we are right now. That's where I think we'll end this full year. And then once we get a better indication of how things look going into next year, will give us an indication of what we think for 2021.  But I think we believe that our -- that the big fundamental change in how our service is performing, how we're delivering that service and the products that we're providing to the customers and the fact that even though they're home, Todd mentioned this earlier, there's just that reconnection that remodeling of their home, upgrading their home, adding the service to their home is something that they're doing and they want that in their home, and so we believe those customers will stay on the Vivint platform for a longer period of time.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And that's what I was getting at, Dale, is that instead of saying x amount of cohorts are coming due, normally, we see this type of behavior, that the past 2 quarters have been much better than my expectation. So it's not that, that 14% or whatever that number was got pushed forward. You could actually maybe even see that attrition or those cohorts coming due maybe spread out over a longer period. I guess my point is, that 14.5% to 15%, is that necessarily still out there and just pushed out? Or based on what you said in terms of people reconnecting with their home, we could actually see a shift in that to some extent?
Dale Gerard: Yes. No, I don't -- we don't believe -- again, I'll just kind of give you the range, I think, for the end of this year. We don't -- and we'll give you next year. But we don't believe that 14.5% to 15% is it's -- you could take that off the table, I guess, is the best way to say it. We think we're somewhere again in this 12.5% to 13% range this year. And then we'll see what happens next year. Again, if things continue to perform as they are today, it's been -- we're going to be in that 13-ish range. But we don't think that we're going to see this spike back up to kind of that 14% -- north of 14- ish, 15% range.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Todd Pedersen for closing remarks.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So we just want to thank everyone for getting on the call. We are excited about the quarter that we've had and the year that we've had to this point. Hopefully, we've lived up and beat expectations, at least that we've told you in the market.  I want to make sure you all know this, we're incredibly focused on the current quarter, all of the dynamics of the business. We've got a pulse on everything, where we feel very confident in what we've stated and what we've promised for the year. But as an organization, and I think you'll learn this over time, it's not just the next quarter. We are investing currently in making sure that we make improvements and strides towards better service delivery and everything for the future of the business. We hope to continue to outperform expectations in the future. So thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-09 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Vivint Smart Home Inc. Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Nate Stubbs, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Nate Stubbs: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon to discuss the results of Vivint Smart Home for the three and six-month period ending June 30, 2020. Joining me on the conference call this afternoon are Todd Pedersen, Vivint Smart Home’s, Chief Executive Officer and Dale R. Gerard, Vivint’s CFO. I would like to begin by reminding everyone that the discussion today may contain forward-looking statements, including with regards to the company’s future performance and prospects. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are not guarantees of performance. You should not put undue reliance on these statements. You should understand that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed in the Risk Factors section in our annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2019, and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q issued in fiscal year 2020, including for the quarter period ended June 30, 2020, which is expected to be filed on or about the date of this earnings call, as such, factors may be updated from time to time in company’s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In today’s remarks, we will also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures for historical periods to the most comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are available in the earnings release and accompanying presentation, which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Todd.
Todd Pedersen : Thanks, Nate, and good afternoon to everyone joining the call. I hope everyone continues to be healthy and safe in the current environment. Today, we will cover three main topics. One, discuss our strong financial and operating results for the second quarter; two, review our success in optimizing our portfolio economics and the resilient performance of a recurring revenue platform; and three, talk about the strong demand for our services as homeowners have spent more time focused on reconnecting with their homes. We’ve done a great job as an organization navigating the challenges and uncertainties encountered during the first half of 2020. And we are very pleased with the significant improvements across all our key metrics in Q2. Revenue and total subscribers continue to grow at a steady pace, reflecting healthy demand for our smart home and security solutions despite a pause in our direct-to-home sales efforts for the first six weeks of the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margins continue to expand meaningfully and we now expect to be cash flow positive in 2020. Dale will dive into more specifics on the financial results in his remarks and he will also share updated thoughts on the full-year outlook, which we are revising upward given recent momentum in the business. Vivint now delivers smart home and security services to more than 1.6 million customers across North America. Our incredible results during what has been an extremely challenging time supports what we’ve said all along. The customers value the peace of mind that our fully integrated services offer and that our high-margin recurring revenue model is built not only to be resilient, but also to thrive in the current environment. This is a time when people are reconnecting with their homes and we believe that Vivint is perfectly positioned for what could be a lasting change. In fact live video views through the Vivint app and panel increased by 19%, and the views of recorded video increased by 15% from Q1 to Q2. Although our customer value proposition is clear, our ability to add nearly 108,000 new smart home subscribers during the quarter is remarkable, given the fact that we paused all direct-to-home sales from mid-March to early May. We discontinued all direct-to-home sales activities in Canada and we mostly eliminated the number of new customers we generate from retail installment contracts. Despite these self-imposed limitations, new subscribers were off by just 3% from a year ago when no constraints are in place. Our national inside sales team, on the other hand, hasn’t missed a beat and continue to see strong demand in the quarter, generating 25% year-over-year growth in new subscribers. We resumed direct-to-home sales in early May, as states around the country begin reopening their economies. Aside from the delayed start, our summer sales program is proceeding well and we’re actually seeing productivity gains versus the prior year. Another powerful tailwind is that we’re funding virtually all new customers through our paid-in-full or third-party financing with Vivint Flex Pay. This allows us to bring on new subscribers in a much more capital efficient way. Our external financing partners have remained committed to underwriting high volumes of high credit quality smart home customers. And we believe we have a significant edge versus our competitors by providing customers with options to easily finance a full smart home experience, while also dramatically improving our unit economics and cash flow dynamics. The nearly half point decrease in attrition this quarter is another standout result and frankly beat our internal plan by a significant margin. This speaks to the fact that our core value proposition proven over two decades of taking care of our customers and their families is as relevant as ever, as people are reconnecting with their homes in the current environment. Today we have well over 20 million connected devices on a proprietary cloud-based platform that enables customers to seamlessly manage and protect their homes. We believe we are uniquely qualified to help our customers deal with the current environment across the various smart home devices we support from door locks, outdoor and indoor cameras, thermostats, lighting controls, smart speakers, garage doors and many other connected devices. We recently announced a partnership with Chamberlain, the leading garage door manufacturer to integrate myQ Smart Garage technology into our platform. Vivint customers with a myQ Smart Garage can now control secure and monitor their garage anytime from anywhere using the Vivint Smart Home app. All these innovative products are designed to work together seamlessly through our elegant platform that homeowners can control from their in-home touchscreen hub through a single app on their phone or by simply using the voice. Our improved guidance for the full year underscores the confidence we have in our high-margin recurring revenue model. We are seeing healthy demand across all our sales channels for our smart home and security offerings and we are fully prepared to meet that demand. We continue to be judicious around overhead spend, budget and projects, and we now believe that we will be cash flow positive in 2020. To that point, we generated $111 million in cash from operating activities in the second quarter alone. We’re excited to continue reporting our progress on this front. Before concluding my remarks, in light of recent events nationwide, I believe it’s important to express how much we value diversity and inclusion at Vivint. The issues of racial inequity and injustice are significant and we must all take ownership of these issues. We can start by simply listening to each other, engage in productive conversations, re-examining our own views and actions, and ultimately being part of the positive change. I will now turn the call over to Dale to go through specifics of our strong second quarter results, as well as provide our updated guidance for 2020.
Dale Gerard: Thanks, Todd. I’ll walk through the financial slide portion of the presentation that we posted today in conjunction with our earnings release. Overall, results were very strong across the board and this outperformance informs our decision to raise our guidance range for the full year, which I’ll cover later. But first on slide seven, we highlight our revenue for the second quarter six-month period ended June 30. For the second quarter 2020, revenue grew by 8.9% to $306 million. The growth in revenue is attributable to a 6.8% increase in total subscribers as well as a 2.1% increase in the average monthly revenue per user. Our average monthly revenue per user was up $1.31 in the quarter versus last year. Moving to slide eight. Adjusted EBITDA has scaled significantly in the second quarter and six-month periods. The drivers were lower selling expenses and net service costs and continued scaling of our G&A. For the quarter, we are proud to have expanded adjusted EBITDA margins by 2000 basis points to 49.9% of revenue compared to 31.4% in the second quarter of 2019. This is clearly a great result overall and a function of a lot of hard work by our entire organization. Due to some seasonality inherent in our business, we wouldn’t necessarily anticipate sustained full-year margins at that high level. It should be noted, for example, that the lower service costs we saw in the second quarter was due in part to fewer service calls and truck rolls due to concerns over COVID-19, while we do believe to be sustainable on a number of cost reduction initiatives that we completed during the first quarter and then are expected to meaningfully reduce G&A and overhead costs by streamlining our operations, focusing engineering and innovation, and driving better customer satisfaction. In addition to these actions and because analyzing how we operate more efficiently is a continuous exercise at Vivint, we initiated another round of focused cost-cutting during the second quarter to further reduce our discretionary spend. As a result of these actions, we have achieved greater than $30 million in permanent annualized fixed cost reductions. Meanwhile, covenant adjusted EBITDA, which is the calculation used for our debt covenants, was $200.5 million in the period, scaling by $45 million compared to $155.3 million in the second quarter 2019. As you look on slide nine, we highlight a few data points for the subscriber portfolio which were strong across the board. Total subscribers at quarter end grew from 1.51 million to 1.61 million year-over-year or 6.8%. Average Monthly Revenue per User, or AMRU, also increased to $64.66, up 2.1% year-over-year. AMRU has been growing from the recognition of deferred revenue and effective cost selling of new products, such as our newest generation of outdoor and doorbell cameras. On the next slide, slide 10, we highlight a few points on new subscribers. New subscriber originations were 107,980 for the second quarter, which was quite resilient considering that direct-to-home sales were paused in the U.S. for the early part of the quarter. We discontinued all direct-to-home sales in Canada during the quarter and we reduced a number of retail installment contracts or RICs by over 89%. One last point, by shifting a greater portion of our subscribers away from RICs and toward our third-party financing partners and pay-in-full, we are able to grow the point of sale revenue, thus reducing our net subscriber acquisition costs and significantly improving our cash flow dynamics. As we look to the future, we will continue to align the organization on delivering a true smart home experience to millions of homes in a profitable and cash efficient way. Moving to slide 11, we will cover our net service cost per subscriber and net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber. The reduction across both these key metrics continue to be a significant driver of our earnings improvement during the second quarter of 2020. We’ve continued our trend of year-over-year improvements in net service cost per subscriber, moving from $16.71 in the second quarter of 2018 to $13.13 in the second quarter of 2019, and now to $9.93 in the most recent quarter, a $6.78 improvement versus 2018. This represents the lowest service cost per subscriber in the last ten years by a significant margin and it demonstrates the advantage of Vivint’s fully integrated smart home cloud platform, which encompasses the software, the hardware, the installation and ongoing customer support. The result is that our net service margin continued its increasing trend moving from 68.6% in the second quarter of 2018 to 75.2% in the second quarter of 2019, and now 80.2% in the most recent quarter. These efforts contributed greatly to the improvement seen in our adjusted EBITDA. It’s important to note here that given the seasonality of how we generally put on new customers, particularly in the summer, we tend to see service costs increase in the back half of the year. Additionally, as mentioned before, we believe service calls were abnormally low in the second quarter due to concerns over the coronavirus. So while we’re really excited and encouraged by the current trends and the corresponding benefits to the margins that we are seeing, we wouldn’t anticipate sustained full-year results at that level. On the right hand side of slide 11, we highlight the recent trend on our average net new subscriber acquisition cost. For the LTM period ended June 30, 2020, net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber decreased to $630. That’s 40.8% lower compared to the prior LTM period, as we have nearly eliminated the number of new subscribers that are financed on a Vivint retail instalment contract and shifted to a higher mix of customers, utilizing our financing partners or paying in full for the purchase of their smart home products. During the quarter, we also benefited from pricing leverage on the point of sale purchase and installation of equipment. Moving on to slide 12. Slide 12 is a normal subscriber walk to illustrate the changes in total subscribers at quarter end. The biggest and most pleasant surprise was a reversal in attrition, which was lower sequentially for the first time in nine quarters. It is worth reiterating that our attrition has trended higher than our historical averages, given the higher percentage of customers that are in the end-of-term life cycle phase. First, the attrition rate for a customer cohort changes as it progresses through different phases of the life cycle. We define these phases as in-term, end-of-term and post initial term. Each phase carries with it a corresponding expected attrition rate, with attrition at its highest during the end-of-term phase. As we have shared in the past earnings calls, the cohort attrition curves remain fairly steady. The second factor that affects attrition is the percent of total customers in each stage of their life cycle. The percent of customers in the end-of-term phase rose in 2019 and will stay elevated in 2020 before beginning to fall in 2021. In the second quarter, attrition reversed course and was lower sequentially by 40 basis points to 13.7%. This still remains higher than our long-term trend for attrition, but was much better than our expectations given the higher percentage of customers that are in the end-of-term phase. And for what it’s worth, our portfolio has continued to perform better than expectations in terms of attrition and other leading indicators through the end of July. Now we know there is a lot of curiosity out there regarding how we think our attrition curve may change as a result of the pandemic. The news on this front is all positive at least thus far. As to the potential drivers, our past experience through severe economic downturns, combined with the unique effects of the current pandemic and leading more people to reconnect with their homes and place tremendous value on our smart home solutions, as well as the general propensity for customers to focus inward and prioritize home security during times of crisis are some of the main factors that come to mind. Before we move to our updated outlook for the year, I’ll point out that several factors tied to our strong second quarter performance leave us feeling very good about our overall liquidity position, which stood at approximately $478 million as of June 30. Our second quarter was strong from an operating cash flow perspective. For the three months ended June 30, we generated $111 million in net cash from operating activities compared to a use of $88 million for the same period in 2019. The strength in cash generation has carried through the end of July and we have repaid all of the outstanding amounts on our revolving credit facility. During the quarter, we also saw approximately $6.6 million of warrants exercised, which has a positive impact on our cash position and it increased our public float as well. Finally, let’s move to slide 13 where I will address our updated financial outlook for the year. Over 95% of our revenue is recurring, which provides long-term visibility and predictability to our business. Most of our new subscribers that finance their smart home chooses to enter into a five-year contract and remain on the platform for approximately eight years, driving significant lifetime margin dollars. Despite the many uncertainties pertaining to the COVID-19 pandemic, our reoccurring revenue model has proven resilient to any of the major downsides and we are comfortable with essentially restoring our original guidance for subscribers and revenue that we provided in early March before the country went on lockdown. Meanwhile, our strong unit economics and scale have contributed to our ability to drive significant adjusted EBITDA improvement. And that is reflected in our updated range. In terms of revised guidance based on our stronger than expected second quarter performance, solid demand for our products and services and having the full complement of sales channels available to acquire new Vivint customers, we expect to end 2020 with 1.62 million to 1.68 million total subscribers versus previous guidance of 1.55 million to 1.62 million. Our estimate for 2020 revenue is $1.23 billion to $1.28 billion versus previous guidance of $1.20 billion to $1.25 billion. And finally, we are raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance to between $555 million and $565 million versus previous guidance between $525 million and $535 million. Operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul Coster: Wow, that was pretty awesome. Hard to kick this one apart, it was such a good news under the circumstances, really quite impressive. So Todd, you said you’re going to be cash flow positive in 2020, so you are ahead of expectations. Is it sustainable? Or is the -- does this feel like just, for instance, the RIC number was also just so low. And I’m just wondering, do you think all of this is sustainable?
Todd Pedersen: Yes, we actually do believe it’s sustainable. And as Dale mentioned, the reduction of RICs led to that number. And by the way, side note to the reduction of RICs, should -- we should see over time an improvement in attrition number on this pool of accounts that we put on this -- the underwriting on this year’s book of business is outstanding. But yes, it is sustainable. We’ve made some very good changes to the business and I think one that’s listened to us. This is not -- this didn’t just happen. We’ve been working on the changes to the business models of the company, the cost structure for quite some time now and this just kind of a revelation of what we’ve been intending to do. So, I think the answer is yes, it’s sustainable.
Paul Coster: Right. Got it. And then, of course, I mean, is it a competition or is it a validation where Google seems to be trying to help ADT catch up with you a bit, what does that mean to you?
Todd Pedersen: Well, I think you hit it on the head. It’s absolutely a validation of the model that Vivint delivers into the market, Smart Home as a Service. It absolutely requires great tech. But in the need for -- install ongoing service and providing the bulk of them is critically important to delivering really an elegant situation within. And so, yes, we’re upbeat. When I read the news, honestly, -- that’s great. We’ve been saying all these all along. This is a huge TAM, is a huge opportunity and someone with the likes of Google investing into this space that you’re in, you got to be -- that’s got to be a good thing for us.
Paul Coster: Okay, great, Thanks so much.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. Likewise, nice job in a tough environment. Couple of questions for you. I wanted to start off with the new subscriber linearity and see if you could give us some idea of how that flowed through the quarter? And then secondly, just wondering if you could give us any idea as what attrition might look like as you look forward through the rest of the year. If you can give us any kind of idea for what you’re thinking on attrition in the next couple of quarters that would be useful. Thank you.
Dale Gerard: Yes, this is Dale. Hey, Rod. Thanks for joining. I think in terms of subscribers is tough. As we said, we had -- direct-to-home was really paused for the first six weeks of the quarter. So we really started rolling out direct-to-home to the different locations around the second week of May. And we saw a very quick ramp from those teams and continue to see really good production from those teams across all offices, across all states that we’re in. And we’re in most states that we wanted to be in. There is not like areas that we didn’t go to. You roll teams out to where we expected to go out to. And they seem to be reporting well. And then when you look at inside sales, inside sales was really strong in the first quarter and that carried right into the second quarter. That’s a more kind of ratable in terms of -- those are leads coming in from SEO and different referrals and so forth. And that volume and that demand has been very, very strong across the full -- for the full quarter. So we’re seeing that demand continue into the third quarter here. And then, go ahead, Todd.
Todd Pedersen: Well, the one thing I want to note and this is very important and again it’s been mentioned already, but the fact that we’ve put the numbers up that we have proven very substantial demand from consumers for the Vivint Smart Home offering. We are not on boarding new customers in Canada, which was a decent percentage of our overall business in the past, and then the elimination of RICs and also the pause on direct-to-home. When you look at it on the whole and you don’t know the past, it looks good, considering, like you said, the environment. But when you really add it up together, the performance of Vivint in Q2 was outstanding. It’s hard to describe how happy we are about how we’re positioned, the consumer view on the product and services that we offer, the value we provide and really demand coming into the company.
Dale Gerard: And then just to touch quickly on your question around attrition. I mean, attrition again, we were very, very happy with how the attrition performed in the second quarter. We again think that’s how people are really reconnecting with their homes, really valuing the services that we offer. And we’re seeing the engagement with the platform, even though people are at home, the engagement is as high or higher than what we’ve seen in previous quarters, because people are using it. Just a different way, they’re using the cameras more. They’re engaging more throughout their home with that, with the system. For example, like having deliveries to your front door, being able to use your door-up camera to talk to those people, see what packages are dropped off. Those types of interactions with the system we’re seeing more and more, now that people are actually kind of in their homes and wanting to understand who is coming through that front door or what’s being left at that front door. But we’re also cautious about attrition. In terms of -- we still have a higher percentage of customers in their kind of end-of-term life cycle. That’s still about 20% of our portfolio. And we know those customers normally perform at or have higher attrition, when they’re in that kind of phase of their life cycle. And then we’re also cautious about the economy in the second half. And so what I would tell you from attrition is we think it’s performing really, really well right now. But we’re also cautious as to what it will look like in the -- for the rest of the year, but we're feeling rather confident that we're seeing good performance out of it and will continue through the rest of the year.
Rod Hall: Okay, great. Well, thanks for that. And congrats again on the numbers. Thank you.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you.
Dale Gerard: Thanks, Rod.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: I guess a couple for me as well. Maybe to start off with on the net subscriber acquisition costs. That came in a lot lower than I think we were modeling at least. And it sounds like it really reflected the fact that you were able to raise pricing on the upfront cost. Was there any other factors that were at play as well that dropped this number down? And I'm just wondering, if you start to raise the pricing for these starter packs, do you think that impedes demand of your subscriber growth eventually?
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So obviously, we did change the pricing in our starter kit package. And it was incredibly well received from the consumer. And from a consumer's point of view, the dollars they're paying between ourselves and our financing partner does -- had really didn't change. It changes the balance of it, but it doesn't change the actual dollars paid on a monthly basis. And then I would just say that our performance spoke for itself when it comes to demand. It was increased demand, elevated numbers better performance on a per rep average for the direct-to-home program. And again, Dale spoke to the inside sales group and their performance year-over-year. So absolutely did not affect demand from consumers.
Dale Gerard: And then, it's been -- this is Dale. The other point of driving down kind of that net SAC is the fact that we reduced RICs of about -- almost 90% year-over-year. And that's not just a one-time kind of, hey, we did that in the second quarter. Our goal once we started rolling out Flex Pay and bringing on the finance partners was to bring RICs down to essentially zero. We'll have -- probably have some RICs as we go, but that's another big driver of the fact that we were able to take RICs down. And if you recall, RICs, just real quick is, as the -- as their contracts with Vivint is put in our balance sheet, we basically get no money upfront from those customers. So by being able to lower those substantially and move more of that upfront to our financing partners or to the customer actually paying in full for out of their own account, that's enabled us also to bring that net SAC down.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. That's really helpful. And then if I could just follow up, when I look at the new subscriber numbers and I completely understand how difficult Q2 was, right, it was down 3% I think or something like that, the new subscriber growth number, I'm curious if you look at maybe the month of June or the six weeks where you were not in a complete shutdown, what did that trend line look like? And then any indication in terms of how that's looked in the month of July as well?
Todd Pedersen: So, we probably won't get that granular. But again, when I'd try to reiterate this. When you look at the numbers on an apples-to-apples basis, if you compare to the customers we underwrote in 2019 to 2020, the fact that we're only down 3% net subscriber adds is outs -- when I say outstanding, it's beyond outstanding. We eliminated 12% of the customers we would have underwritten last year and did not this year and still attain that. And on a revenue basis, because of the increase in revenue per subscriber per month, we actually were ahead of last year. So I can't reiterate this enough that it was just a tremendous quarter. And I would say the trend continues. So we can't get too granular on what's happening currently and going forward. But we feel like we're in a very positive situation. It's due to a lot of factors, but really consumer demand increased -- Dale mentioned this, people are really reconnecting with their home and we're seeing the benefits of that. We're one of those companies that really is having a positive effect from the fact that people are home, are looking at their home as their new environment and that we think that might be a lasting change over time.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. Last one from me and I'll leave after this. Given the better free cash flow expectations for the year, do we think about the company wanting to delever more quickly? Or how do you think about capital usage, given the fact this free cash flow positivity is getting pulled in a fair amount? That would be great. And congrats on a good quarter, guys.
Dale Gerard: Yes. Thanks. I think in terms of how we think about the cash flow, I mean, we continue -- we've said all along we wanted to kind of get to cash flow neutral this year. We're way ahead of our original projections of 12 to 18 months. And then we've also laid out a goal to be three times or less on a leverage ratio, on an EBITDA-to-debt ratio. So I think we'll look at that the cash that we have continued to generate and we'll look at how we want to use that cash, whether that's to pay down debt or to make other investments into the company, whether that's new products, new services. We don't -- Todd has talked about this quarter, we don't really have a brand out there. And so do we want to actually go spend some money on branding the company, which we think would even drive more customers to the growth overall for a long-term vision, so we'll decide how we go. But we're very, very excited about the fact we're able to kind of get this cash flow positive in the second quarter and we believe that will continue throughout the rest of the year. Yes. The last thing, I just recalled, and I said this on the -- as part of my remarks, we get paid down the revolver. We had $105 million outstanding on revolver at end of June and we did pay that down in July. And so we were able to kind of pay that revolver fully back and we're setting cash on the balance sheet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kessler with Imperial Capital. Your line is open.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. And hello, gentlemen.
Todd Pedersen: How are you doing?
Dale Gerard: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Kessler: I'm doing good, doing good. And I am connecting with my home. One of the -- I'm wondering if the time that -- the downtime for your direct-to-home group, both the temporary period in the U.S. and the still ongoing period, I guess, in Canada, have you spent any of that time you want to call tinkering or fine-tuning what you want to add to that group and how that group actually goes to market and how they sell?
Todd Pedersen: That's actually interesting that you would ask. But we actually did and we actually had some -- I'm not going to dig in, because I would say they're more experiments at how they engage and can engage with different types of inbound demand from consumers. But we did. We had to do it kind of overnight as all companies did when the shutdown happened. But we had positive results and I would say it's informing us a bit to how we might think about expanding our sales force, workforce engagement with consumers over time. And, as Dale mentioned, we hope to, at some point, maybe even this year start to build the brand and increase the inbound demand and really knowledge of Vivint's services. I mean, the reality is on an unaided awareness basis, less than 5% of American households even know who we are and what we do. And so, and as part of that test, we think there are some really tremendous opportunities to utilize that group, if additional demand does come in and be really efficient with those needs or increase around of Vivint's services. So yes.
Jeff Kessler: Has there been an app or a set of apps, and I know it's probably going to end up in video, but is there -- have you been able to get better sales per -- particularly on the initial package by doing anything with -- by stressing or changing the stress of different apps as the year has gone on? Because this has been a different year effectively in terms -- than we've seen in a long time. Is it -- are there types of video applications or the types of video that have really allowed you to sell a little bit better than you had before? And is it just video, because there could be some other things, there could be another partner is kind of silent helpers in there that would have helped you?
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So, here is what I would say, definitely video is a major driver in increased demand for what we do. And there is no one that does it like we do it. I mean, with the professional install, our own proprietary hub, platform, technology stack, kind of the feedback loop, ability to service ongoing with the customer, there isn't anyone anywhere in the realm of the quality of service delivery that we have, connectivity and otherwise. But we did -- we have seen an increased demand in just the general peace of mind of what we provide. And that's viewed or I guess kind of displays itself in the engagement from our consumers with their app. This isn't us emailing them things that we've seen or we know or data that we're showing. This is actual engagement, user engagement in live video views, recorded video views, arm/disarm of the system and the different functionality inside of the system. So I would say there are no other outside apps that are helping push. I think this is becoming very kind of obvious to us and we believe this for a while that this is a huge market segment. We think that 80-plus percent penetration in the U.S. households is very attainable. We're not going to state, well, how many years we think that is, it would be a guess. But the demand is gaining momentum and people's interest in having the smart home that's provided by a premium service provider like Vivint is very much in demand and will be a large market.
Jeff Kessler: Okay. And finally, with regard to the market itself, it does seem as if young people moving out of the city or moving out of urban areas into the suburbs, getting into homes and larger homes are beginning to realize that DIY does not necessarily suffice particularly if they need monitoring for a larger home with whatever it is, from 15 to 40 zones. Are you finding that there is an attitudinal change as you talk about people getting more in touch with their homes? There is also on movement of people, what I would call it a de-urbanization, a little bit because of this?
Todd Pedersen: Well, I think that's an interesting observation. Here is a couple of notes. One, we provide a DIY-able product and service currently. We are not talking about the numbers on that, but we actually do. The amazing thing for our customers or potential customers is that we can also back that up with truck rolls, answering the phone, technical service capabilities on the back end. So we can kind of end-to-end. However, someone wants to take delivery of our services, we can provide that and for very, very good value with the highest quality of products and services, and reliability for that matter. But it's interesting because DIY is brought up quite consistently to us in this space. And yet, you see Google who has DIY-able products that they've had for quite some time is now realizing that in order to really address the big market that Vivint is addressing, they need to combine up with a company that has the capabilities to go inside of people's homes and deliver service on an ongoing basis in a professional way. That's to say if they want to compete with us really on a grand scale. And then last thing is I'd say about DIY, that's an interesting thing even to my personal life. Through COVID, I didn't even -- I had never used some of the delivery -- food delivery services in the past. Now, that's all we do. So, I don't even go get my own food anymore. It's delivered to me. And so it's -- and I don't mow my lawn, I don't wash my car. No, I don't want to sound lazy. But I have other things done for me and I just don't think that consumers who want a really deep experience with a smart home want to be the CIO or technician of their home to manage 15, 20, 30, 40 devices, which is absolutely happening. People are adding more and more cameras and thermostats and door locks. And the connectivity is going deeper and deeper into the home. And so we couldn't be happier about the position that we're in and the fact that we are a market leader.
Jeff Kessler: Okay. Well, I'm sorry, but one quick final question from me. And that is because you brought up an interesting point here, which I deal with all of this -- with all my coverage here. And that is you've talked about service a lot and you talked about the cost of servicing customers. As you become more complex and you have become more complex, how are you -- what are you doing to make sure that your service levels keep up with the complexity that is demanded of you so that at the other end, it's still an easy integration in their minds to how to use the system and have the -- let's just say, have the tech explain to them in easy-to-use fashion? What they can do, what they can't do when you're going from five devices out up to 30 devices?
Todd Pedersen: This is really important and this is where Vivint really shines. This -- the fact that we own our operating system, that we in-house develop that, our hub, our platform and again, we do integrate. Everyone on the platform knows that we will integrate best-in-class products into our platform. But we take it upon ourselves to make sure that we control that process and that data flow and the connectivity, because the -- if you're installing a doorbell camera, for instance, that's not too difficult to install and not too much to manage. But you start adding more like -- as you mentioned, more and more devices, connectivity becomes more and more of an issue. The demand on your WiFi gets greater and greater. And allows the unfortunate potential for things to go wrong. Now, with our feedback loop and the fact that our engineering team, software, firmware, hardware design, installation platform, service platform, network, you have this incredible feedback loop that's very immediate by the way. I mean, we obviously tracked and there is 1.5 billion pieces of data daily coming through our AI system. We are watching every last thing that's happening when it comes to service delivered to consumer. Because that -- at the end of the day, if it's not great, service levels aren't great, attrition is going to go through the roof. And you could theorize that going from $16, which we had per sub per month in service cost to $9.93 over two-year period, our service levels would go down substantially and therefore attrition would go up, the reverse has happened. We've done both, reduced our service cost per sub per month, not a little bit, substantially. And then also our service levels are not just maintained well, they're better and they're more enhanced. And that speaks through our attrition numbers that you're seeing, which, by the way, are better than we had hoped for. And we've done this business for a very, very long time and the great thing is it's a very predictable model. But this just -- it just so happens that as we continue to release new hubs, new firmware, new software releases, new installation protocols that we just get better and better and better at that delivery of service and connectivity and quality of service. And it reduces truck rolls and the need to keep up with service demands. If things work, you don't have to answer phones, you don't have to roll trucks. And it just so happens that we are best in class by quite a margin when it comes to those sorts of things.
Jeff Kessler: Okay. Well, thanks, Todd, and thanks, Dale, and thanks, Nate. I appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Shweta Khajuria with RBC. Your line is open.
Shweta Khajuria: Okay. Thank you. Let me try two please. When we think about service costs, you said that you expect cost to increase in the back half because of dramatic reduction in the quarter from your calls due to COVID. Could you talk about the sustainability of those costs, and not only in the back half, but just generally as we think for the outer years? And then a similar question on EBITDA margins. How should we think about the potential for margin expansion going forward? The margins are already at pretty elevated levels. Even barring this quarter, your guide implies very healthy EBITDA margin. So help us think about the potential for expansion going forward? Thank you.
Dale Gerard: Yes, thanks. I think if you think about servicing costs, I think if you looked at the mid to high 70% margins is kind of where we think. I don't want to really quote a quarter dollar, I'd give you a service margin based on what we think. But we think in that 75-ish percent range is probably where we'll see kind of servicing costs come back in the second half of the year. And the reason why it's a little bit more, as you know, we put on a lot of our customers in a 90-day period. And there is always follow-up and service needs. So there are more service calls in that third quarter and just going into the fourth quarter just related to those new installs. And then again in the second quarter, I think we had a lot of times where we had where the calls into call center and into truck rolls were just decreased related around COVID. People not wanting people to come to their homes or -- and I think it goes back also to Todd's point is we have this fully integrated system that we can help, like we can solve a lot of problems over the phone. So when somebody does call in, we can actually log in to help, log remotely into their panel, resolve a lot of the issues, without having to send a truck or sending someone out to their home, which is really important.
Shweta Khajuria: Okay. And then on the margins, please?
Dale Gerard: Yes, on the margins, I think again, we thought we'd be in that, call it, low to mid 40% EBITDA margins. And I think that's again, when you look at the rest of this year, if you looked at on a full-year basis, I think that's kind of where we are. We're continuing and I think Todd said this and I've said this is we're always looking at ways to optimize in the business and optimize the scale what we have. And so we'll continue to look at that. When you look at it quarter over quarter or for the full year, we're probably looking in that low to mid 40% range.
Shweta Khajuria: Okay. Thank you very much.
Dale Gerard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kunal Madhukar with DB. Your line is open.
Kunal Madhukar: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Great quarter. I had a couple. One, on the service cost side, wanted to understand how it is broken down between truck rolls, the people that are manning the -- or doing the monitoring part, and then the customer service side? And then on the attrition, wanted to get a sense of how much of the attrition is from moves versus not being built and what have you versus any other reason or switching to competitors?
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So, we actually don't break the numbers out on the service cost per sub per month down to the actual -- the action that's happening inside of that structure. We just haven't done that and that probably wouldn't be detail that we would dig into. And then so we are just really hopefully and you are also incredibly happy with the results. But we probably gained some efficiencies across the board in all of those actions. And again, back to Vivint's owning of our operating system and technology, and hub development, software firmware releases, these all a result of not just what's happening today in the current environment. This is -- these are investments that we've made into our technology, service delivery, installation protocols over the years. And then there is how we answer phones and training down to the individual person. So there is a lot of things that go into the reduction of our service costs. And then when it comes to the attrition numbers with moves, we also don't want to break that out. I hate giving you that answer on both of those, but we just don't break those out in detail.
Kunal Madhukar: That's cool. A follow-up if I may. How do you think with -- and maybe this is -- maybe this might be just the thing about the landscape, but how do you think Google's partnership with ADT kind of changes, how alarm.com become -- which is the operating system for a number of your competitors, how does that change alarm.com and how they operate especially with like Google coming in with its tech stack and everything else?
Todd Pedersen: What I would say is I'm not sure with the arrangement is and so you would really need to ask them about this, but getting back to Vivint, the fact that we own our platform, we developed it. And look, we've spent tens and tens and tens of millions of dollars on that alone and do annually on the maintenance and the improvement of that user experience. And the fact that it's fully integrated to our hub in our platform, I'm glad that we're Vivint and we own what we own, which is everything end-to-end and we don't depend on other hardware developers and providers, other platform or app or operating system providers. I'm very -- we've -- and look, our investors Blackstone and others have been very gracious over the years in allowing us to make sure that we own and control that entire technology stack, and it's proving to be very relevant -- and not just relevant, it's critical that we do have that and own that.
Kunal Madhukar: Great. Thank you.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Morgan with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Todd Morgan: Thank you. Great results. Two things. Number one is a couple of companies have talked about supply chain issues in sourcing materials from overseas. And I know you guys typically would stock up early in the year. I don't know if given the very high subscriber adds that you're getting any kind of shortage or any difficulties in that front. And I guess, secondly, is if I look at the net subscriber acquisition costs $630, really great number. I mean, that's down by a third just even sequentially. If I think about the drivers that you called out, Dale, with the higher -- slightly higher package prices and really reduction in the RIC subscribers. Should that not continue to sort of ratchet down pretty rapidly here as you get into the third quarter, which is another big subscriber add quarter? Thanks.
Dale Gerard: Yes. Thanks. So two things. We'll start with the supply chain. You're right. We -- based upon the way we do our business and preparing for what I would call the second, third quarter where we put on most of our accounts, we do, do a lot of pre-buy and make sure we have inventory in place based on what we think we're going to do or install for that period. And so we've not really seen any, any disruption in terms of our supply chain. We have a really good Chief Procurement Officer and we're constantly working with all of our vendors in making sure our manufacture -- contract manufacturers make sure that we have product available to our technicians and to our sales reps, so we can install those when we need that. In the terms of the net subscriber acquisition costs, you are right. Based upon where -- what we said we were going to do in terms of how we structure our current pricing model, the fact that we've reduced RICs and we continue to see that reduction go forward, you should continue to see that's -- where it's $630, if you kind of run the math out, you would expect that to continue to come down as we roll in as we report probably third quarter and so forth.
Todd Morgan: Great, thank you.
Dale Gerard: Thanks. See you, Todd.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So, we appreciate everyone getting on the phone call for our Q2 numbers. We were happy with the results. We hope all of you were also. And just know that management is very focused on the current economic environment, making sure that we're being cautious about any upcoming economic -- continued downturns impact or individual subscribers, customers or underwriting in their cost structure and investments. So we're -- we look forward to getting on the phone with you all again in Q3. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Vivint Smart Home First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Nate Stubbs, VP, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Nate Stubbs: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon to discuss the results of Vivint Smart Home and APX Group Holdings for the three month period ended March 31, 2020. On today’s call, we will be presenting the results for Vivint Smart Home. In the press release we issued today as well as the accompanying presentation, we also provide tables with reconciliations for the results of APX Group Holdings. Joining me on the conference call this afternoon are Todd Pedersen, Vivint Smart Home’s Chief Executive Officer; Dale R. Gerard, Vivint’s CFO; and Scott Hardy, Vivint’s COO. I would like to begin by reminding everyone that the discussion today may contain forward-looking statements, including with regards to the company’s future performance and prospects. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are not guarantees of performance. You should not put undue reliance on these statements. You should understand that a number of important factors, including the items discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our filings with the SEC, which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In today’s remarks, we will also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures for historical periods to the most comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are available in the earnings release and accompanying presentation which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website or on the financial information page of the Investor Relations portion of our website. I will now turn the call over to Todd.
Todd Pedersen: Thanks, Nate, and good afternoon to everyone joining the call. I hope everyone is staying safe in the current environment. And today, we will cover three main topics: discuss our financial and operating results for the first quarter, review our customer engagement and the performance of our platform during this difficult time, and highlight key elements of our business and actions we’ve taken that give us confidence in our performance for the remainder of 2020 and beyond. We’ve had a great start to 2020, and we are pleased to see significant improvements in our key metrics year-over-year. Revenue in total subscribers continue to grow, and EBITDA margins continue to expand despite the challenges related to the current environment. Dale will provide more specifics on the financials during his remarks, as well as share updated thoughts about our full year 2020 performance. The remainder of my commentary will focus on the Vivint Smart Home story in the context of COVID-19. Why our customers value our services even more during difficult and uncertain times like these, why we think our financial model is built to withstand the current environment, what proactive operational measures we have taken to protect our employees, our customers and our business and how we plan to get back up to speed with our direct owned sales teams. Our services qualify is essential under the guidelines issued by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. In a time when we’re asked to stay at home for an extended period, there’s no better time to have a comprehensive smart home system. Vivint Smart Home provides essential services to nearly 1.6 million customers across North America. Vivint services include life-saving and life-protecting 24/7 professional monitoring for emergency situations such as medical, fire, carbon monoxide and burglary alerts. Our vertically integrated model includes dedicated customer care and monitoring teams to ensure that we respond to these alerts from our customers within seconds. Our cloud platform and proprietary technology also allows customers to seamlessly manage and protect their homes, whether they’re sheltering in place or away. Vivint takes care of our customers and their families while providing the peace of mind that people demand during times of heightened awareness, anxiety, crime and uncertainty. We’ve been securing and creating smart homes for over 20 years. So I can tell you from experience that Vivint has a history of exhibiting strength and resiliency through challenging economic times. For example, we only witnessed a slight increase in customer attrition in 2008 and 2009 during the global financial crisis. Although the current pandemic poses a unique set of societal problems compared to then, we are confident that our customers will continue to value home security and smart home technology. In fact, a case can be made for pent-up demand forming as a result of this crisis. We have long believed the total addressable market for smart home presents a massive opportunity, and in the not so distant future, the vast majority of the 150 million homes in North America will be running on a comprehensive smart home operating system. We believe Vivint is the best-positioned provider to take advantage should demand accelerate in this way. We are confident in our value proposition because it has been proven over two decades. Today, we have over 21 million connected devices on the Vivint Smart Home proprietary cloud-based platform, and we are uniquely qualified to help our customers deal with the current environment across the various smart home devices we support. From door locks, cameras, security monitoring, thermostats, lighting controls, smart speakers and many other connected devices. All of these innovative products are designed to work together seamlessly through our elegant platform that homeowners can control from their in-home touchscreen hub, through a single app on their phone or other devices or by simply using their voice. Even prior to the current health and economic crisis, we already had the industry-leading engagement on our smart home operating system, with over 13 interactions a day on average and over 1.4 billion daily events being processed on our cloud platform. During the current pandemic, our platform has continued to seamlessly handle all daily interactions as our customers have relied even more on their smart home systems for various and often evolving use cases. Some of these use cases are very intuitive, such as our next-generation doorbell camera that intelligently detects packages and actively helps protect them from porch pirates. With more than 1 million packages that are still on - go missing from porches every day, our newest doorbell camera helps provide homeowners with peace of mind by helping to prevent crime before it happens. Other use cases have become increasingly important while we’ve been sheltering in place, such as using indoor smart cameras to keep a watchful eye on elderly parents while social distancing or to make sure kids are doing their homework during the sudden era of distance learning. Customers are relying even more on smart smoke detectors as more home cooking takes place. And they are recognizing the value of our AI-powered outdoor cameras that recognizes potential lurkers and can sound an alert to scare way potential thieves. Whatever it may be, our customers have been more reliant on the various smart devices that we professionally installed for them in these ways and more. And they continue to lean on our nationwide team of dedicated smart home employees for a more urgent interaction such as real-time security monitoring or to get help in the event of medical emergency. The bottom line is that frequent engagement in the Vivint system is a very good indicator for us, and it’s happening across our customer base during this pandemic. Although our value proposition is clear and we fully expect that our current customers will continue to make the most of what their Vivint system offers them, we also acknowledge that our ability to capitalize on any near term demand for new smart home systems is limited, particularly in light of state sheltering in place, coupled with our own decision to pause all direct-to-home sales in mid-March. Overall uncertainty at the macro level remains at historic highs, and we are closely monitoring how that continues to impact the credit markets and unemployment rates. There are very real risks that the world could be hit with additional waves of the virus, causing more social and economic disruption before a reliable vaccine is ready for widespread use. Fortunately, we benefit from a highly predictable and recurring revenue model, in which roughly 90% of our expected revenue for 2020 was under contract at the beginning of the year. Vivint has also implemented a number of operational changes and safety procedures to continue to protect the health and well-being of our employees while still providing the exceptional service levels our customers have come to rely on. All of these considerations give us great confidence in our ability to weather the current economic environment. To give you a sense for the actions we’ve taken, we have transitioned our highly nimble workforce, including all corporate employees and more than 1,500 of our customer care professionals, to effective work-from-home environments, where they continue to provide uninterrupted customer service and maintain our high-quality standards. We are maintaining our geographically dispersed central monitoring stations to provide 24/7 professional monitoring services for all emergencies. Furthermore, we are now conducting daily fitness-for-duty assessments for all customer-facing employees, which includes a temperature and symptoms check. We are contacting customers before a visit to determine if anyone in the home is experiencing signs of illness or has been exposed to COVID-19, and rescheduling appointments when necessary. We are closely following CDC guidelines for social distancing and hand-washing, including cleaning workspaces and surfaces and not shaking hands with customers. And of course, we’re using protective sanitary equipment during service visits such as disposable gloves, masks and hand sanitizer. We have implemented detailed business continuity plans intended to ensure the health, safety and well-being of our customers, employees and communities, and to protect the financial and operational strength of the company. Dale has more of the details that he’ll share during his remarks around these efforts. But rest assured that we’re remaining judicious around overhead spend, budgets, projects and everything else related to our goal of getting to cash flow neutral. That philosophy has not changed as a result of the pandemic, and we are tracking ahead of our previously stated timeline of 18 to 24 months. Moving now to our plans to resume direct to home sales, which account for about 50% of our new subscriber adds. Our sales teams are ready to hit the ground running, and they have received extensive training on proper interactions with customers in light of the current environment. The key gating factor is that we must follow individual state guidelines in ramping our sales teams across the country. At this point, many states have reopened, and we estimate that our direct to home sales teams are operating at about 70% of their full capacity. In time and assuming no further major setbacks from COVID-19, we’re optimistic that the upcoming summer sales period will proceed. While all of this is happening, our priority remains to take all appropriate steps to protect the health, well-being of our employees and customers. Our other sales channel, national inside sales, which onboards nearly half of all new accounts in a normal environment, has continued to operate without material interruption throughout the pandemic. While we anticipate eventually reaching a full deployment of our direct to home sales channel in the U.S. over the next few weeks, in Canada, because of the lack of consumer financing options and that each account sold there historically has required a significant cash investment by the company, Vivint will no longer originate new customers through the direct-to-home channel. We will continue to sell smart homes through our national inside sales channel. Furthermore, we remain committed to our customers in Canada, and we’ll continue to operate there with dedicated support and services. We anticipate that funding the vast majority of our new customers via the Vivint Flex Pay program will continue to be a key driver in our strategy of profitable subscriber growth. Our external customer financing partners have expressed their commitment to maintaining their current underwriting standards of new smart home customers through the current economic downturn. We believe that we are widening our lead over the competition in enabling customers to easily finance a full smart home experience while also dramatically improving Vivint’s unit economics and the company’s cash flow dynamics. I will now turn the call over to Dale to go through specifics of our first quarter results, as well as to provide our updated thoughts on the remainder of fiscal 2020.
Dale Gerard: Thanks, Todd. I’ll walk through the financial slide portion of the presentation that we posted today in conjunction with our earnings release. On slide eight, we highlight our revenue, adjusted EBITDA and covenant adjusted EBITDA for the quarter. For first quarter 2020, revenue grew by 9.8% to $303.2 million. The growth in revenue is attributable to a 7.1% increase in total subscribers as well as a 2.3% increase in the average monthly revenue per user. In the center of slide eight, adjusted EBITDA has scaled nicely for the first quarter. The primary drivers were lower net service costs and continued scaling of our general and administrative expenses. For the quarter, we are proud to have scaled adjusted EBITDA margins by 570 basis points to 44.5% of revenue compared to 38.8% in the first quarter of 2019. Meanwhile, covenant adjusted EBITDA, which is a calculation used for our debt covenants, scaled by 840 basis points to 62.6% of revenue compared to 54.2% in the first quarter of 2019. As you look on slide nine, we highlight a few data points for the subscriber portfolio, which were strong across the board. Total subscribers at quarter-end grew from 1.45 million to 1.55 million or 7.1%. Average monthly revenue per user, or AMRU also increased to $65.27, up 2.3% year-over-year. AMRU has been moving up nicely due to recognition of deferred revenue and effective cross-selling of new products, such as our newest generation of outdoor and doorbell cameras. On the next slide, slide 10, we highlight a few points on new subscribers. New subscriber originations were 50,053 for the first quarter, which is strong considering that direct-to-home sales were paused in mid-March. We continue to refine and improve the underwriting requirements of our business, decreasing the number of retail installment contracts or RICs. We saw favorable year-over-year trends in subscriber financing mix during the first quarter, highlighted by a 53% reduction in the number of subscribers financed through retail installment contracts. By shifting a greater proportion of our subscribers away from RICs and towards our third-party financing partners and pay in full, we are able to reduce our net subscriber acquisition cost and improve our cash flow dynamics. As we look to the future, we will be focused on delivering a true smart home experience to millions of homes in a profitable and cash neutral way. Moving to slide 11, we will cover our net service cost per subscriber and net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber. The reduction in net service cost continued to be a significant driver of our earnings improvement during the first quarter of 2020. We continued our trend of year-over-year improvements in net service cost per subscriber, moving from $17.04 in the first quarter of 2018 to $13.83 in the first quarter of 2019, and now to $11.76 in the most recent quarter, a $5.28 improvement versus 2018. This represents the lowest service cost per subscriber in the last five years by a significant margin and demonstrates the advantage of Vivint’s vertically integrated smart home cloud platform, which encompasses the software, the hardware, the installation and ongoing customer support. As we continue to make improvements in all of these areas, we’re seeing continued positive trends in both the cost of service and customer satisfaction. The result is that our net service margin continued its increasing trend, moving from 68.6% in the first quarter of 2018 to 74% in the first quarter of 2019 and now to 77% in the most recent quarter. These efforts largely explain the improvement seen in our adjusted EBITDA. On the right-hand side of slide 11, we highlight our average net subscriber acquisition cost in the last 12 month period. For the first quarter ended March 31, 2020, net subscriber acquisition cost per new subscriber decreased to $960. That’s 16% lower year-over-year as we continue to drive down the number of new subscribers that are financed on a Vivint retail installment contract and shift to a higher mix of customers utilizing our financing partners or paying in full for the purchase of their smart home products. During the quarter, we also benefited from pricing leverage on the point-of-sale purchase and installation of equipment. Before the recent pandemic hit, we had already put in place a number of cost-reduction initiatives that were completed during the first quarter and that are expected to meaningfully reduce G&A and overhead costs by streamlining operations, focusing engineering and innovation and driving better customer satisfaction. In addition to these actions and because analyzing how we can operate more efficiently is a continuous exercise of Vivint, we initiated another round of cost-cutting post COVID-19 to further reduce our discretionary spend. Slide 12 covers the lifetime value of our customers and the benefits of a reoccurring revenue model. In the last 12 months, we’ve added approximately $1.75 billion of lifetime value. We continue to see nice backlog numbers, which, as a reminder, represent revenue adjusted for attrition that we expect to recognize over the lifetime of a customer. Backlog at quarter end was $5.73 billion, up 9% compared to $5.24 billion a year ago. Slide 13 depicts our typical subscriber walk that illustrates the changes in total subscribers at quarter end. As expected, our attrition has trended higher than our historical averages given the higher percentage of customers that are in the end of term lifecycle phase. Our attrition dynamics are driven by two primary factors. First, the rate of attrition for a customer cohort changes as it progresses through different phases of the life cycle. We define these phases as interim, end of term and post initial term. Each phase carries with it a corresponding expected attrition rate, with attrition at its highest during the end-of-term phase. As we have shared in past earnings calls, the cohort attrition curves remain fairly steady. The second factor that affects attrition is the percent of total customers in each stage of the life cycle. The percent of customers in the end-of-term phase rose in 2019 and will stay elevated in 2020 before falling again in 2021. In the first quarter, attrition trended slightly higher sequentially by 20 basis points to 14.1%. This remains higher than our long-term trend for attrition, but is in line with our expectations given the higher percentage of customers that are in the end-of-term phase. Now we know there’s a lot of curiosity out there regarding how we think our attrition curve may change as a result of the pandemic. Echoing Todd’s commentary about our past experiences through severe economic downturns, as well as propensity for customers to focus inward and prioritize home security during times of crisis, at this point, we have no reason to think the same structural curve that we’ve discussed previously won’t continue to hold, with a life cycle impact that I spoke about being the primary driver. As a case in point, our portfolio has performed slightly better than expectations in terms of attrition and other leading indicators through the end of April. That’s a good segue into slide 14, where we address our business activity in the interim period since our first quarter ended in March. The key takeaway on the sales front is that we continue to see robust demand for our products and services, and we have continued to acquire new Vivint Smart Home customers, primarily via our national inside sales team, despite the challenges posed by COVID-19. On the cost side of the equation, we have curtailed discretionary spending to preserve cash and improve our highly variable cost structure. And as a result of these actions, some of which were initiated as normal course prior to COVID-19, we have achieved greater than $30 million in annualized fixed cost reductions. We have also fully drawn down on our revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure to increase our cash position, which stood at $305 million as of April 30, and preserved liquidity and flexibility in light of current uncertainty in the global financial markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Overall, we remain on track to achieve our goals regarding cash use and are aiming to get to cash flow neutral ahead of our previously stated 18 to 24 month time frame. Finally, moving to our financial outlook for the year on slide 15. I’ll first share some of the fundamental characteristics of our financial model. Over 95% of our revenue is reoccurring, which provides long-term visibility and predictability to our business. Most of our new subscribers that finance their smart home systems choose to enter into five year contracts and remain on the platform for approximately eight years driving significant lifetime margin dollars. Our strong unit economics and scale has contributed to our ability to drive significant adjusted EBITDA improvement. That said, most companies have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. And although we believe our reoccurring model makes us resilient to the full impact of the pandemic, it will affect our outcome for the year. In terms of revised guidance, we expect to end 2020 with 1.55 million to 1.62 million total subscribers. Our estimate for 2020 revenue is $1.2 billion to $1.25 billion versus previous guidance of $1.25 billion to $1.29 billion. And finally, we are reaffirming our previous 2020 adjusted EBITDA guidance of between $525 million and $535 million. Operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. And nice job here in the midst of this turmoil. I wanted to - I guess I wanted to start with the subs growth guidance. You reduced that growth expectation by quite a bit in percentage terms, not by much in terms of absolute number of subs. But I wonder what assumptions you’re making on distribution there. Are you thinking that all of the distribution now, from now until the end of the year is going to be from inside sales? Or do you think at some point, you’ll be able to get back out again? Or just what kind of assumption is built into that in terms of selling motion?
Todd Pedersen: This is Todd Pedersen speaking. Thanks for the compliment, by the way, on the quarter, we were super happy with it. So it is - it’s a result of our direct-to-home program being put on pause, which was about mid-March. Obviously, like anyone else, we’re trying to be respectful around the states being shut down. And here’s the update on that. We have re-launched that program. We are - by this weekend, we feel like we’ll be about 70% of what we normally would be from a sales rep perspective. There are still states that are not open to do business on the door-to-door program. We kind of - we’re making some adjustments on where they might change as far as markets go. So that - so the number of subscribers is a result of that. The thing I would say, though, is the places that we have deployed. And it’s early, still, but the receptivity and the per-rep average, if we look at it on a daily basis on a per-rep basis is very strong. So we’re trying to - we’re optimistic because we are having great interactions with consumers. We’ve adjusted the process on how we sell in the neighborhoods and not going in people’s homes if they don’t feel comfortable with that. And trying to kind of practice social distancing, but we’re optimistic by trying to make sure that we’re conservative on the projection side.
Rod Hall: Okay. Yes, that’s great. Because I figured maybe people will just - even though the sales force is operating, people wouldn’t want them in their house and things like that, so that’s good.
Todd Pedersen: It’s actually just - I want to be clear on this. They’ve - it’s been amazing how welcoming people are. Again, we’re wearing masks, gloves, keeping our distance. They can actually e-sign to a cell phone or a tablet, so not to interact directly with the customer, not to go into their homes, but the productivity per rep is really good. So the receptivity from consumers and the demands for our product and services at this time is quite amazing, so...
Rod Hall: Okay. Thanks, Todd. And then if I can follow-up on that. I - your guidance now still implies EBITDA margin at least that’s improving this year over last. And I see the big improvement in net service cost per sub, which seems like it’s driving the nice margin improvement. Are you guys assuming that - I guess you’re assuming that can continue along through the year, is that correct? Are we interpreting that the right way, the guidance?
Scott Hardy: Yeah, Rod. This is Scott. As we’ve shared, we continue to see impressive gains on service costs, and that’s a function of the vertically integrated business model that Todd talked about, having the integrated software platform, the hardware, the diagnostic tools, controlling the installation process, that’s really helped us drive some significant improvements, both on the cost side and, importantly, on the customer satisfaction side. That said, historically, our service costs have been seasonally lower in Q1. Our service costs tend to be highest in the early months of a customer’s life cycle. So given the seasonality of how we generally put new customers on, particularly in the summer, we tend to see service costs increase in the back half of the year. So while we’re really encouraged by the current trends on service costs and the Q1 results, we wouldn’t anticipate a sustained full year results at that level.
Todd Pedersen: I want to add something to that. This is - it’s super important to cite this. We’ve been reporting publicly for about seven years now. And if people go back a few years back - and again, without public shareholders, we had debt holders. Our service costs several years back was north of $18 per subscriber per month, which, by the way, the business still worked at that level. But the - our decision to build out and own a proprietary technology stack, the operating system, the firmware, the hardware, the hardware development, again, like Scott mentioned, the diagnostic tools, this is an incredible and important moat we’ve created and the capability that we have as a company to continue to enhance and tweak these - all of these functions of business to continue to improve the service cost. But really, really important is the delivery of the products and the service to customers. So customer satisfaction is way up. This is not we reduce cost and our service levels are worse, this is our service levels are as good as they’ve ever been. So we’re incredibly pleased with these results. Scott is being a bit modest.
Rod Hall: I was just curious what drives that EBITDA margin expansion then in the guide. Is it something else or is it probably service cost?
Dale Gerard: So this is Dale. So it’s going to be some service costs for sure, Rod. And then I think as we said in the prepared remarks, we’ve done a lot of going through our cost structure, we had taking out costs, so we feel really good about - we’ll see that in the back half of the year. We did a lot of that in the first quarter, some of that early April. And so that $30 million we talked about, we’ll see - on an annualized basis, we’ll see some of that throughout the next nine months or eight months of 2020. So it’s really kind of holding the - seeing the revenue come in, in terms of the subscribers and then servicing costs and then taking that out of cost. And it’s not only on the G&A and the service side, but we also took out overhead costs. And I think you saw that in the fact that our net subscriber cost was $960. Some of that is upfront, but we’re also attacking expense overhead within the sales process.
Todd Pedersen: Look, there is the reality. We have - we’re now starting to get the benefit of all the investments we’ve made in the technology stack, and we’re getting operational efficiencies there. But even from a corporate side, because of the tools and technologies and our ability to deliver, and we’re able to bring back some of those costs and get operational efficiencies from a corporate perspective also. So we’re super pleased with all of this. And this is all - this process, and you all noticed, we started this before COVID hit, so this is just a continuation of what we’re already focused on.
Rod Hall: Great. All right, guys. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Todd Pedersen: You bet, Todd.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Your line is open.
Michael Fisher: Hey, guys. This is Michael Fisher on for Amit. I wanted to get into - you mentioned the cash flow neutral target is tracking ahead of the initial 18 to 24 months. Can you talk about maybe any of the drivers or what’s kind of shifted since you initially put that target out that’s maybe enabling some upside?
Todd Pedersen: Yeah. So there’s - it’s multiple fronts. Obviously, the net subscriber acquisition cost is something that we focused on. You’ve seen a gain there. You’re going to see continued improvement there. We’ve - I think we show a reduction in RICs from last year to this year of about 50%. You’re going to see that improve. In fact, it’s going to be one of the biggest gains that you’ll see from the company. So really important. We’re trying to make sure that we’re financing these product sales off-balance sheet. We - and again, mentioned that we’re now not onboarding new customers from the direct-to-home side in Canada, which we - we have never found a partner to provide the consumer financing. So those subscribers were all again on-boarded on balance sheet. They were great subscribers, great credit scores, but there was a large amount of cash usage. We are still servicing the customer base up there, and they are our customers, but the exchange rate and the lack of consumer financing available there, we’ve chosen to halt that. Now we are still onboarding customers that call in and/or are referred into the company, so we have full capability of installation and service up there. And then just a plan of production in expenses and cost and reducing some budgets and eliminating projects here and there. So we’re just really fine-tuning the way we operate this business. We intend, just so everyone knows, to take some of those savings, cash savings, and start to focus on growing and building the brand, telling the story. We have an incredible story to tell. We have an incredible technology and service that we can deliver to consumers, which is in very high demand right now, especially in this period of time. And just the quality of product and the design and the delivery of the services has now come to a point where like, okay, it’s time to really focus on growing this business as we take advantage of this large market that we’re part of.
Michael Fisher: Okay. And then just to dig a little bit on the permanent fixed cost savings of $30 million, is that mostly - again, is that service cost savings as well flowing through or the drivers there? And then the $20 million in restructuring expense, is that part of the initiative to generate the cost savings?
Dale Gerard: Yeah. So we’ll kind of break those down. The $20 million really relates around the changes in personnel and cost reductions that we did at the beginning of March. So we kind of - we’d actually talked about on the fourth quarter call from 2019 and put out, and so that’s really what is included in that restructuring charge there. It’s - some of it’s severance and most of - half of it or so is related to stock-based comp, which was - as we - those people left and their equity - kind of their treatment of their equity changed. And then the other cost, as Todd said, we really focused on cost, whether it’s in servicing. And again, really focusing on overhead and making sure that we have the right infrastructure, the right cost structure and that we’re spending money in the areas that really provide either servicing customers or they’re providing growth. And so as we think about service, how do we think about our leadership, our structure there, level - kind of tiers, leaders in the field, people that are in the corporate, on the servicing side. And then on the G&A - and innovation, the same thing. It’s like, hey, there’s a lots of products and lots of different things we can go do, but let’s focus in on what we really think the customers want that can drive that kind of next-gen of products. And so it’s really across all areas of the company. It’s not just one area. And we’ve actually - I would say for 2020, we’ve actually taken actions that are greater than the $30 million, but some of those will - that will come back most likely in 2021, such as - not - we’ve discontinued any type of merit increases for ‘20. We’ve actually stopped matching the 401(k). So we’ve taken some actions. Again, we want to be ahead of it. We think that - and we’ve done a lot of these in early April to make sure that we’re in a good position to weather any kind of storm that comes at us here. But some of those will come back next year. But the $30 million is what we think of permanently is not coming back in the budgets and different things that we’ve been doing.
Todd Pedersen: And the $30 million, to be clear, is not part of the service cost reduction. It’s separate.
Dale Gerard: Yes.
Scott Hardy: So you’ll see some of it in the subscriber acquisition cost and a lot of it in the G&A.
Michael Fisher: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Mally with Imperial Capital. Your line is open.
Edward Mally: Hi, thank you. Just to go back to the attrition trends, away from where you are in the customer contract life cycle, have you seen over the last couple of months any changes in those trends with reduced relocations, for example, or changes in the drivers of attrition? That’s my first question. And then second question, just to clarify on the revolver draw. You noted that it was fully drawn with $305 million of cash on the balance sheet at the end of April. Does the $305 million represent the full revolver draw or was it a higher amount drawn on the revolver?
Scott Hardy: Thanks, Edward. This is Scott. I’ll tackle the attrition question and then turn it over to Dale to address the question about the revolver draw. On attrition, certainly given the economic impact of the COVID virus, this is something that we’re paying very close attention to. We’re monitoring consumer credit and unemployment trends and candidly feel fortunate that we have a majority of our customer base that consists of homeowners that have a credit score of over 700. So as Dale shared, our Q1 attrition was in line with expectations, slightly better than what we’ve planned. It reflects really the value that we think consumers see in the services we’re providing, particularly in times of uncertainty like this. Q1 was up over Q4 by about 20 basis points. That’s a function of, as we’ve shared in the past, cohort level attrition and then the percent of customers that are coming out of term. That percent has been going up. But overall, we’re actually performing slightly better than we would have expected in Q1. Todd shared, and I think Dale did as well, we have a history of strength and resiliency during economic downturns. We saw that in 2008 and 2009, and through April and even the first week of May. And we’re seeing indicators in terms of notices of cancellation in terms of number of customers that are going into our collection process that are tracking normal and in line with our expectations, which suggests an ongoing resiliency of the business model. We’ve always had a forbearance program for customers that are in some form of financial distress, and that’s where we will defer payment for a period of months and then extend their contract by a meaningful amount. We did see during the last six weeks, a modest and temporary increase in the number of customers that we are proactively calling in and asking for payment forbearance. That peaked really in late March and early April. But as of last week, the number of customers asking for forbearance was coming back into line with our historical run rates. And overall, during that period, it’s well under 1% of our customer base that has done that. So we’re feeling, at this point, that there’s no real change to how we’re seeing attrition for 2020.
Dale Gerard: Thanks, Scott. And then in terms of the revolver. So the revolving credit facility, we get the - amended that in mid-February when we did some refinancing efforts. So the revolver has a total capacity of $350 million. Less LCs, there’s about $334 million that’s outstanding that we’ve drawn. And we have $305 million in cash as of April 30. And thankfully, today, we’re still sitting on about $305 million of cash. So we really brought that revolver down. I mean, I was around, when last time there was these kind of disruptions in the market, so we brought that down as really - in case there was some disruption in the financial markets. And we could - we’re able - and we didn’t need it to draw it. We weren’t able to, so we - in the abundance of consciousness, we drew down on that revolver, again, as sitting in cash on our balance sheet. And like I said, we drew down - total revolver outstanding drawdowns is $334 million and we’re sitting on $300 million in cash, which you’ll see when the Q comes out that we used about $30 million in operating cash flow for the first quarter.
Todd Pedersen: And again, I think this was asked earlier, but we have given projections of getting cash flow neutral in 18 to 24 months. We are incredibly focused on trying to accomplish cash flow neutrality this year. There are factors that still remain with can we roll out our entire program? Will it last? Do states get shut back down? But what I would say is, it’s our primary factor. I think just through some of the numbers Dale’s thrown out now, we’re doing substantially better than last year and are pleased with where we’re sitting right now, and I think we’ll do a good job towards getting near that level this year.
Edward Mally: Okay. That’s all very helpful. Thanks very much.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Shweta Khajuria with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Shweta Khajuria: Great. Thank you. Going back to the resiliency of the business model. Could you please talk about potentially worst-case scenarios should the economy enter into a deeper recession worse than, let’s say, 2008, 2009? The beauty of subscription model is that it provides great resiliency, and the average life of the subscriber here is pretty long. So could you please talk about how you think about the worst-case scenario and the resiliency of the business model? And then the second question is on the strength in overall e-commerce, so how - have you changed? And I’m sorry if you covered this already, but have you changed the strategic sort of focus towards the strength in e-commerce and that as a channel, given that in the in-person sales channel is paused for now? Thank you.
Todd Pedersen: Sure. Thanks for the questions. I’m going to answer the first part of that. So knowing that unemployment rates are continuing to rise, we do understand that there’s risk to some of our subscribers losing their jobs, not having the ability to pay as of yet. And I think we’re kind of in the middle of it, but not at the end of it. We have not - if you’re hearing our numbers here, we are not - we have not yet been affected by that. In fact, we’ve seen slight improvements on all of the metrics in our business. And this is a product and service that provides safety and peace of mind. And with - and this is really important. With the differentiation, with the platform that we’ve developed with camera technology and the software we have around our doorbell camera and packaged theft-detection deterrents, our outdoor cameras with the lurker alerts, just enhancing what we deliver, the demand is higher, whether it be someone who doesn’t have anything at this point or that does have our services. And so it doesn’t mean that we’re completely protected from a continued downside scenario from a macroeconomic perspective, but we’re in a very good position compared to most companies and most industries. We’re deemed an essential service from states for a reason. It’s essential to customers. And really, depending on what their circumstances are with family or be it pets or children or elderly parents that need to be cared and provided for and watched over. So we were - in fact, we’re very proud of the fact that we deliver such incredible services, especially nowadays. But from a company perspective, here’s what I would say, we’ve taken a lot of time and been very surgical about looking at additional potential downsides and continued economic downturn, how we manage the business, how we manage costs in the field and otherwise, how we spend, budgets, prioritization of projects that we have. There are things that we can pull back on more. There’s obviously overhead that can be either reallocated or readjusted to adjust to the current economic environment. So I would say we - this management team has a very organized and detailed and structured plan in the event that the economic downturn worsens and starts to affect us. And that will either be through attrition or lack of demand from the consumers, which we’re not seeing any - either of those at this point. It doesn’t mean that we can’t or won’t, but at this point we have not seen that. Again, Scott mentioned a slight increase in the deferment program - or deferral program, but that’s back in line. It was slight and momentary. So we’re - again, we’re watching on a daily basis every important metric that there is that you can watch in that regard, so...
Scott Hardy: Yeah, from an e-commerce perspective, Shweta, certainly our two primary go-to-market channels are direct-to-home and inside sales, and we are testing and constantly piloting other forms of channel distribution to get to market. E-commerce is one of those. I think, certainly, we’ll see a continued trend accelerated by the COVID virus towards the e-commerce. And so that’s an area we continue to test into, to evaluate. It’s not really built into our forecast at this point, and so it’s all upside for us as we’re able to find the right bit and drive acquisition through those types of channels.
Shweta Khajuria: Okay. Thank you, both.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kunal Madhukar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kunal Madhukar: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. A couple, if I may. One, with regard to the guide, especially on like subscriber gross adds. What are the assumptions that are going into the guide, especially in terms of how much do you think the direct-to-home can kind of get? How much do you think the national inside sales can kind of get? And how does that change - and especially in light of - we may be headed into a new normal, which we don’t even know what it could look like. And so what happens if we have to be in a social distancing kind of an environment for the rest of the year? And then with regard to the financing on the upfront equipment, maybe you haven’t seen it until now, maybe credit is still easy. What happens in an environment where credit becomes tougher? And do you think - how do you think that could potentially impact the subscriber growth for the rest of the year?
Todd Pedersen: Yeah. So on the first part of the question - this is Todd. We don’t break out the numbers to the specific channels, but this is what I would tell you. From an inside sales perspective, demand has been up over kind of our expected run rate in that channel. We - obviously, we mentioned we’ve put on pause the direct-to-home program. Not all of the states - as you all know, not all of the states are open for any type of business, let alone someone going into neighborhoods and into homes. We’ve made - well, what I can say is this. In the markets that we’re in, in the states that are opened up, productivity per sales rep is up, which again speaks to the demand and the interest that people have in the services that we deliver - we do deliver. And from a social distancing perspective, we’ve adjusted - from an engagement perspective, social distancing perspective. And then also tools perspective, we’ve changed how we interact and engage with the consumer if needs be. In fact, some customers, we will not engage them directly. We will keep our social distance, and they will ask why won’t we enter their home? But we are not entering homes unless people ask us to. And we obviously have done the physical checks on our sales force and our installation force every morning, making sure they have no signs of the virus, and then also asking the appropriate question to the family or home owner that we’re entering into. But even with the change in environment and how we engage with consumers, which also includes the ability to do video - we’ve all learned this. The ability to do a sales call over video, we have that capability, too, now like anyone else does in this situation. We’ve adjusted, and the performance is very good. Now the question would be, and this is the - we pulled back on our gross subscriber adds because we did pause the direct-to-home program and there are states that still are not open yet. So that would be the difference in the number. But as far as productivity goes and engagement goes - and if this is the new norm, we’re okay with that because we can accomplish what we need to accomplish with - just keep - continue to have social distancing and that type of thing. So we feel very confident in that regard. On the credit side, Dale is going to talk about that.
Dale Gerard: Yeah. Just one more. So I think, again, we don’t give out guidance in terms of by channel, but I think what you could take Todd’s - what Todd’s saying is on the direct-to-home, whatever you have in your model for the full year, assume that we don’t have very much for April because that channel was paused. That was pause kind of mid-March. So you could kind of say from mid-March until right now we’re just starting to ramp back up. And as Todd said, we’re probably about 70% of where we would normally be at this point in terms of reps out on the doors. So if you can kind of think through that as you remodel that. In terms of financing, again, we stay in very, very close contact with our two consumer financing partners. We have a primary and a secondary financing partner. We’ve not seen anything at this point. It’s something - it’s one of those metrics, I guess, as Todd said, we watch every day and every morning. Early in the morning I get the report and I look at those to see what was the - what declines were we seeing yesterday, what were the reasons for declines on financing, what approval rates were, all the different things by channel. And so again, we’re in contact with these partners. They’re very committed to the program. They still are open for business and looking to put on new business. And so we’re watching this, but we think that we have really good partners to partner with us here. And our customers - as Todd said, a lot of these customers - the demand for the products there and customers, their FICO score and their financial situation is still allowing them to continue to purchase this and get finance more of the product.
Todd Pedersen: And look, anyone that’s in the financial world that’s lending money, whether it be a corporation or an individual or consumer, they’re going to lend into a space or an industry where they’re going to get a consistent return. And if you look at our - the financials and the numbers and you think about the forbearance on our customers, as it stands right now, numbers are trending really well as expected or slightly better than that. And so we believe that as long as our customer base is paying their bill and the demand is there so they can onboard more financing under on to the platform, we’re in good position. Again, like Dale said, we’re in communication with Citizens constantly, and they’ve been a great partner. And by the way, they partner up with some other really large-scale companies that also depend on that financing. So as it stands today, we feel great. Now if that changed and the - Citizens went away, we do have a secondary financing partner. There are others out there we are not engaged with physically. But from a conversation perspective, there are others we’re having conversations with. If it all went away, and that may be the question you’re asking, we would have - we’d slow down growth. But as it stands today in this current - and cut back costs, and there are other measures that we would take as a business. But as it stands right now, we feel like we’re in a good position, so...
Kunal Madhukar: That’s very helpful. Thanks, Todd. Thanks, Dale. A quick follow-up on the ARPU, the service ARPU. That declined precipitously on a year-over-year basis versus the declines that we’ve been seeing previously. What happened there?
Dale Gerard: Yeah. Again, this goes back to how we’ve talked about the pricing model and Flex Pay model, where ARPU - and a little bit - Todd talked about this a little bit in the fourth quarter call. We’re actually looking - as we continue to drive cash - to cash flow neutral goal here, we’re pushing - we’re starting to leverage pricing upfront on some of the products and some of the sales at the point of sale. And what you’re seeing, a little bit of that is that we’re giving - our ARPU is coming down a little bit. Our service ARPU is coming in a little bit as the customers are paying more for the equipment and financing more. When you look at it out of pocket for a customer, it’s still in that mid $70 a month range. $72 to $75 a month, the customer is paying. It’s just that that bill now is split a little bit differently and a little bit more going to the finance partners, which, by the way, we get all that cash upfront. So the economics on that customer and the return on that capital is much better for us. And so that’s what you’re seeing, and you’re seeing that kind of flow through.
Todd Pedersen: So this is very, very important. You mentioned the word precipitous. It’s actually - this is actually a good thing. We’ve talked about our objective to get to cash flow neutrality. This is one of those levers. Our old model - and if you look at some of the other models in consumer finance - or consumer-facing businesses, our old model was, we got all $75, but we had to finance that entire SAC on our balance sheet. Now we’re having the consumer finance more of the hardware upfront. We’re getting that cash upfront. And it’s one of the drivers that’s getting us towards cash flow neutrality. So it’s - we’re very, very pleased with the results. And I think everyone on this phone call will feel the same when we kind of finish up the year and we see the results of that. And so there’s no reduction in demand for services. In fact, it’s the opposite. There’s an increasing demand for the hardware and services. We’re just using finance as a lever to not have to go back to the debt work. So we’re very pleased with this result.
Kunal Madhukar: Thank you so much. Thanks, that’s most helpful.
Todd Pedersen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Morgan with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Todd Morgan: Thanks and thanks for the question. I guess, I must say, I think you guys are doing a pretty amazing job here. If I’m looking at this, you added 50,000 gross subscribers in the first quarter this year when there was clearly issues. That was a couple of thousand more than you had a year ago, and in before that. So that’s pretty strong. It looks like, if I’m doing some quick math, that you think for the full year that the gross adds might be maybe 50,000 or so less than they were in 2019. Is it - I mean, can I kind of simplistically extrapolate out and say the net subscriber acquisition costs, that’s probably close to $100 million of cash outlays that you would potentially avoid? Is it fair to think of things in that way? And I think you did say you might roll some of that back into sort of brand enhancement. But I mean, that’s a big difference in the cash uses, if I’m thinking about that right. Is that fair?
Dale Gerard: Yeah, I think the cash uses, I mean, if you looked at - we’re still putting out about $1,000 on a sub. So if you say we’re going to do less than 50,000 subs despite close to the $50 million of cash saving, $50 million to $60 million. But I think you’re exactly right. That is a large cash savings if we’re not able to do that. And then to the brand question, I think, Todd will give you what - whether we reinvest that money into brand.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So I mean, look, we are interested - we know that the services we deliver are very differentiated and special, and people that have them are raving fans. And it’s getting better and better with technology advancements, and there are innovation centers developing enhancements in the software and the firmware and the deployment. We’re just getting better at it. So we are laying out plans to begin to brand and market the business and services. Because frankly, a lot of people just don’t even know who Vivint is, and we’ve got 1.5 million subscribers. And so we intend to tell that story. Now we are not going to do that until we’re confident that we have ex [ph] beyond - I’d say, we’re not going to do that until we’re cash flow positive. We’re not going to spend our debt to start a big marketing and demand-gen program. You’re not going to see that. But we are feeling confident enough about the plans that we have laid out in the upcoming months. And we need to prep for that, think about that, think about how to tell the story, integrate that into our kind of ongoing financials and investment. So we hope to do it, intend to do it, but we will not do it until we have excess cash beyond neutrality.
Todd Morgan: Okay. Great. And then just is there any change in the way you’re sort of thinking about or processing sort of the second-look customers that you’re signing up now? Are there more or less of those? Are you doing anything differently? Thanks.
Dale Gerard: Yes, no. It’s - we rolled out the - Fortiva as our second financing partner, rolled those out in April of 2019. That is still the same as it’s always been. They’re kind of taking a look at anything that doesn’t kind of get financed by Citizens, and rightly closes down to them. So really no change in that process at all.
Todd Morgan: Okay. Good luck. And thank you.
Dale Gerard: Thanks, Todd.
Todd Pedersen: Thanks for the question.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Todd Pedersen: We appreciate everyone getting on the call. I know some people had a bit of a difficult time getting on. Thanks for the patience with that. Again, management is incredibly pleased with Q1 performance. Although it’s been a bit of a hectic last few months for us and other companies and individuals across the world, we felt like we’ve responded quickly and decisively. And we look forward to a very good 2020 year. And you can expect us to deliver on the numbers. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to NRG Energy Inc’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Twanda. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy’s fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. This morning’s call is scheduled for 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today’s presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today’s presentation. And now with that, I’ll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG’s President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin and good morning, everyone. And thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail Mass business and Chris Moser, Head of our Operations. This earnings call marks the four year anniversary since we started a new direction for NRG. We have accomplished many things together. We refocus and streamline our business to better serve our customers. We significantly reduced our total debt and strengthened our balance sheet which is now on a path to an investment grade rating. We provided discipline and transparency on how we invest our capital and most importantly we have done it the right way for our employees and our stakeholders. The company has never been stronger or with a brighter future than it is today. I'd like to start by highlighting the key messages for the quarter on a slide 3. First our integrated business delivered EBITDA in line with our 2019 expectations during a period of volatile market conditions further validating the benefits of integration between retail and wholesale. As such we're also reaffirming 2020 guidance. Second we have a comprehensive sustainability framework with industry leading carbon reduction goals. Given that I view these frameworks as foundational to our business and an integral part of our long term strategy I will provide additional details later in the presentation. And third we continue to execute our capital allocation strategy by adhering to our principles and our commitment to being excellence towards shareholder capital. Moving to the business of financial highlights on Slide 4. Beginning with our 2019 scorecard on the left hand side of the slide we executed well on all our priorities. We delivered a strong financial and operational results despite challenging market conditions during the summer. We also had our best safety year ever marking these the second back to back years of record performance Congratulations to all my colleagues for this remarkable accomplishment. With respect to our transformation plan, we deliver on our goals. We have now completed over 90% of the plan with all cost savings on working capital completed and $80 million of additional margin enhancement remaining to be achieved in 2020. After two years of focusing on rightsizing the business and strengthening our balance sheet, in 2019, we focused on perfecting our integrated business. We signed 1.6 gigawatts of medium term solar PPAs in (inaudible) returned our Gregory plant to service ahead of the summer and acquired Stream Energy adding important capabilities to our retail portfolio. We also announced the acceleration of our science based carbon reduction goals to align with guidance from the new intergovernmental panel on climate change to limit global warming to 1.5 degree Celsius so as to avoid the worst effects of climate change. Finally, we continue to add year to our capital allocation principles and provided additional transparency into our long term capital allocation plan. In 2019, we returned approximately $1.5 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividend. We also announced the increase of the dividend from $0.12 per share to a $1.20 per share with the first payment made in the first quarter of 2020. During the fourth quarter, we received an upgrade from Moody’s with a positive outlook moving us closer to our goal of a solid investment grade rating. On the right hand side of this slide, similar to how we have presented the financials throughout the year, EBITDA is shown on a same store basis adjusted for asset sales and deconsolidations. We ended the year with $1.977 billion of EBITDA or 24% higher than last year. While we deliver on EBITDA, our free cash flow came in the large expected range due to timing issues with Kirk which Kirk will address in greater detail later in the presentation. On the next two slides, I want to talk to you about our comprehensive sustainability framework. It is one that expands across our business from operations on employees to customers and suppliers. Sustainability is embedded in our culture aligned with our strategy and necessary for our long-term success. Beginning on slide 5, our sustainability philosophy is guided by three core principles: accountability, transparency and engagement. So let me start with accountability. Good intentions are just not enough. We need goals that are clear and measurable. We have a few examples in this slide including safety, environmental responsibility and our commitment to inclusion and diversity. You have heard me say this before, safety is our number one priority. We measure and report our safety performance every quarter and we hold ourselves accountable to top (inaudible) performance. In this way we’re able to take corrective actions to improve our performance in the areas where we fall below our standards. Like safety we have many other goals across our business that measure not just what we do but how we do it including our carbon reduction goals which I will address in more detail in the next slide. Measurable goals are important. But we also need to communicate our progress in a clear and transparent way. We do this every year with the release of our sustainability report. We were the first and only company in our sector to comply with the sustainability Accounting Standards Board or SASB back in 2016. We were one of the first companies to publicly commit to the task force on climate related financial disclosures or TCFD. And recently we were awarded a leadership level across all three Carbon Disclosure projects or CVP programs on climate risk water security and supply chain engagement. Finally we are committed to engaging and investing in the communities where we live and do business from major cities with large concentrations of customers to smaller communities that are home to our power plants and employees. In 2019 alone we donated to almost 700 organizations. But we aren’t just focused on monetary donations. We're also investing our time in the communities with over 11,000 volunteer hours my our employees across 264 organizations. We also participate with organizations like CECP where we presented our sustainability framework and long term strategy to investors. This engagement is something that makes us very proud and defines us as a company. Now let me turn to Slide 6. I want to talk to you about our decarbonization efforts as we transition our business away from traditional generation and closer to the retail customer. In September of last year we accelerated our carbon reduction goals to confirm with a 1.5 degree trajectory. This means reducing our carbon emissions 50% by 2025 and to be net zero by 2050. These goals are some of the most ambitious in the sector and we're proud with the progress that we have made to date. We are already 83% of the way to our 2025 goal with clear line of sight to achieve it with our current portfolio. Although our baseline is 2014, we have been decarbonizing our fleet since 2010 as you can see on the left hand side of the slide. We have reduced our carbon emissions by 40 million metric tons in just the last 10 years. That is the equivalent of taking 9 million cars off the road every year. As you can see, our actions move the needle. We will continue to share our progress and plans in the months to come. From an earnings perspective, as we progress towards decarbonization, cogeneration is contributing less and less to our earnings. Moving to the right side of the slide, in just the last six years coal as a percentage of our total revenues has decreased 55% and that is inclusive of capacity revenues. This is an important distinction as energy revenues have been the bulk of the decline and our coal assets in the east now act primarily as insurance for grid reliability and not for electric generation. Finally, sustainability is an integral part of our culture and incorporated in our strategic decisions. We continue to take concrete actions to limit our own carbon footprint while also providing customers with cleaner energy choices such as electricity plants from renewable resources. I look forward to updating you on our progress in the future and be on the lookout for the release of our annual sustainability report in early May. Now turning to slide 7, I want to provide you a brief update on our core markets. Beginning on the left side of the slide, as you can see on the chart electric demand in ERCOT continues to grow at the fastest pace in the nation between 2% and 3% per year for the foreseeable future. Now as you all know the direct result of this robust (inaudible) growth is a record-high supply and demand balance for reserve margin. This requires a tremendous amount of generation investments simply to maintain the current low reserve margin. As a large participant in the market we are looking to facilitate solid new builds to improve reliability and rebalance our portfolio by entering into medium term PPAs. These PPAs enabled the developers to obtain cost effective financing and tax equity to economically develop the project. And for us they complement our generation profile, lower our cost structure and allows us to better serve our customers. From an overall market perspective, we expect ERCOT to remain tight and volatile for the foreseeable future. Our integrated platform is well-positioned to thrive during this volatile and emerging renewable build cycle. Moving to the right side of the slide, we are seeing steady progress in all of our core markets with FERC ISOs addressing the current market design and adapting it to the evolved grade of the future. While progress has not been perfect we support efforts that create durable markets that benefit consumers and foster the transition to a cleaner and sustainable energy future. In ERCOT regulators continue to refine our scarcity pricing mechanism to incentivize new generation which is predominantly renewable and intermittent while adequately compensating existing resources that provide firm generation. In the East FERC issued a ruling on the PJM capacity market proceeding which resulted from its finding that current market design is unjust and unreasonable. This ruling seeks to correctly account for resources that receive state subsidies particularly out of markets nuclear subsidies that stifle development of renewable energy and distorts the integrity of competitive markets. This ruling is just the most recent in a series of market reforms that PJM and FERC have undertaken since 2004 to protect the integrity of competitive markets. Moving to capital allocation on slide 8. You can see that our track record is directly in line with our roadmap to value creation of stabilize rightsize and now redefine our company. During 2019 we achieved our investment grade credit metric target. We announced the highly accretive stream retail transaction and closed it within three months. And in line with my commitment to returning capital, we increased our dividend tenfold and executed $1.44 billion in share repurchases. For our 2020 capital allocation plan, we are already executing. We paid our first dividend under our recently announced a $1.20 per share with 7% to 9% annual growth dividend policy. We have already begun executing share repurchases under our current $400 million share buyback program consistent with a 50% return of capital commitment. And like in 2019 and every year since I took over as CEO, you can expect disciplined and timely allocation of our excess on permitted capital as we earn it throughout the year. Last, I want to remind everyone about our capital allocation framework on the right side of the slide. As you can see on the waterfall, we remain committed to maintaining top docile safety and operational excellence. We will continue to have a strong balance sheet having now achieved investment grade credit metrics. And last quarter we provided enhanced visibility into our long term capital return philosophy at least 50% will be return through our mix of dividends and share repurchases. For the other 50%, we remain committed to our growth investment criteria which must meet or exceed our financial professionals and be consistent with our core strategy or it will be returned to shareholders. Now given that the seasonality of our cash flows and liquidity ultimately in form capital allocation, it is my intention for the 50% return of capital to be allocated more programmatically with a dividend paid quarterly and share repurchases throughout the year. At the risk of being redundant, as we have consistently said on nearly every earnings call and every meeting, we are committed to being prudent allocators of shareholder capital. We will continue to demonstrate our discipline by every year into our stated principles and allocate capital to opportunities that maximizes long term value for your investment. That's our mindset. So with that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to the financial summary on slide 10, NRG finished 2019 with $1.977 billion in adjusted EBITDA and $1.212 billion in free cash flow before growth. Retail delivered $920 million in adjusted EBITDA, a $32 million decrease versus 2018 largely due to higher supply costs in the ERCOT region. Highlighting the benefits of our integrated platform posted higher wholesale prices particular in ERCOT benefited our generation segment which delivered $1.057 billion in 2019. Moreover as our prior year 2018 generation results included approximately $180 million in EBITDA from assets subsequently sold as well as (inaudible) results prior to their deconsolidation. On a same store basis, our 2019 generation EBITDA results represented over $400 million year-over-year increase in EBITDA. Our consolidated 2019 results also include the benefit of the full run rate of $590 million from cost savings as well as $135 million of margin enhancement from our transformation plan. 2019 free cash flow before growth was $1.212 billion. Although these results represent a $92 million increase over 2018 free cash flow fell short of our guidance range of $1.25 billion to $1.35 billion due to the impact of a delay in the timing of certain cash flow items which will now contribute to 2020 free cash flow. In total on a net basis the impact of these timing-related items was approximately $60 million. The largest component of these items was to delay in the receipt of $34 million in A and B credit refunds due to NRG in 2019 as a result of the Tax Reform and Jobs Act. NRG filed the required documentation associated with these refunds on time. And we fully expect to receive them in 2020. The balance of the net timing impact primarily consists of other working capital-related items which we now expect in 2012. And as a result, the full amount of the $60 million will be realized in this year. Turning to an update on share repurchase activity we completed the latest $250 million share repurchase program announced in 2019 and have now turned toward executing on programmatic share repurchases in 2020 as a part of our revised capital allocation framework announced last quarter. This framework includes our commitment to returning at least 50% of the annual free cash flow to our shareholders through a combination of our increased dividend and ongoing share repurchases. As a result in 2020, we expect to execute on approximately $380 million of incremental share repurchases, which I’ll explain in greater detail in a few moments. In 2019, reduced debt by $600 million and achieved our target investment grade metrics for the year. We also realized an important milestone as we continue toward our goal to align our ratings with our credit metrics and our reduced risk profile, as we received an upgrade from Moody's to Ba1, one notch below investment grade with a positive outlook. Finally, as Mauricio mentioned in his opening remarks, we’re reaffirming our 2020 adjusted – consolidated adjusted EBITDA guidance range of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion and consolidate free cash flow before growth guidance of $1.275 billion and to $1.475 billion. Turning to slide 12 for a final summary of 2019 capital allocation, with changes since our prior update highlighted in blue. After adjusting for 2019, actual cash flow results our total 2019 excess capital available was $2.845 billion and was allocated as follows, just over $700 million or approximately 25% was used to fund reductions in total debt in order to achieve our target investment grade metrics. $1.44 billion representing just over 50% of total capital was used to fund share repurchases during 2019. We ended the year with $60 million remaining under the most recent $250 million buyback program and have completed these repurchases during early 2020. Dividends in 2019 under the prior dividend policy represented the balance of return of shareholder capital and of course will represent a significantly more robust component of capital allocation going forward, $551 million was allocated to growth in other investments or approximately $830 million increase versus our prior update, reflecting M&A fees and other integration costs associated with our retail acquisition. After a slight shift in transformation plan cost to achieve from 2019 to 2020, we ended 2019 with $35 million in unallocated capital which will be part of the 2020 summary and I'll now turn to that on slide 12. As shown on the left of slide 12, the combination of $35 million carried over from 2019 plus at the midpoint of our 2020 free cash flow guidance leads to just over $1.4 billion in capital available for allocation in 2020. As I mentioned before, we ended 2019 with the $60 million balance remaining under our latest buyback program which has now been completed in 2012.  Adjusting for that 2019 carryover we have $1.35 billion in 2020 capital remaining to be allocated to which we then apply our framework of 50% return of shareholder capital and 50% toward potential value accretive investment opportunities. $675 million will be returned to shareholders in 2020 via our increased dividend for $295 million and the balance of $380 million through ongoing share repurchases of which we have executed $62 million year to date. The remaining 50% of excess capital is available for potential investment opportunities of which only $61 million are currently identified. As shown in the box below the chart this consist of the balance of cost to achieve associated with the transformation plan, our ongoing commitment to legacy GenOn pension obligations and cost associated with readying the site of our retired and senior generating station in California to be marketed for redevelopment. This site is located in San Diego County and is a prime location for real estate developer. As with our successful sale of the Potrero site outside San Francisco just a few years ago the Encina site represents a similar compelling opportunity for monetization. The balance of $640 million in unallocated capital remains available for accretive investment opportunities. However should we be able to find sufficient magnitude of strategically consistent value enhancing opportunities which exceed both our hurdle rate as well as the opportunity cost of our own staff. We intend to allocate any remaining balance of this capital to our shareholders. Finally turning to Slide 13 based on 2019 actual results we ended the year near the midpoint of our target investment grade metric range. For 2020 We remain on track to further strengthen our investment grade credit metrics to 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA making 2020 the second year of achieving investment grade credit metrics for NRG. Importantly we expect to achieve these results without the need for additional capital allocation toward debt reduction. We continue to believe that the combination of our stable cash flows and strong credit metrics along with the continued execution places us in a position to build on our recent ratings upgrade toward achieving investment grade ratings over the next 12 months to 18 months. And with that I'll turn it back to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Turning to Slide 15 I want to provide you a few closing thoughts on our 2020 priorities and expectations. As always our top priority remains delivering on our financial and operational objectives and adhering to our capital allocation principles. In addition to completing our transformation plan, we remain focused on further perfecting and growing our business. These means rebalancing our current portfolio through additional asset optimization efforts and growing our customer base with compelling retail products supported by capital light generation supply. With a large asset sales completed, we're looking at further optimizing single assets and our real estate portfolio at large. An example of that is what we're doing at the Encine site getting it ready for commercial redevelopment and the development on sale of canal 3. These type of projects are generally highly creative, don't use permanent capital and further simplify our story. We will also continue to enhance and simplify our disclosures to better line with the way we manage our integrated business. In the next earnings call, we will provide additional disclosures around our ERCOT platform. Finally and like I said earlier, our company today is stronger than it has ever been. We have the financial flexibility to continue perfecting our platform to make it simpler and more predictable, while consistently returning significant capital to shareholders. I am very excited for 2020 and the future of our company and I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. With all, Twanda, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I really have two. One is how far into the year will you kind of seek growth-related opportunities before you decide to pivot and utilize that capital for share – for share buybacks? That's question one. Question two, just wanted to think about the – the asset base and how you're looking at whether it's the -- some of the fossil plants in the northeast or some of the gas plants in California, what could potentially you know not be a long-term core asset for NRG?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Michael. Good morning and thank you for your questions. I mean the first one related to the timing on you know whether we allocate this capital to grow or we reallocated to share buybacks. I think during the second half of the year, we're going to have more clarity in whether we have actionable growth opportunities that not only meet our financial thresholds but are better than the opportunity cost of buying our own shares. So you know I think at that time we will now start you know reallocating the capital to share buybacks. And then with respect to your second -- yes with respect to your second question about I think it's more broadly just what is core generation in our portfolio. I think in the past I said you know Texas is pretty well balanced and we're actually complementing our supply generation with PPAs. In the East and particularly California, I mean in the east we -- our generation is bigger than our retail supply. So either we grow our retail or we reduce our generation position and we're evaluating that. Now keep in mind that you know the model that we have going forward is we really want generation that serves our a purpose and that purpose is to you know better serve our customers in the most cost efficient way. So we're constantly and continuously going to evaluate you know our generation portfolio in light of that – of that priority. California is less – strategic less because you know we don't have a retail business so you know while we have you know benefited from an increasing capacity price in California, you know we're going to continuously evaluate that portfolio through the lenses of our long term strategic goals.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you very much for that. And then finally when you're looking at cost management opportunities kind of longer term, where do you think the greatest opportunities exist and I'm thinking kind of post 2020?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think you know first I'm assuming you're talking about opportunities for growth or is that what you're referring to Michael?
Michael Lapides: No I'm talking about costs management. So reducing OpEx…
Mauricio Gutierrez: Oh costs management?
Michael Lapides: Yes. Yes.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay. Well a couple of things, you know we've been completely focused right now on executing our transformation right now. So I mean I'm very pleased with the progress that we have made. We're not done yet. We've got to deliver on the margin enhancement. You know as we finalized that, we're going to start looking you know how do we – you know where are the other opportunities are, as we integrate the portfolio and simplify the story, even beyond the – let's call it the big asset sales, I think there is an opportunity to further streamline the inner workings of our organization which will translate in cost savings.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning.
Praful Mehta: Can you hear me?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, good morning.
Praful Mehta: Okay, morning. All right. So the first question was on PJM and Mauricio you talked about the assets are basically getting more capacity rather than energy. Given the uncertainty with what's happening with the FERC ruling allowed capacity auctions and the capacity market, do you see any concern that if every state were to step away from the PJM capacity market that it has a risk for you in terms of your capacity revenue or kind of how do you see that playing out?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So let me provide you just a little bit of context and perhaps I – I'll turn it over to Chris to talk about how it’s going to play out. I mean I want to remind everyone that our total exposure to PJM is less than 5% of our EBITDA. While we have been and very active on the PJM discussion, I also -- I’m mindful that is – the exposure that we have is just less than 5% of our EBITDA so we need to allocate resources accordingly to that. Having said that I will tell you that I was very pleased with the third quarter. I think it is very consistent with what they have done in previous years which is maintain the integrity of competitive markets which have greatly benefited consumers across the PJM footprint. So with that said, Chris in terms of what to expect next?
Kirkland Andrews: Hey, Praful, it’s Kirk. I would say that I agree with Mauricio there that FERC MOPR ruling was positive for competitive markets and should help mitigate some of the impact of handouts to some local utilities. You're talking about states pulling out arguably that’s the FRR process and I think as states look at that they may see that FRR is an inferior alternative for consumers who have a region wide capacity market. I mean if you look at the history of FRRs they’ve consistently cost the consumers in that area three times to 10 times the prevailing auction rate. They shift risk on to a captive set of ratepayers locked into local monopoly. The latest numbers I saw from the IMM indicates that the nukes that are getting the right now are profitable without them so it's unclear to me why an FRR would be the choice of anybody except the ones receiving those subsidies. So yes there's obviously a lot of smoke around this right now and a lot of states are talking about it. But I mean if you dig into what FRRs have done in the past and what they're expected to do in the future it doesn't seem like a great idea for me.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Well that's super helpful color there. Maybe moving on to more strategic question which is as you know ESG and you've talked about it as well in your slides. It’s become a big focus investor focus has changed and continues to change with environmental becoming a big factor. Do you see at some point going private is an option that you would consider or how would you look at that go private given how generally investor perception is changed over time.
Kirkland Andrews: Yes. Well first I agree that ESG has gotten a lot of focus lately. For us this has been a focus of the company since I became CEO. I mean as you can see from the progress and the details that I provided today on the presentation I mean you don't build this overnight. This is the result of 3.5 years you know 4 years of intense work and intense focus on ESG. So not only it’s important for us it's foundational and it's imbedded in everything that we do. To your second question around going private. Right now, it’s not most on me that you know where our stock price is and you know the difference between that it really doesn’t reflect the fundamental value of our company. We continued to be focused on executing and delivering on our results, we believe that the value proposition that we have of a business that is balanced between generation and retail, that provides a stable and predictable earnings, with a you know, investment grade metric balance sheet and a meaningful return of capital shareholders is compelling and you know if that doesn't translate, you know we will evaluate all options, my goal – my mandate is to maximize shareholder value and everything that we do and all the decisions that we take on allocating capital is with that mindset. So you know, I mean right now we're going to be focused on executing but it’s not a lot for me that at some point we will have to evaluate all options.
Praful Mehta: Got you. And just to clarify on that when you say to evaluate all options is there a time window, we should be thinking about in terms of -- if the public market works or not, how should we think about that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes I mean right now we're still in the final year of a three year transformation plan that we have done. We are on a path to achieving investment grade credit rating. I think, when we start seeing the all of those things finalizing and you know obviously we already provided enhanced visibility on our capital allocation. So when these things start you know all visible to shareholders and you know, we just don't see, we continue to see a significant gap between the stock price and the fundamental value of our company. I think that will be the time to start evaluating all other options.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Very helpful, very clear. Thanks so much, Mauricio.
Kirkland Andrews: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our final question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning to you. Thanks for the time again. Just following up on sort of the capital allocation conversations here. Can we talk a little bit more about the unallocated piece and just how you think about finding opportunities that meet this more stringent hurdle rate? And again I'll say it I mean I appreciate the capital allocation diligence that you've articulated here but given just how high of a threshold that is, how do you think about maybe the timing but also related to that the opportunities that that might be available at that sort of 15% beyond just retail, it would seem as if buybacks would be the obvious default here and so. Any thoughts on that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Julien. Well, first of all, the recent price of our stock is never lost on me and particularly when it comes to capital allocation. So as I think about these growth opportunities as I said before and not only they have to meet our financial hurdles, but they need to be superior to the cost of not buying back our own shares. So having said that, there are some areas of opportunities that are consistent with our long term strategy, I will say that retail while there has been a lot of consolidation, there's still some opportunities I would say in the small to medium size companies. And given the scale that we have and the scope of our operational platform, we can achieve significant synergies when looking at these opportunities. I don't see the same attractive opportunities in the generation side. That’s why we have been executing on our capital like PPA strategy. So I mean, I don’t disagree with you I mean, particularly with the recent performance of our stock price, it makes it so much harder to allocate capital to growth or in this case you know it makes the probability of reallocating that capital from growth to share buybacks, you know much more probable.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it and if I can follow up on one more niche type issue here, how are you thinking about New York ultimately given some of the new rags and compliance and just strategic options broadly?
Kirkland Andrews: Hey Julien, Kirk here. You – if you go look at that 10-K there's a line in there that says in effect late last year New York finalized the more stringent regulation that will result in the retirement of the asset of the story at Pratt & Whitney’s in early 2023.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. So it's pretty definitive?
Kirkland Andrews: Yes, I mean the filing will go in, in a couple of days but that line is in the 10-K somewhere.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. Excellent. Thank you all very much.
Kirkland Andrews: No. Yes. The one thing that I will say just keep in mind that you know that is you know it's very valuable to look to New York City and as we always do with our portfolio, we try to evaluate you know what is the most you know profit maximizing way of you know – or looking up that you know these real estate sites.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks.
Kirkland Andrews: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Due to the interest of time, that is all the time we have for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez for to close.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Twanda. Once again, thank you very much for your interest in NRG and I look forward to continuing our conversation. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following management’s prepared remarks, we will host a question-and-answer session and our instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded for replay purposes. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Mr. Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy’s third quarter 2019 earnings call. This morning’s call is scheduled for 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today’s presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today’s presentation. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG’s President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I’m joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer; and also on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail Mass Business; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. I would like to start the call with our key messages on the Slide 3 that highlights the simplicity of our value proposition and demonstrate the predictability of our platform, particularly after the summer we experienced in Texas with significant weather and price volatility. First, our integrated platform performed well during the summer, allowing us to narrow our 2019 guidance around the midpoint of our range, and validating again the resilience of our business. Second, we’re initiating 2020 guidance that further demonstrates our ability to deliver robust and predictable results through varying market conditions. And third, we’re providing additional clarity on our capital allocation philosophy, given the financial flexibility that we have afforded ourselves. We are introducing a framework consistent with our goal of growing and perfecting our business, while returning meaningful capital for shareholders. These framework targets 50% of excess capital towards growth and 50% to be returned to shareholders, supported now by a more significant dividend policy. So moving to our third quarter results on – highlights on Slide 4. As you can see on the left-hand side of the slide, during the quarter, we remained a top decile safety performance and delivered $792 million of adjusted EBITDA, or 33% higher than last year on a same-store basis. This was primarily driven by higher realized power prices, margin enhancement, and retail customer growth, partially offset by higher retail supply costs and higher unplanned outages. In the summer in Texas was particularly challenging, given the extreme weather and price volatility that resulted in record prices and record demand. I’m very proud of our generation and retail teams for their ability to deliver a strong financial performance during a period of extreme price volatility. It is exactly in this price environment that our platform demonstrate the benefits of the integrated model. Our year-to-date adjusted EBITDA results now stand up $1.6 billion, a 19% increase from last year, allowing us to narrow our 2019 guidance range around the midpoint to $1.9 billion to $2 billion. During the quarter, we continue to execute on our capital-light strategy, signing an additional 100 megawatts of solar PPAs, bringing the total to 1.4 gigawatts this year. While we continue to pursue additional solar PPAs, which allows us to better serve our customers and further balance our integrated platform. Also, during the quarter, we completed $55 million of our current $250 million share repurchase program, leaving $195 million to be completed over the balance of the year. Moving to the right side of this slide, we’re initiating 2020 adjusted EBITDA guidance of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion and free cash flow before growth guidance of $1.275 billion to $1.475 billion. This guidance further demonstrates our ability to deliver stable and predictable results through varying market conditions. Kirk will provide additional details on both guidance ranges later in the call. Finally, as part of the long-term capital allocation policy that I will discuss in more detail later in the presentation, I’m pleased to announce that beginning in the first quarter of 2020, we will increase our annual dividend from $0.12 per share to $1.20 per share, or about 3% yield, with a target annual growth rate of 7% to 9%. Now turning to Slide 5 for a closer look at the summer in Texas. On the top left chart, we show weather represented a cooling degree days by month. As you can see, summer weather was mixed. Mild temperatures are early in the summer, with warmer weather in August and September, presented unique challenges for the power grid. This resulted in power prices significantly different from their forward indications. As you can see in the lower chart, July prices came in below forecast, while August and September came in significantly above, driven primarily by warmer weather, coupled with lower than expected wind generation and increased unplanned outages. Like the rest of the market, we also experienced some increased unplanned outages. The most notable one being WA Parish unit 6, after running reliably for over 200 consecutive days. The cost of the outage was a one-off and we do not expect to see a repeat in the future, as the circumstances were specific to that unit. However, the unit meets most of August and September, limiting our ability to benefit from higher prices. Now turning to the right side of the slide, our integrated platform provided stable results through July’s low load, low price and August and September’s high load, high price environments. Underpinning our success was strong supply and risk management, enhanced customer outreach, and build management tools provided to residential and commercial customers. Now between the summer of 2018, with volatile forwards and disappointing real-time prices, and the summer of 2019 with almost the opposite higher real-time prices, we have now demonstrated the strength and predictability of our integrated model through two very different market conditions. This is one more example of what underpins our confidence in the stability and predictability of our business. Now, as we entered 2020 with limited calls on our capital, I want to take a moment to review our capital location track record on Slide 6, particularly in light of the financial flexibility we have created for ourselves. As you recall, we have outlined three distinct phases on our transformation. First, in 2016 and 2017, we focus on stabilizing the business through selling or closing underperforming assets, focusing on our core integrated business and strengthening our balance sheet. If you recall, my first commitment to you nearly four years ago, was to leave no doubt in our balance sheet strength, and that is where we committed our excess cash. We allocated 70% of excess cash during this period to debt repayment and 20% to resolve legacy commitments. Next, in 2018, we entered Phase 2 with a focus on right-sizing the portfolio to better integrate and align generation with retail. During this period, we executed over $3 billion in asset sales, which reduced our generation portfolio by 50% and strengthened our balance sheet to investment-grade credit metrics, creating tremendous financial flexibility. And with this financial flexibility, we completed two accretive mid-sized retail transactions by allocating 18% of our excess cash and took advantage of our dislocated stock price by allocating nearly 50% towards returning capital to shareholders and reducing our share count by over 20%. Now as we move into our next phase of redefining our business and with significant financial flexibility, I want to provide additional clarity and refinement into our long-term capital principles and priorities. As you can see on the right-hand side, our commitment to safety, operational excellence and balance sheet remains unchanged. Our enhancement today will focus on growing our business and returning capital to shareholders. Like I have said in past calls, I believe a predictable cash flow company like ours, should regularly and meaningfully return capital to shareholders. It creates discipline and it is part of our overall value proposition. Let me further unpack these on Slide 7. Starting on the left-hand side, you can see our updated capital allocation framework waterfall. We have come a long way in achieving our goals. We continue to maintain top decile safety and operational excellence and have achieved what we believe to be investment-grade credit metrics. Today, we are establishing a target allocation mix of 50% to our traded growth investments and 50% to return of capital. For those listening that are new to the NRG story, prior to today, returning capital to shareholders was primarily viewed through the lens of unallocated growth capital, which is no longer the case. I believe a long-term commitment through a strong dividend policy, complemented by share repurchases, is an important attribute for both value creation and broadening our shareholder base. First, on growth. As you can see on the waterfall, there is no change in our investment criteria. These capital will either be deployed in good, sound investments that meet our financial thresholds and are consistent with our strategy or they will be returned back to our shareholders. Next, on return of capital. We are increasing our annual dividend from $0.12 to $1.20 per share beginning in the first quarter of 2020 and targeting a 7% to 9% annual growth rate. While I continue to see our stock as one of the most compelling investment opportunities, I also believe a more significant dividend policy, provides added visibility in returning capital to shareholders and helps broaden our investor base, as we continue to execute and validate the stability and predictability of cash flows. We will also complement the dividend with significant and programmatic share repurchases. On the right side of this slide, we want to illustrate the magnitude of the excess cash and the impact of our refined capital allocation policy. If we simply maintain the existing earnings power of our business, while deploying 50% of our excess cash at the midpoint of our hurdle rate, and the remaining 50% of excess cash used to grow the dividend and for share purchases, you can see in this scenario that over the next five years, we would generate over $8 billion of excess cash, or 80% of our market cap, grow our annual free cash flow before growth by 50% and shrink our share count by 30%. We are an increasingly stable and predictable cash flow company that through the combination of compelling growth investments and share repurchases are on track to double our free cash flow per share over the next five years, while paying a compelling and affordable dividend with 7% to 9% annual growth. So with that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to the financial summary on Slide 9, NRG delivered $792 million in adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter and $433 million in free cash flow before growth. This brings total adjusted EBITDA through the first nine months to around $1.6 billion, with $637 million in free cash flow. After adjusting for a $57 million reduction in EBITDA for asset sales and deconsolidations in 2018, our third quarter results were $198 million higher than 2018, driven by generation, which benefited from higher realized power prices in Texas and lower costs from transformation plan savings. These elements were partially offset by lower capacity revenues and generation volumes in the East and the West, while retail remained flat for the quarter with higher supply costs and milder weather at the beginning of the quarter, offsetting our margin enhancement initiatives and contributions from acquisitions. The bulk of the third quarter retail load and EBITDA was generated during the back-half of third quarter, resulting in higher working capital, driven by receivables. As a result of a greater portion of the cash flow associated with third quarter retail EBITDA, that cash flow will be realized during the fourth quarter as the receivable balance unwinds, and we’ve already begun to see this significant cash flow materialized over the month of October. With these results to date, we’re narrowing our 2019 EBITDA guidance range to $1.9 to $2 billion in EBITDA. As I alluded to last quarter, higher power prices in ERCOT have driven higher realized and expected EBITDA for the Generation segment, while the corresponding higher cost drives lower expected EBITDA for Retail. These elements are reflected in the revised segment components of our narrowed consolidated guidance, which nonetheless remain centered around our original midpoint. While midpoint EBITDA guidance remains unchanged, our revised 2019 free cash flow guidance midpoint is lowered by $50 million, due to the cash flow impact from outages during 2019, including WA Parish. Although, the EBITDA impact of these outages was offset by other items, our free cash flow outlook is slightly lower, primarily due to increases in maintenance CapEx, resulting from the outages. During the third quarter, we finalized the contractually required one-time leverage test for our Petra Nova project. Although, as I indicated on our previous earnings call, NRG’s obligation could have been up to $124 million, we were able to keep the amount required from NRG to only $107 million. We satisfied this obligation in two parts. First, $95 million of cash was contributed by NRG to the project in the third quarter; and second, NRG posted a $12 million letter of credit, which may be drawn by the project at a future date. Having now satisfied our legacy obligation under the leverage test, the guarantee supporting this obligation is now eliminated and the remaining debt at the project is non-recourse to NRG. Finally, since the announcement in August of our $250 million share repurchase program, we’ve completed $55 million in additional share purchases at an average of $37.62 a share. We expect to complete the remaining $195 million of repurchases under that program over the balance of the year. Turning to Slide 10, you’ll find our newly announced guidance ranges for 2020. Specifically, we expect $1.9 billion to $2 billion in adjusted EBITDA for 2020. As shown in the table on the right-hand side of the slide, based on the midpoint of our guidance ranges, this implies about $50 million of year-over-year increase in adjusted EBITDA, driven by the final component of our margin enhancement program, or $80 million and the full contribution from the Stream acquisition. These are partially offset by higher year-over-year retail costs. We expect $1.275 billion to $1.375 billion in free cash flow before growth in 2020, converting approximately $0.70 of EBITDA into cash. Our 2020 guidance ranges exclude any EBITDA or free cash flow associated with Agua Caliente, as we are targeting the sale of our remaining stake in that project during 2020. Turning to Slide 11 for a brief update on 2019 capital allocation. Changes since the prior quarter are highlighted in blue include a slight adjustments to total capital to reflect the midpoint of our revised free cash flow guidance. Growth investments now reflect $95 million in cash contributed to Petra Nova, as well as a small increase associated with the purchase of retail books. As a result, we have about $80 million of 2019 excess capital remaining to be allocated, which we’d expect to allocate using the newly announced guideline Mauricio outlined earlier, or approximately 50% for growth and 50% to share repurchases. Finally, as I mentioned during my review of third quarter results, we’ve seen significant positive cash flow since the end of the quarter. In order to show this more clearly, on the upper right of the slide, I’ve included a liquidity table to show the significant change in liquidity, which is the sum of cash and credit facility availability as of November 1, as compared to the quarter-end. Over the month of October, our liquidity improved by over $450 million. Net of the non-cash reduction in letters of credit posted over 50% of this improvement in liquidity represents free cash flow before growth during the month of October. And finally, turning to Slide 12. The midpoint of our newly announced 2020 guidance range places us on track to achieve the low-end of our target investment-grade metrics for about 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA, making 2020 the second year of investment-grade metrics for NRG. We continue to believe that these consistent and strong credit metrics, combined with a continued execution and an active dialogue with ratings agencies, places us in a position to earn an investment-grade rating in the next 12 to 18 months. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Turning to Slide 14, I want to provide you a few closing thoughts on our 2019 priorities and expectations. Our top priority for sometime has been to demonstrate the predictability and stability of our integrated platform. And this summer marks another year of delivering stable earnings through volatile market conditions. As you can see on our scorecard, we’ve made significant progress across all other priorities from perfecting our business and reducing debt to delivering on our transformation goals. We will continue to simplify our disclosures to help better understand the value proposition of our integrated platform going forward. As we move into 2020, I’m confident our platform, coupled with clear and compelling capital allocation principles, is well positioned to deliver strong and predictable results and create significant shareholder value. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Brian, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Congratulations.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Julien. Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, so perhaps first off, I’m curious on the new growth strategy, if you could elaborate a little bit. How do you think about the finding investments that achieved those hurdle rates? And how do you think about sort of over time contrast and that against your own levered and unlevered yield as it stands today?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, I don’t think there is a new growth strategy. I think what we’re doing here is to provide more clarity on the return of capital policy that we have long-term. In terms of growth, I don’t think anything has changed from my perspective. In the near-term, I continue to see opportunities in the – primarily in the retail space. I will say, small to medium-sized companies similar to what we executed in the past year-and-a-half with XOOM and Stream. And the number of those opportunities are still limited, but that’s where we’re going to focus in the near-term. I mean, medium and long-term, we will see where these opportunities are. I mean, as we continue to perfect our model, obviously, we’re looking at, how do we enhance the products and services that we provide to our customers. But I wouldn’t characterize it as a new growth strategy. It’s just providing more clarity on our return of capital to shareholders.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But are there still opportunities to acquire retail platforms at this point, given just the consolidation we’ve already seen? And then maybe I’ll ask at the same time, the 7% and 9% dividend growth, that’s basically predicated on not just the repo, but also finding these platforms and deploying capital allocation?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I mean, we still see some opportunities. I mean, where, as you mentioned, I mean, there is some – there’s a pretty fair activity in terms of our consolidation in the retail space. We’re evaluating what will be complementary to our business in terms of products, regions, channels, just like we did with XOOM and Stream, which gets us into the referral sales channel. We’re evaluating what else, where are these other opportunities that can complement and enhance and grow our our retail business, but that’s where I see right now the most immediate opportunities. Obviously, we’re still executing on our capitalized strategy to continue perfecting and balancing our portfolio. But, as I said, I mean, that’s capital, right?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. Okay. Thank you very much, guys. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning. How are you?
Greg Gordon: I’m good. I’m good. So I guess, just to follow-up on Julien’s point. I mean, you are reiterating a pretty high hurdle rate for growth capital investments. And it would seem to me that the depth of the market for either assets or businesses that have those type of returns could be pretty shallow. So you’re committed, if you can’t deploy that capital in any given year to pivoting to buybacks with that money? I mean, I know you – if you just talk through your thought process on that and how you’ll communicate that going forward?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, the long-term capital return – the return of capital policy that we’re providing today does have some flexibility embedded in it, I mean, if we cannot find growth opportunities that meet our financial thresholds. And importantly, that is superior to buying back our own stock, then we’ll return that capital to shareholders in the form of share buybacks. So that’s where the flexibility is embedded in our plan. But again, what I wanted – the goal of today is to provide more clarity in terms of what is that return of capital philosophy that supports the value proposition of NRG. Greg, as I said in the past, I mean, the value proposition of the company it is to have a business model that is balanced, that provides the stable and predictable earnings with an investment-grade type of balance sheet and a very clear and transparent capital allocation principles. And part of those principles is to returning a meaningful part of our excess cash to shareholders. What we are doing today is providing that clarity in terms of what is meaningful. And what I’m saying today is $0.50 of every dollar of excess cash will go to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and 50% will go to growth. But if we cannot find growth opportunities that meet the threshold that I just said, then we’ll return that capital for shareholders.
Greg Gordon: Great. Are there any – is there any type of investment that’s – that you would say is sort of off limits? Like are you not interested in more power generation, or in the right markets, if you have the right retail load – mix is our power generation assets potentially part of the capital deployment scenario?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, at this point, we’re being very successful with our capital-light strategy on the generation side. Given where we’re seeing the economics. I don’t see immediately opportunities in generation. That doesn’t mean that we’re creating optionality within our portfolio. I mean, we have a lot of assets. We have a lot of power plants across our fleet. But I don’t see that today. I mean, I think the most immediate actionable opportunities are within the retail space.
Greg Gordon: All right. Thanks. One last question. When I look at the hedges, I see that you’ve rolled the hedges forward to 2021, and it looks like you’ve got some pretty good marks in there. You also mentioned that you’re going to continue, however, to evolve your disclosures. Can you maybe give us a little bit more on where you think you’re heading there? So few questions, sorry.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, when I think about the business, I don’t think about it two different businesses, I mean, generation and retail. I actually think about it as an integrated platform. So one of the improvements that we’re going to do on the disclosures is, how do we think about that integrated platform. I think we’ve been very good at providing disclosures on the generation side of the business, but now we have to do a better job in providing them holistically for the integrated model as a whole.
Greg Gordon: Great. And Kirk, can you comment on the hedge position? It looks like you have some pretty good marks there?
Kirkland Andrews: Yes. I mean, I think we’ve taken advantage of some higher prices, as we always have at the end of the day, that’s obviously improved our position. But we’re mindful of the fact that, the balance of that whether we hedge or whether we remain open, that obviously provides a backdrop or support for the retail supply, especially around ERCOT. But yes, certainly a product of well-timed hedging taking advantage of rally and market prices beyond the prop here, certainly.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. Hi, good morning. So maybe…
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Fleishman: Hey, Mauricio. So maybe just a little more color on, obviously, retail has been hurt by the supply cost and the like. But just how’s retail performing, both in terms of the traditional ERCOT business, customer count, things like that? And also, how would you characterize how the acquisitions have gone so far in retail?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Steve. Well, let me turn it to Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Killinger: So first, I’ll start with the acquisitions. We are very pleased with both the XOOM and Stream acquisitions. They have integrated very seamlessly into our organization. And in XOOM’s case has set records in selling once it was under our ownership and Stream is integrating well. They’re both culturally and from a team and business process perspective, that’s going very well. We do have some noise in our customer account inter quarter, really because of the acquisitions from the small book transactions, which includes expected early attrition. And so we will – we – that’s part of our valuation model. And overall, I’m very pleased with the strength and the performance of our acquisition and retention engine. In light of some customer price pressure – or bill shock pressure that customers have experienced. So we’ll continue to run this business and balance both EBITDA and customer account with an eye towards long-term growth, which we have demonstrated year in and year out, both on earnings and customer count.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just at a high level, I mean, just to try and simplify, what you’re seeing in the mix here is just the supply cost retail going up because of higher ERCOT prices and you are capturing that essentially in generation with better numbers 2019, 2020 than you might have initially expected…
Mauricio Gutierrez: That’s correct.
Steven Fleishman: Is that…?
Mauricio Gutierrez: …that’s absolutely correct, Steve. I mean, this is a complementary and countercyclical nature of these two businesses. But as I said in the past, I mean, I’m focused on total gross margin for the company. Let’s focus on the segments and making sure that that top – that gross margin is just stable and predictable regardless of market conditions.
Steven Fleishman: And then just lastly, on the PPA strategy, I saw you added a little bit more in Texas. Just what – where should we maybe see that going over the next year or so? How much more do you want to do?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, I mean, as you noted, I mean, we only executed 100 megawatts this quarter. And I think that is an indication of the slowdown that we’re seeing on solar development. We’re just not seeing the attractiveness on the solar PPA that we saw initially. I mean, there has been an increase in cost for some of the solar developers, tariffs. So I think that’s having a very active strategy like this just gives us a lot of visibility in terms of the speed at which solar development is happening and what I’m telling you is slowing down a little bit. In terms of how much more from the 1.4, the governing number here is the size of our retail business. So if you look at our retail business big long versus our generation, I would feel comfortable if we execute that’s close to 2 to 2.5 gigs, but obviously, that’s going to depend on the economics that we can achieve on the PPAs. So, what I think, that’s a good observation, Steve.
Steven Fleishman: Is it just less – you’re not seeing kind of some of the irrational price offers, I guess, that might have been there before in terms of …?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, I think, some of the offers that we saw earlier, we don’t see it anymore, and I think it’s a function of two things. One, I mean, keep in mind that the counterparty that we’re talking about are pretty high-quality counterparties, because we can provide them a – an average of 10-year contract with balance sheet that is investment grade. So we actually enable them and put them at a higher competitive position vis-à-vis other developers. But I think it’s also impacted by perhaps higher costs due to tariffs that have been imposed.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: You’re welcome, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Will Grainger with Citi. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta: Hi. This is actually Praful from Citi. So on the EBITDA profile that you provided over the longer-term, as you think about your capital allocation, just wanted to understand you think about any degradation of EBITDA in that profile, especially if there’s any replacement needed for existing assets that – existing generation assets that need to be replaced. How do you think about that in that mix?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, good morning, Praful. So the way I think about it is, perhaps we need to do it on a regional basis. In Texas, I feel very stable, because we have pretty well balanced portfolio between generation and retail. So, whether you have a contango or a backward-dated curve, your retail margins can expand, while your generation contracts on the other way around. So I see that very stable in Texas for the foreseeable future. The East, this is slightly different, because our generation continues to be bigger than our retail and is primarily driven by capacity prices. The good thing in the East is that, we know exactly what it is in the next three years. So, we have good, I mean, everybody has good visibility on that. Beyond that is going to depend on what happens with FERC and the actions that they take around the out-of-market subsidies for nuclear resources. And that’s really going to depend on that regulatory outcome. What I will say is that, we have actually seen a, let’s call it, a nicer price in California. Capacity prices have increased significantly. So, while we have seen some pressure in capacity in the East, we actually have seen some gains in the West that have balanced each other out. So I would say that – I just feel very comfortable with the guidance that we have provided for 2020 as a base to do the calculations. And obviously, what we provided was illustrative, but I feel very, very comfortable with that.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. That’s super helpful context. Then in terms of what you said on the growth CapEx and retail, giving you’re a pretty balanced, as you said, in the Texas market already, should we think about the incremental retail that you’re looking to acquire in the near-term to be in different markets other than Texas, or how should we think about that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, I think it will be both. I mean, obviously, I want to grow the East to better balance. But I will say that, it’s not that we’re not growing in Texas. I mean, we have a pretty commanding lead, I mean, a little over 30% of market share. So, I mean, there’s still – if we can grow Texas, I mean, think about Texas in the context of, there is organic growth in Texas as a whole. The market is growing 2%. So, we can grow with the market. And then number two, if we can add additional market share from competitors, either through organic initiatives or inorganic acquisitions. I mean, we’re going to do that. But that is value for me regardless of where the region. And then on the rebalancing side in Texas, I mean, we’re going to continue to take advantage of these new technologies that are coming into the market and I mean, we’re doing it at very attractive levels. We’re participating on that and. And all this does is just lower our cost of serving load So yes, I’m good with them.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. Super helpful. Then just finally, in terms of like the breadth of retail, would you look at distributed generation or some of those types of assets as well as part of your broadened retail mix, or are you kind of going to stay more focused in terms of what you acquire?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, if your question on distributed generation is something like residential solar. No, I’m not. I think we have been there, we have done that. We’re focused on continuing to establish a much closer relationship with our customers creating more loyalty and infinity, providing more products and services. But we don’t have to vertically integrate every single product that we offer to our customers. I mean, I’m okay partnering. And actually, today, we offer residential solar. We just offer it through partners. And what is important to me is that, we maintain the relationship with a customer, that we give them best-in-class interface to all the products and services that we provide, whether we do them all in-house or not. And in the case of some of the distributed resources, I’d rather partner than vertically integrate.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. Super helpful, Mauricio. Thanks so much.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. First question, for you, Kirk. As you unveil your higher or more aggressive dividend policy, wondering if you’ve had discussions with the rating agencies. Does it have any implications on their thinking regarding investment-grade? And just from a priority point of view, where does investment-grade or achieving that fit in versus capital allocation, et cetera?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Kirk?
Kirkland Andrews: Well, I mean, first of all, it’s Kirk. We’ve obviously allocated the capital necessary to achieve the metrics, both in 2019 and sustain them into 2020. So from a capital allocation perspective, we feel very comfortable that we put our money, where our metrics need to be in are, if you will. As far as the dividend is concerned, we – based on our ongoing dialogue with the rating agencies, I think, certainly, they’re very focused on capital allocation. Our first priority, which we say to you and say to them, notwithstanding the fact we don’t perceive the need for capital. It doesn’t change the fact that our priority goes first to maintain those balance sheet metrics. That’s a very important part of the dialogue, both with our investors as well as the agencies. And we feel comfortable that the dividend commitment is right-sized relative to our confidence in the overall magnitude of free cash flow, still affording us a lot of financial flexibility around that. And because the chart Mauricio showed, depicts the combination or the benefit of ongoing share repurchases to a significant degree, i.e. shrinking the denominator, keeps us from needing to grow the overall dividend at the same magnitude as the growth on a per share basis. So that also keeps the capital necessary for that very manageable. So I think all that factors in both to our thinking about the dividend, as well as the dialogue we have with the rating agencies around that topic.
Ali Agha: Gotcha. And then secondly, coming back to the – this integrated model. So, as you depict to us on Slide 21, at least on the wholesale side, you’re seeing this – currently, this downward trend, 2021 over 2020. When you think about the retail business, how much of that roughly do you think is offset? And on an integrated basis just big picture-wise, how does 2021 today look to you relative to 2020?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I would say pretty flat. I mean, we have the ability to expand margins on that environment. So when I say that is complementary and countercyclical, I mean, if there is a – if there is some backwardation in the curve and that’s putting some pressure on generation. I expect retail to expand those margins. And keep in mind that we’re also, in 2021, we’re going to start seeing the benefits of the PPAs that we have also signed. So they tend to be somewhat very attractive compared to market. So all it does is, we’re serving low at a lower cost of goods sold for a lack of a better word. Now, like I said, I mean, you also have to look at the East is slightly different, right? Like I said, I mean, it’s driven primarily by capacity revenues. But we provide very clear visibility in terms of what those capacity revenues are for the next three years. They’re locked in, so there’s no surprises. And we can adjust our maintenance programs. We can adjust our cost structure depending on what the earnings profile of those assets in these would be. So I mean, that’s a lever that you perhaps actually that you don’t see in these one dimensional sensitivity that we provide, is what else can we do around the cost structure of the company to ensure that we maintain competitiveness in our fleet.
Ali Agha: Gotcha. And final question, which – one of your peer companies talked about this concept of retail backwardation, where they’re seeing negative margins in the first couple of years turning to positive as they sign fixed price longer-term contracts. Just curious, are you seeing any of that in your portfolio in your markets?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, everything that we do, I mean, I’m assuming you’re talking about commercial and industrial long-term transaction? Is that what you’re talking about?
Ali Agha: Yes.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I mean, I guess a couple of things. Number one, when we do any C&I transaction, we back-to-back it with supply. So we’re basically locking a gross margin for the term of the transaction. We always have the option to either source it internally through our generation or source it from the market depending on what’s the most optimal way for us. And then number three, you’re always going to see the impact of though – that business in our earnings. So, transparency, clarity, visibility, it is important. So, while I can – I mean, in a contango market on a backward-dated market, when you’re doing a term deal, is there – are you levelizing the curve, and it creates a different dynamic? Yes, of course. But I mean, the most important thing here is supply. We’re trying to lock in a margin through the term of the deal. And we want to make sure that supply and the – I guess, the C&I deal, the revenue line and the cost line is pretty consistent.
Ali Agha: Okay. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session for today. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference back over to Mauricio Gutierrez for any closing comments or remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. Well, thank you very much for your interest in NRG and look forward to talking to you in the upcoming weeks. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the program.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your patience. You’ve joined the NRG Energy, Inc. Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Head of Investor Relations, Kevin Cole. You may begin. 
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Lateef. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy’s second quarter 2019 earnings call. This morning’s call is scheduled for 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today’s presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today’s presentation. And now with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG’s President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I am joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail Mass Business; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. Over the past 3.5 years we have made significant progress in transforming our company from a traditional IPP to an integrated power company focused on our customers. We monetized our excess generation and rebalanced our portfolio. We streamlined our operations. We slashed our debt. We achieved our targeted credit metrics. We are perfecting our business to make it more stable. And through all of these efforts, we created tremendous financial flexibility.  As you can see, we have come a long way and I am very pleased with our progress and excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. However, the recent stock price performance does not reflect our confidence in the resiliency of our integrated model to deliver predictable and robust results. Our confidence in the business remains absolutely unchanged. We will continue to demonstrate the value of our business year-after-year.  So with that on Slide 3, we have outlined the key messages for today's presentation. First, our business delivered another quarter of stable results demonstrating the value of our integrated platform during a period of volatile prices. And today, we are reaffirming our full year financial guidance. Second, we continue to perfect our integrated platform with the acquisition of Stream Energy and the execution of approximately 1.3 gigawatts of solar PPA generator. And third, we're making good progress on our capital allocation plan.  During the quarter, we fully completed our debt reduction program and we have finally achieved our targeted investment grade credit metrics. In addition, we are announcing an incremental $250 million share repurchase program, which brings our total 2019 share repurchases to $1.5 billion.  Moving to the financial and operational results for the second quarter on Slide 4, we achieved top decile safety performance and delivered $469 million of adjusted EBITDA. The second quarter results were driven primarily by higher wholesale power prices, offset by higher retail supply costs and mild weather, demonstrating the complementary nature of our Generation and Retail businesses.  On the right hand side of the slide, similar to last quarter, we have provided our EBITDA on a same-store basis adjusted for asset sales and the consolidations. As you can see, for the first half of the year, our business delivered $801 million or 7% higher than last year. Now beyond these financials, we made significant [Technical Difficulty] further perfecting the stability and predictability of our platform. We launched our previously announced capital-light strategy signing approximately 1.3 gigawatts of solar PPA generator at an average length of 10 years, which complements our Generation portfolio, allows us to better serve our customers and further balances our integrated platform.  In addition, we closed on the acquisition of Stream Energy. This acquisition increases our national multi-brand retail leadership position and adds more than 600,000 Residential Customer Equivalents or RCEs with a run rate EBITDA of $65 million. We also achieved our investment grade credit metrics by reducing our total debt by $600 million and executed on a number of transactions in the debt markets at very attractive levels. This completes our balance sheet strengthening program and Kirk will provide additional details in his section.  Also during the quarter, we completed the latest $1 billion share repurchase program, bringing our total year-to-date to $1.25 billion. In addition, we are announcing an incremental $250 million share repurchase program to be completed by year end. We will address our plans for the remaining $259 million of 2019 excess cash, as we usually do, on the third quarter earnings call. However, we’re reserving up to a $124 million of this capital for the Petra Nova project.  Let me give you some context. Back in 2014, when we closed the financing for this project, NRG and our 50-50 partner JX Nippon provided a financial guarantee to Petra Nova’s lenders. These guarantees were to remain in place to support a one-time debt service ratio test which proscribe a prepayment of principal in the event the ratio fell below the threshold.  We have been in active negotiation with the project lenders and we now expect to fund the prepayment in the third quarter. Although, the final prepayment amount has not yet been determined, our obligation is limited to the guarantee amount. Once the debt prepayment is made, the guarantee will terminate and the remaining debt will become non-recourse to NRG.  So now moving on to our summer update on Slide 5, I wanted to provide you a brief update on the position of our integrated model, even though we are only in the middle of the summer. As you can see on the left hand side, second quarter weather was milder than normal particularly in June which impacted both prices and loads. Our portfolio so far is performing well.  Starting with Retail, as expected load. We’re also providing energy conversation alerts and demand management programs which help consumers manage load during peak hours. The milder weather during the second quarter has resulted in lower volumes. Unlike any other consumer business, if we sell less of our product, it will impact our results.  For Generation, we are maintaining excess length to help ensure against unplanned outages and load spikes. We expanded our pre-summer maintenance program to ensure our units can withstand increased run times. And we returned to service our Gregory plant, a 385 megawatt combined cycle plant which provides additional reliability to our platform and to the ERCOT system ahead of this tight summer.  Given [how rich] is our portfolio, we expect to have limited exposure to price or volumetric risk. I know we’re only halfway through the summer, and as we’re seeing this week, ERCOT is in the middle of a high-load high volatility period, with the rest of August still ahead of us. We remain focused across the organization on ensuring reliable operations and a successful summer.  Now turning to Slide 6, I want to provide you an update on the ERCOT market. The supply demand balance remained tightened than it has never been, given strong load growth, previous asset retirements and lack of newbuilds. In May ERCOT released their semiannual Capacity Demand and Research report or CDR, which outlines the expected supply demand balance in the system and is shown in the upper left side of this slide.  As you can see, future reserve margins are dependent on newbuilds, particularly wind and solar. While the CDR report is helpful in understanding what is planned or possible, it has historically been a poor indicator of what actually gets build in the current year. In fact, we have seen less than 50% of renewal project included in the CDR reports completed.  And a closer look at the report reveal that 1.7 gigawatts are included from three natural gas plants that have already been delayed by an average of five years with no signs of moving forward. The report also does not yet include nearly 1.4 gigawatts of thermal generation that has already announced plans to retire. Together, these accounts put 4% of the reserve margin. Keep in mind that a little more than half of the 7 gigawatts of solar included in the report have posted financial security for interconnection.  In the table on the lower left hand side, we tried to adjust for some of these factors and estimate what is the amount of megawatts required from solar to maintain a reserve margin of 10% to 12%. As you can see in the table we estimate over 17 gigawatts of new renewables are necessary to achieve those reserve margins in the next three years. We see this as a challenging given our recent experience signing solar PPAs and the backward dated forward power prices. Let me be clear, the ERCOT needs a tremendous amount of investment to just simply maintain the low reserve margin it currently has. Now from a platforms perspective, we’re looking to facilitate solar newbuilds to improve grid reliability and rebalance our portfolio by entering into medium term PPAs. This PPAs help enable the developers to obtain cost-effective financing and tax equity to economically develop the project. And for us, they complement our generation profile, lower our cost structure and allows us to better serve our customers. From a market perspective, we expect ERCOT to remain tight and volatile for the foreseeable future, even in the face of a large renewable build-up. This price environment should prove difficult for pure retailers or generators that will be exposed to swings in the market. Our integrated platform is well positioned to thrive during this volatile and emerging renewable newbuild cycle. And you can expect us to deliver strong and predictable results.  I want to give one last comment regarding our markets. As you all know FERC issued an order earlier this month directing PJM to delay the August capacity auction. While we’re hopeful a final order will be issued by the end of the year, the timeline FERC action remains uncertain.  We continue to view a strong MOPR at the simplest and most cost effective way to reduce the harmful impact of subsidies on the capacity market.  And as I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we have come a long way in achieving our goals.  Slide 7 summarizes how we have transformed our business. We have significantly rebalanced our portfolio and streamlined our operations. Today, we have two complementary encounter cyclical businesses that provides a stable and predictable earnings under various market conditions.  We are focused on perfecting our business and making it even more stable with the generation fleet that supports our retail operations. The more balanced we are, the less exposure we have to the market and the more synergies we can achieve between the two businesses by crossing more Generation with Retail.  We are no longer your traditional IPP exposed to the feast and famine of power cycles. By having deliberately changed the risk profile of our business, we have also realigned our balance sheet and achieved investment grade credit metrics.  Now, our focus will turn into achieving investment grade rating. We recognize that this business model is relatively new but we’re working hard to demonstrate the stability of our platform.  Finally, we have created tremendous financial flexibility of our business with our actions. Now, with our deleveraging program behind us, we will focus our excess cash in 2020 and beyond on perfecting our model and returning capital to our shareholders.  With that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review. 
Kirk Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to financial summary on Slide 9 for the second quarter NRG delivered $469 million in adjusted EBITDA and $230 million in consolidated free cash flow before growth. This brings total adjusted EBITDA for the first half of the year to $801 million. As we did last quarter we provided a walk from our first half 2018 results to 2019 to provide some additional details behind the year-over-year drivers for our results.  Starting with our first half 2018 results we again eliminate the impact of asset sales, retirements and deconsolidations from our prior year’s results. Deducting the $103 million impact of these items from 2018 results provides a baseline for comparison to our reported results for the first half of this year. Year-to-date our results are positively impacted by incremental savings and margin enhancements from the transformation plan which positively impact results by $66 million versus the prior year.  Next, year-to-date Retail results are $123 million lower primarily due to higher costs which impacted gross margins with the remaining variance coming from XOOM Energy which closed June 1st of last year and weather as 2018 saw a positive benefit while the milder weather through June negatively impacted our 2019 Retail results, leading to a $35 million year-over-year impact.  Year-to date Generation results were $108 million higher as more robust wholesale prices drove higher gross margins, offsetting the opposite impact of supply costs out of Retail, further validating the effectiveness of the integrated model.  Behind the higher wholesale -- beyond the higher wholesale price impact rather, higher emissions credit sales in 2018 were offset by the benefit of the Midwest Generation asbestos settlement in 2019. While we increased major maintenance expenditures in 2019 to ensure our Texas fleet, including the Gregory plant, was fully prepared for reliable operations ahead of the valuable summer months.  With our strong outlook for the summer together with our significant hedge position for the balance of the year, we are reaffirming our 2019 guidance ranges of $1.85 billion to $2.05 billion in EBITDA and $1.25 billion to $1.45 billion of free cash flow. While we're maintaining our ranges for the subcomponents of our businesses as well, given year-to-date results and our outlook for the remainder of the year, Retail results are more likely to trend below the midpoint while Generation is trending above its midpoint.  As in years past, we expect the bulk of our EBITDA to come in the third quarter, which consistent with past performance is expected to represent more than 40% of our annual results. We will update and narrow our guidance ranges on third quarter earnings call.  During the second quarter we deployed over $1 billion in excess capital continuing to return capital to shareholders as well as achieving our balance sheet targets. Specifically, we completed the remaining $500 million of our share repurchase program announced on our fourth quarter earnings call, bringing year-to-date share repurchases to $1.25 billion, reducing share count by over 10% or 32 million shares at an average price of $38.80.  And as Mauricio mentioned earlier, we are announcing an additional $250 million share repurchase program, which brings total 2019 capital allocated to share repurchases to $1.5 billion. This past quarter we also successfully executed a number of transactions in the debt markets through which we completed $600 million in debt reduction in order to achieve our target investment grade metrics, extended our nearest maturities and significantly reduced our interest costs. Part of our refinancing included repaying our secured term loan in its entirety using both the $600 million in cash with the balance funded with the new secured notes. These new secured notes contain fall-away covenants which automatically release the collateral, making the notes unsecured upon NRG receiving investment grade ratings from two ratings agencies. This covenant feature allows us a clear path to ensure the profile of our balance sheet aligns with that of investment grade without the need for additional refinancings in order to do so. Our refinancing and debt reduction activities this past quarter in total will also result in over $25 million in annual interest savings.  And turning to Slide 10 for an update on capital allocation. With our refinancing activities during the second quarter, we have completed the allocation of 2019 capital toward improving our balance sheet, enabling the achievement of our targeted investment grade metrics and further improving our overall maturity profile. Our new $250 million share repurchase program announced today brings total capital allocated to return of shareholder capital to over $1.5 billion in 2019 or more than 50% of 2019’s excess capital returned to shareholders.  On August 1st we close the Stream Energy retail transaction which including transaction costs and working capital adjustments totaled $325 million. With the closing Stream and our new $250 million share repurchase program, based on the midpoint of our reaffirmed guidance, we expect approximately $250 million in 2019 capital remained to be allocated as we generate the remainder of our free cash flow over the balance of the year.  As Mauricio mentioned earlier, during the third quarter, we now expect to finalize the contractually required one-time leverage test for our Petra Nova project which provides a formula for press-forward payment in the event the debt service ratio falls below defined minimum threshold. Having successfully extended the deadline for this one-time test originally scheduled for 2018, as the operator of the oilfield had taken steps to improve production, our expectation was the extended timeline would allow time for the ratio to exceed the threshold and avoid a delay in repayment.  As the year progressed, despite the production improvement initiatives, oilfield production continued to lag expectations. And based on our latest discussions with the lenders and the updated reserve forecast they provide, we are now unable to further extend the deadline to allow more time for improvement and expect that this test will result in NRG being required to fund our 50% share of the required prepayment in the third quarter.  Although the exact prepayment amount is not yet finalized, NRG’s obligation could be up to $124 million or 50% of the project’s debt. As a result, up to $124 million of our remaining excess capital is now reserved to fund this obligation during the third quarter. Following prepayment of the Petra Nova debt which is not consolidated on NRG’s balance sheet, the guarantee supporting contingent prepayment obligation has been eliminated and any remaining debt is non-recourse to NRG.  Finally, turning to Slide 11, with our targeted deleveraging now complete, NRG’s total debt is now under $6 billion or approximately $5.4 billion net of our -- of only our target $500 million minimum cash balance. That of course assumes that all capital is fully allocated.  Based on the midpoint of our 2019, EBITDA guidance displaces us at the midpoint of our targeted investment grade credit metric range or 2.625 times net debt-to-EBITDA. Including our full year’s run rate EBITDA contribution from the Stream Energy acquisition, this ratio reaches the lower ratio of our investment grade metric range or approximately 2.5 times, placing us in even stronger balance sheet position as we move into 2020.  And I’ll turn it back to you Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Turning to Slide 13, I want to provide you a few closing thoughts. During the quarter we made significant progress on our priorities of perfecting our platform, maintaining a sector appropriate capital structure and disciplined capital allocation.  Today, I'm pleased with the conclusion of our nearly four year chapter of strengthening our balance sheet. I want to thank Kirk and the entire team for their relentless discipline in getting us to a best-in-industry investment grade balance sheet.  The financial flexibility that we enjoy today enabled us to further perfect our platform for the recent acquisition of Stream Energy, pursue our capital-light PPA strategy, and take advantage of the current [dislocated] stock price through incremental share repurchases. NRG is clearly stronger than it has ever been. We now have the stability and financial flexibility to thrive and take advantage of opportunities through all market cycles.  So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Lateef, we're now ready to open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : I wanted to first ask you about the solar PPA announcements. That’s certainly very interesting strategic decision here. How are you thinking about scaling these commitments over time, both with respect to PPAs rather than necessarily owning assets outright? And then secondly, probably relatively more critically, how do you think about this shifting your perspectives on further build out of solar in Texas? Certainly we hear a variety of different viewpoints out there. You are not necessarily using your balance sheet obviously, but you are seeing other developers pivot. How do you think about that and the state of the portfolio you have?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, first of all, I am very pleased with the execution of this capital-light strategy. Kudos to the origination team. As we’ve disclosed today, we closed on 1.3 gigawatts. That’s a good progress. But what I can tell you is that we continue to be in the market executing on additional volumes. Our goal is to complement the existing Generation portfolio that we have to better match our Retail load. So when you think about how much more you need to think about the Retail load as the guideline on how much we're going to complement more our Generation portfolio either through solar PPAs or other efficient ways of acquiring I guess length or Generation.  Now we respect to the solar, the second question that you had around the solar view, what we wanted to do is to illustrate, if we were to maintain a 10% to12% reserve margin which we think is the minimal to have reliable operations over the long-term, we wanted to put it in the context of how much solar you will need. And as you can see, it’s a pretty significant number over 17 gigawatts, including solar and wind. I can't tell you whether it’s going to be one or the other or if the pricing in those will change that will make thermal generation or conventional generation being built. What I can tell you is that ERCOT needs a lot of generation. It needs a lot of investment. And even the number that we’re providing you are only sufficient to maintain a -- the current load reserve margin that we have. I think that’s the main point that we were making. Obviously the implication of that is we expect the ERCOT market to continue to be robust over the foreseeable future, but more importantly to be pretty volatile. And we know that our business does well when we have both lot of volatility and perhaps less of other robustness because we have really reduced our exposure to market by balancing our Generation and Retail businesses.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : And then if could just follow up here real quickly. Strategically, we've seen some comments from your peers of late about their views about the depressed market environment and valuations. Anything comparable that you would offer at this point, I mean just with respect to your differing business models and take private scenarios et cetera. Just any commentary there?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, that’s a lot of questions in one question Julien so let me see if I can just touch that. The integrated model or our view on how we are positioning our company given the market trends that we’re all serving today, and I'm glad you’re asking that because I do believe that we actually have a very unique and differentiated platform. As I mentioned to you our goal is to better balance our generation in our retail businesses. I mean these are two complementary and counter-cyclical business. So to the extent that we match them better they may become even more complementary on a relative basis.  Now when I say better balance, it also brings other benefits. We can actually increase the matching internally between our Generation and Retail which maximizes the synergies that we have talked about now for 10 years, collateral synergies friction cost synergies. To the extent that we better match those two, we reduced our exposure to the market. I mean we will continue to interact with the market but we don’t necessarily have to if it’s perfectly matched, which makes our platform a lot more stable which is one of the goals that we’re trying to achieve with this new integrated platform, stable and predictable earnings.  If you look at the better balance, we have, as I said, more complementary and it’s important on a relative basis. So if you think about where we were let’s say five years ago when our Generation business was outsized from our Retail business, we actually got excess generation and that excess generation was exposed to wholesale power prices. Now we have reduced that significantly. I'm not saying that’s good or bad, all I'm saying is that that’s not the model that we’re pursuing. We’re pursuing a model that is a lot more balanced than it has ever been. Now from a dynamics standpoint, when you have a more integrated portfolio like we do in a rising commodity price environment, obviously our Generation margins will increase and our Retail margins will slightly decrease. And when the commodity prices are declining, the opposite happens. Our Generation margins decreased and our Retail margins increase. What I can tell you is that we actually have a lot more degrees of freedom in terms of how much of the wholesale price increases or decreases we can actually pass to our customers.  We know having been in the business now for over 10 years with empirical data that consumers, that the wholesale price is only one factor that consumers take into consideration but it is not the only factor. If that was the case, we would not have seen the growth that we have experienced in any of the premium brands that right now exists in the market. So I mean I hope that, that at least provides you a -- I guess perhaps a slightly different perspective on how I think about how we’re repositioning the company going forward. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. 
Greg Gordon : A couple of blocking and tackling questions first. When I look at slide -- in the back of the slide deck, Slide 33, your guidance for cash flow from operations and free cash flow before growth is unchanged and it has $95 million working capital assumption for the year. But in the quarter, there was a fairly large working -- collateral postings on Slide 35, it says 246. So is that basically expected to reverse out over the year, can you give us some -- and full year guidance is still okay? 
Kirk Andrews: Greg, it’s Kirk. That’s correct. I mean typically speaking we're in the sort of middle of our collateral or liquidity intensive period. There is always the cases we come through the summer and enter into the fall that’s when we tend to get that collateral back from those postings or hedgings that are more acute in summer and obviously moving, so the power price effect that. So short answer is yes. And the only other change to it that in know of because obviously we adjusted the interest payments a little down to reflect partially -- or impact some of the refinancing we did and we have a slight uptick in not really working capital but changes in other assets and liabilities over the course of the year, some of that has to do with the asbestos settlement. So that’s the other reason for a little bit of the changes between the lines EBITDA and adjusted cash from operations. But obviously we don’t expect that to have an impact on the bottom-line on free cash flow before growth and we do expect the collateral to return and we're in line with our year’s expectations on cash flow.
Greg Gordon : And Mauricio when I look at Slide 15 and the realized cost savings, margin, working capital improvements et cetera on the slow card, you didn’t have anything in the script with regard to your feelings on being able to hit those targets but should we assume that to be full on track to hit those targets in ‘19 and ‘20?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, absolutely, I -- we have something on the priorities but I’m very comfortable hitting our cost savings targets by the end of the year, margins enhancement this year and next year. So everything is on track.
Greg Gordon : And then when we talk about these -- the potential for up to a $124 million turnover reserve guarantee. It's obviously - it’s in the 10-K, it's been in the 10-K but probably still surprises some people. What is going to -- you said that there is a proscribed calculation, is it certainty that you will have to post for $124 million or there is sort of sliding scale of potential payments you have to make inside of range so to speak? And then is it should be our expectation that whatever the remaining cap is net of that obligation that you will allocate on a Q3 call?
Kirk Andrews: It’s Kirk. I think as Mauricio said we will update our plans for our excess capital for you on the third quarter to answer your questions. Yes, as to the 124 million that is the maximum amount that is not necessarily the expectation, it is dependent on the finalization of that calculation but as I indicated once that calculation is made and that payment amount is set which we do expect to happen in the third quarter, the obligation falls away. The one time test is a one-time guarantee and any remaining that is not recourse to NRG. So in short what I would say is we expect to make a payment, which I’d tell you exactly what that payment is except to say it is absolutely limited to the amount of our guarantee which is that $124 million. 
Greg Gordon : My last question Mauricio sort of a different question along lines of the solar contracts that you’ve entered into the -- fundamentally as you think about managing the business you talk about really what you’re trying to do is manage the spread between your cost of goods sold which is your fleet in your contracts and your revenue line which now has sort of fundamentally matched Retail. Are these -- is this sort of strategy fundamentally reducing your run rate costs of goods sold in the marketplace? And is it one of the reasons why amongst other things you’re confident that your EBITDA and free cash flow profile is sustainable over time? Can you talk about what that does in terms of offsetting people’s concerns that perhaps over time Retail margins might -- if retail revenues come down, if your cost of goods sold stays static and therefore margins would come under pressure. I think what you’re telling us is that you can manage the numerator and the denominator for the time and that’s why you’re confident that you’ve actually perfected the model?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes I mean that’s exactly the goal of the strategy. I mean when we look at our total Generation portfolio our goal is to reduce as you said the cost of goods sold which now becomes our cost of Generation. And I will tell you that we have executed some of these PPAs at very attractive levels compared particularly to the market. I mean we are in the process right now of executing in the market and depending on the location because all of these PPAs are spread out depending on where we have the load. So they have very different pricing. Also the tenure is different. I mean on average it’s ten years but some of them are a little longer than that, some of them are little shorter than that. And the impact of these PPAs will come in full earnings some time in 2021. I can’t give you any more details in terms of where we have entered into these PPAs because obviously we’re still in the market. But what I can tell you just from a order of magnitude, so far we have reduced our -- basically our cost of goods sold which translates into EBITDA, let’s say about 2% of our EBITDA. So I mean that at least gives you some order of magnitude in terms of what to expect. And as you said as we lower our cost of production we have a lot more degrees of freedom in terms of the way we maintain the savings that we have or the cost comparisons that we have that we pass it to our customers to gain market share.  But then I mean it creates a lot more optionality for us. And just keep in mind that this notion that if wholesale prices will decrease they will decrease our margins, it assumes that we basically will do nothing. We’ll do nothing to change the cost structure and the repositioning of our company. And I have to remind everybody that starting in 2020 we have basically full financial flexibility. We don’t have to wait, one or two or three years.  Starting in -- even this year we have financial flexibility but it will -- so if you think about our stable platform this year we produced between $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion, by the time 2021 we are all seen. I mean we're going to have over $2.5 billion that we can deploy to continue perfecting our platform. So I think it's important to put it in context the position that we have put ourselves in place. We are done with our deleveraging and our strengthening of our balance sheet program. And now we have this full financial flexibility to allocate into perfecting our model and returning capital to shareholders which I think is incredibly important as a stable cash flow business that we have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Your line is open. 
Angie Storozynski : So I have only one question. So given what you’ve just said right that you have plenty of levers to react to lower power prices, can you tell us if you can largely or fully mitigate the backwardation and the impact of the backwardation in forward power curves on your EBITDA or free cash flow i.e. there isn't -- basic initiative of your earnings is not similar to the one that we see currently in ERCOT power curves?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Angie what I can tell you unequivocally is that we have created a platform that is sustainable and predictable. What mean sustainable and predictable is, year-in, year-out we're going to produce the excess cash that we produce today. Now we're going to have this incredible financial flexibility that we have afforded ourselves to have to increment that all. So the value proposition that we have today is to have a stable cash flow business that grows at a 2% to 4% a year with an investment grade balance sheet and significant excess cash to grow the business in an accretive way and to return capital -- meaningful capital to shareholders. We think that combination of those three things will eventually change and we raise the valuation of stock which if I’m not mistaken right now is somewhere in the mid-teens to high-teens free cash flow yield. We don’t believe that business that I describe to you today should be there. And if it gets re-rated closer to where we think should be, then our stock price will be much, much higher than it is today. Obviously, we also appreciate that this is the first year that we are showing the benefits of this platform. 2018 was a good test, we had a very volatile summer. 2019 is very important because it continues to demonstrate that our platform performs and there are a lot of different pricing scenarios. So now it is up to all that, if this continues to happen and we’ve taken care of our balance sheet and we can demonstrate that to our shareholders and to rating agencies then we're on the path to re-rate the stock. 
Angie Storozynski : And just one last question. I was definitely the one surprised by the Petra Nova mention. Is there any other legacy business that might have any types of cash flow implications like I don’t know, even call it something else to whether there is type of guarantee?
Kirk Andrews: It’s Kirk, no, the two remains are legacies. In addition Agua Caliente that we have obviously minority stake with remainder being owned by clearly formerly yield and the balance with Midwest Generation. That debt is non-recourse top NRG so there are no financial guarantees. This Petra Nova leverage test is a product that’s unique if go through Petra Nova. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Your question please. 
Shahriar Pourreza: First just on the IG status. Can you maybe just elaborate a bit further on how the conversations are going with the agencies? And obviously outside of presenting very healthy metrics today, can you just get the agencies to look after philosophical issues about having an IG related IPP, are you still trying to gain confidence on the retail business and as you’re thinking about timing or we think in the back half of 2020?
Kirk Andrews: Shahriar, I’d answer the last part of your question, I think that’s probably the realistic case. Back half of 2020 is probably the early timeline in fact of when we would expect that movement to make. Obviously on an unsecured basis we’re two notches away from the minimum threshold of the investment grade that being triple B minus, that’s not say that’s our aspiration that’s sort of the inflection point between sub-investment grade and investment grade. But I think on that timeline is probably reasonable. Certainly between now and then we need to see at least one notch uptick could be at least then one notch away. And I think in much the same way is that although we’re more frustrated with the reaction in stock pricing, we’ve obviously got to demonstrate that to our equity investors. The mandate still holds on the other side of the equation with the rating agencies. I think delivering the numbers that we’ve now reaffirmed for this year which confirms that notwithstanding the sell off that probably represents some of the prices that happens our ability to do so, we are able to do so. So delivering on that this year continuing to execute.  And the background as I’ve mentioned you this before we’ve been very pleased with the level of dialogue with rating agencies. I think they’ve dug in to understand to their credit Retail business in particular a lot more. So I think the progression of the dialogue and their perspectives on Retail and understanding how we operate the model and how Retail truly operates in tandem with Generation has been constructive and productive.  And it’s up to us to continue to execute which we have confidence to do so. But it will take probably that amount of time in order to get those two notches behind us on our way to the base. 
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just lastly on this token dividend, you guys still keep it. At what point do you make a decision to either grow it or remove it completely?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, well, when you think about capital allocation because I mean that’s really -- I think your question Shahriar how we think about capital allocation going forward and what I will tell you is that we have no changes neither on our philosophy on the principal that we have provided to all of you. I think the only thing that has changed is the fact that we have completed one of our priorities which is achieve an investment grade balance sheet. That’s basically not out of the way. What that means is that we have all the excess cash that we will generate it will be to perfect our model or return capital to shareholders. Like I said Shahriar, I do believe that a business that is stable and growing a lot of excess cash needs to provide -- needs to return a meaningful part of that to the shareholders. Today that’s one of the most efficient ways to do is through share buybacks. I think we speak 250 million incremental share buyback that we announced today, to take advantage of what I believe is an undervaluation of our stock without any changes to the fundamental drivers -- value drivers of our business. Now as we go into 2020, obviously, we're going to evaluate all the other different options, I don’t know what the market is going to -- where it’s going to be at the end of the year, I’m going to evaluate all that. What I will tell you is that our goal is to re-rate the stock to its fundamental value and we're going to evaluate all options that we have available to us to ensure that we do that. 
Shahriar Pourreza: And just Mauricio one last on capital allocation. I just want to confirm because obviously certain retailers have hit the block right now that your -- from a capital allocation standpoint you are sort of out of the market and you're not looking at further inorganic retail acquisitions?
Mauricio Gutierrez: That we are out of the market? 
Shahriar Pourreza: Right, so are you looking at additional retail acquisitions similar to Stream or you’re sort of out of the market?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean I don’t comment on M&A either specific processes or anything. What I will tell you is that, when I think about inorganic growth I will always adhere to the capital allocation principle that we have outlined for all of you. We have to meet the threshold -- the financial threshold that we have and they have to be a better investment than investing in our own stock. I have said before that while we have rebalanced our portfolio pretty good the past couple of years, we can still perfect that platform. In Texas our Retail is a little bit bigger than our Generation and in the East our Generation than bigger than our Retail.  So we're executing on our capital-light strategy in Texas to rebalance our portfolio. We acquired Stream to rebalance our Retail and we're going to continue to look at all the opportunities. I mean that is the -- I guess the benefit that we have afforded ourselves with the financial flexibility that we have today. We can be opportunistic about when to do it. But obviously where the stock price is today, the bar is a little bit higher than it was not too long ago when our stock price was started to reflect the fundamental value of our business. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Your question please. 
Praful Mehta : Thanks again for all the color on the business model, it was very helpful. I guess just following up a little bit on that. Slide 20, you have the wholesale gross margins which clearly have come down a little bit from Q1 given the drop in the power prices. But I’m assuming as you talked about in your business model points that some of this drop in the wholesale gross margin will be made up for on the Retail side in 2020. Is that a fair way to think about how we should look at Slide 20 today? 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes I think the way you need to think about ERCOT is an integrated model. So while we only give you one side of leg, the Generation, we haven’t provided you the Retail sensitivity to it. And to be candid, I mean that’s being up -- is on -- is up to us to improve our disclosures.  What I think about our business? I don’t think about it as two completely separate businesses, one Generation, one Retail. Our disclosures have been really good on Generation. I think where we need to do our better job is to enhance our disclosures to capture the integration of our business because when I think about how do we manage our business, I think about it as an integrated business where the gross margin, the combined gross margin is what matters. I care less about where it comes from, whether it’s Generation or Retail, I care about delivering the total gross margin year-in and year-out.  I mean various other puts and takes. I mean in the Northeast you have capacity a little bit lower and -- but that’s being offset by margin enhancement and then we have the impact of Stream. I mean my point here is, you cannot look at our business just on a static basis, with the amount of the financial flexibility we have to improve it. It’s like saying that we’re not going to do anything but we have all this excess cash available to deploy in the most meaningful way that creates value for our shareholders.  So yes, I'm very comfortable with our platform in 2020 and beyond. And as I said our goal is to provide stable earnings, stable excess cash with a modest growth. That’s our goal. 
Praful Mehta : Yes, now that additional disclosure on the Retail side would be super helpful to kind of complement the points you made on the business model. I guess moving on to the PPA side for solar, I guess it’s a little different from your perspective because you obviously have the option to sign more solar PPAs at pretty low prices which is helpful for your Retail. But then you’re bringing in a lot more Generation at pretty low pricing but you’re kind of drawing more solar into the market. How do you balance that, does it a benefit from your perspective as you said to have volatility so just bringing in a lot of solar generation by offering them PPAs may not be the right solution from a holistic business perspective?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I -- you may say it may not be, I think it is. And the reason why is -- we have a very valuable franchise in ERCOT. And we want to make sure that the competitive market continues to work and work well in the state. We need so much capacity to even maintain this current reserve margin. It really doesn’t matter if we bring 10 or 15 gigawatts of renewables. You’re going to continue to have tight reserve margins, which is not going to affect the scarcity conditions in the system. I mean all this is not going to be affected if you basically keep your reserve margin at 8%, 9%. That other is administratively set. So I actually think that if the competitive market works well, it’s going to provide a right price signal and the cheapest technology is the one that is going to get built, the cheapest technology to meet the needs of the system. And if that happens whether it’s solar wind or conventional with high ramping capacity, we think that that’s going to require some time. And that’s why I say for the foreseeable future ERCOT, I expect really tight conditions with strong prices and tremendous amount of volatility, Chris, is there anything that you want to add?
Chris Moser: No, I was just going to point out that we’ve seen ORDC has really been doing its job since the commission tweaked it earlier this year, it’s been a noticeable difference in pricing, whether it was like a $4.50 adder for this mild July that we had which compares to like a $5 adder, last year when July was smoking hot. Over the last couple of days where we’ve seen $100 to $200 tagged on in these hot days of August, ORDC just like Mauricio said, just doesn't need costly marginal cost units -- unit to impact, it’s administratively set. And to the extent that you could build almost 20 gigs of renewables and that you need to do that just to stay flat in terms of reserve margin, yes, I’m not too worried about it. And don’t forget that there is another quarter turn of ORDC coming next March too, so I think we should be okay for a while.
Praful Mehta : All great points. And then just finally clearly you guys are executing on the business model and the market I agree needs time to understand and fully see the execution off the business model. But if at some point you don't see the stock price perform and you're hearing and you're still having the same conversation, is there a point when you look at go private as a transaction that’s possible or is that something that's not on the table at this point? 
Mauricio Gutierrez: I am sorry, the going private? 
Kirk Andrews: The market doesn’t. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean right now our focus is on executing that strategy that we have. As I already mentioned to you Praful I mean we believe that this is a very compelling value proposition. I also recognize that this is a new business model for the competitive power sector. I rather no longer refer us as IPP but as an IPC we're truly now an integrated power company. And so to the extent that we continue to demonstrate the viability and the stability of this platform, not just to our shareholders but also to rating agencies. I think that there is an opportunity to re-rate the stock. But obviously if that doesn’t happen, once we feel that we kind of exhausted all our efforts to demonstrate the stability of our business, then we will explore all options to maximize the value of our shareholders. So I mean that’s something we just have to do. But I don’t think that time yet, I mean we only have provided -- we’ve proven this technology for two years, 2018 very successfully, 2019 we're on track to deliver very successfully. So recognizing that I think we need to give ourselves some time and we need to give our shareholders and the rating agencies some time to digest this strategic shift. And when we feel that we have given enough time and the market is not responding which I’m still hopeful that it will and I’m convinced that it will because we have a very strong value proposition, then we will evaluate something else. But right now all our focus, a 100% our focus is on executing this strategy. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’d like to turn the call back over to the CEO of NRG Energy, Inc. Mauricio Gutierrez for any closing remarks. Sir?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. Well it was as always good to give you an update. Thank you for the questions and for your interest in NRG and look forward to talking to you in the near future. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc’s. First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Danielle. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy’s first quarter 2019 earnings call. This morning’s call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today’s presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today’s presentation. And with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG’s President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I’m joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail Mass Business; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. I’d like to start the call by highlighting the key messages for the first quarter on Slide 3. First, our business performed well during the quarter and in line with expectations, demonstrating the value of our integrated platform. We’re also reaffirming our 2019 guidance ranges. Second, our integrated business is well-positioned for summer operations and the fundamentals in our core markets are getting stronger. Finally, we are on track to achieve our 2019 capital allocation goals, complete our current $1 billion share repurchase program, achieve our new credit metrics by year-end and provide you clarity on the remaining $872 million of excess cash by the third quarter earnings call. Moving to Slide 4, I want to review the financial and operational results for the quarter. We achieved top quartile safety performance and delivered $333 million of adjusted EBITDA. On the right-hand side of the slide, we have provided our EBITDA on a same-store basis, due to the changes we’ve had in our generation portfolio, either through asset divestitures, retirements or deconsolidations. Our EBITDA increased by 15% from the same period last year, driven primarily by cost savings, higher realized power prices, partially offset by increases in retail supply costs. It is important to note that the distribution of our earnings has also changed with the third quarter now responsible for a larger percentage of earnings. Recognizing all of these changes, Kirk will provide additional details on the quarterly results in his section. We continue to make progress on our cost savings and margin enhancement targets. I’m pleased to report that during the first quarter, we achieved $20 million of margin enhancement and that all transformation plan targets remain on track. We also completed $500 million of our current $1 billion share buyback program during the quarter, repurchasing over 4% of our market cap at an average price of $42.21 per share. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders and plan to complete the remainder of the current $1 billion share repurchase program in 2019. Finally, we are getting ready for summer operations with an expanded spring outage program on our generation fleet and the activation of our summer readiness program across the company. These measures are taken to ensure NRG is able to provide safe and reliable performance during the summer months. Now turning to our market update on Slide 5. Starting with ERCOT, the supply demand balance remains the tightest it has ever been, following some plant retirements and sustained low growth. The chart in the upper left, which we first introduced on the fourth quarter call, shows how future reserve margins are dependent on new builds, particularly wind and solar. A closer look at this new capacity for 2020 and 2021 is in the table below. It highlights the lack of viable new builds necessary to keep pace with ERCOT’s 2% annual demand growth. We see limited wind developed, given transmission constraints and a few large gas projects remaining in the CDR have already been delayed by an average of four years. We do, however, expect the majority of solar to be completed as purchased power agreements are executed, but remain skeptical of significant merchant developments given the economics. Both the PUCT and ERCOT understand the situation and have taken steps to improve the energy-only market to better reflect the scarcity conditions in the system. We believe these changes will have an impact on forward prices, eventually helping justify the long-term investments necessary to increase the reliability of the system in the long run. On the right-side of the slide, we highlight our readiness for this summer and the steps we have taken to further strengthen our integrated portfolio. Starting with Retail. We are proactively educating our residential and business customers and providing them with options and tools to manage higher energy bills. We’re also providing energy conservation alerts and enhanced demand management options. Moving to Generation. As part of our summer readiness program, we are planning to return to service our Gregory plant, which has been offline since the fall of 2016, due to the bankruptcy the esteemed host. This is a 385 megawatt of combined cycle capacity that provides additional reliability to the ERCOT system ahead of the summer. Last, while our platform today is best positioned to provide more predictable results relative to pure retailers or wholesale generators, we continue to take prudent steps to further enhance our ERCOT business. Given our scalable platform and track record of integrating new businesses, the expected higher volatility in the market creates an opportunity to acquire small to medium-sized customers books and platforms to add value. And as I discussed last quarter, our Generation or supply business must grow with retail. We are well underway in executing our PPA strategy to complement our physical assets. This strategy allows us to better serve our customers, improves our position management and it is capital-light. I will provide you a more comprehensive update on the next earnings call. Now moving to the East markets on Slide 6, the focus remains on regulatory changes. Since our fourth quarter call, FERC has directed PJM and NYISO to implement tariff changes for fast start resources. This allows a whole new class of assets to set price. I mean, this is a clear positive for energy price formation in the East. PJM has also announced its intent to run the 2022, 2023 capacity auction in August under the existing market rules. The timeline for FERC action remains uncertain, but we remain confident that FERC will protect the integrity of competitive markets. We continue to view a strong MOPR of the simplest and most effective way to reduce the harmful impact of nuclear subsidies in the market. In ISO New England, a proposal has been put forth that would compensate generators for fuel scarcity. We continue to believe these changes are positive for fuel security reforms overall. However, reform is coming too slowly and the current ISO New England fuel security proposal pending at FERC is insufficient. We look forward to working with the ISO on this matter. Moving to the right-side of the slide, we highlight the strength and diversification of our Northeast portfolio. Our existing portfolio is primarily large capacity and fuel-resilient generation located in key load centers and provides a solid foundation for continued growth of our retail business in the region. While the regulatory activities in the region provide some uncertainty, we’re optimistic about these regulatory outcomes and more importantly, believe our integrated [Technical Difficulty] well-suited to succeeding the region. With that, I’ll turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. Starting with the summary of financial results you find on Slide 8, consolidated first quarter EBITDA was $333 million, with $153 million from Retail and $180 million from Generation. The bar charts in the center of the slide provide a walk from our first quarter 2018 consolidated EBITDA to this quarter’s results. Starting on the left-side of this chart, we start with first quarter 2018 consolidated adjusted EBITDA of $336 million. Next, in order to arrive in an appropriate basis for comparison to 2019, we eliminate the impact of asset sales, retirements and deconsolidations from our first quarter 2018 results. The total EBITDA impact of these items is $47 million and is comprised of four elements. One, Ivanpah and Agua Caliente, which were fully consolidated in our first quarter 2018 results before circumstances required to change in accounting later in 2018 to equity method; second, BETM, which was included in our first quarter 2018 results, but was sold later in the year; third, the pro forma impact of the Cottonwood lease, which began in early 2019 following the sale of the South Central Portfolio; and finally, EBITDA from the Encina facility, which was retired when the Carlsbad plant was brought online at the end of 2018 and sold to Clearway. Deducting the $47 million impact of these items from first quarter 2018 results provides a baseline for comparison to our reported results for this quarter. From this new baseline, we address the quarter-to-quarter changes starting with three elements related to the Transformation Plan initiatives. First, we incurred $15 million in incremental SG&A expense related to margin enhancement programs, we expect to begin to produce results later in 2019. Next, we realized $20 million in EBITDA from our margin enhancement programs during the first quarter; and third, having delivered $80 million in Transformation Plan cost savings in the first quarter of 2018, we realized $130 million in savings this quarter or an incremental increase in savings of $51 million. Turning to Retail. Non-transformation Plan retail results for the quarter were $58 million lower, primarily due to increased supply cost and more favorable weather in the first quarter of 2018, which were partially offset by EBITDA from the XOOM acquisition. Finally, Generation results for the quarter were $46 million higher, primarily due to higher realized prices during the quarter. Both the higher retail supply costs and higher realized prices in Generation are in part the result of intersegment power sales between Generation and Retail, which are typically based on average annual power prices. As power prices in ERCOT have become increasingly seasonal with lower prices during the shorter periods, such as the first quarter and higher prices during the summer, the resulting annual average price implies a premium to observe pricing in the shoulder periods and a discount to pricing seen in the summer. The annual supply costs for Retail and annual revenues from Generation, which result from these intercompany sales based on average annual prices, will be no different than if those intercompany transactions were executed based on quarterly or seasonal pricing, since these prices form the basis for the annual average price used. As our consolidated results of $333 million for the quarter were in line with our expectations, we’re reaffirming our 2019 guidance ranges. Turning to Slide 9. While our capital allocation plan for 2019 is unchanged from our previous update, we have now completed the first-half of our $1 billion 2019 share buyback program we announced in late February and will continue to repurchase shares to complete the balance of that program. We continue to expect $872 million of yet to be allocated excess capital in 2019, which will become available later this year as we generate the bulk of our free cash flow during the third quarter. We expect to provide an update on the intended use of that excess capital by our third quarter earnings call. Finally, we remain focused on our revised target investment-grade metrics in 2019, as shown on Slide 10, and are on track to achieve those metrics, including using up to $600 million in 2019 capital previously allocated to further reduce balance sheet debt. And with that, I’ll turn it back to you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Now turning to Slide 12, a few closing thoughts on our 2019 priorities and expectations. I’m very excited for 2019 with another year of strong execution. Our top priority is to further demonstrate the predictability of our integrated platform, achieve our new investment-grade credit metrics and deploy the nearly $900 million of remaining excess cash adhering to our transparent capital allocation principles. We also remain on track on all of our Transformation Plan targets, particularly as we continue to ramp up our margin enhancement initiatives throughout 2019. Our company today is stronger than it has ever been. And as I look to the summer and beyond, I’m confident our platform is best positioned to deliver predictable results and create significant shareholder value in the long run. So with that, I want to thank you for your interest in NRG. Danielle, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, so wanted to follow-up on a couple of quick things if you don’t mind. First, perhaps this is more of a financial detail question, on the allocation question that you just raised across the year. What does that mean for the balance of the year, specifically looking at third quarter more from a year-over-year perspective as you think about it? Should we expect more of a positive impact on 3Q than you would have otherwise expected for the Retail segment specifically this year?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, if you think about it now with the changes in our portfolio, the distribution of our earnings are now peak year for the summer months. And particularly, with the intersegment, I mean, you’re going to see an average impact of the prices. While prices have increased in Retail, I guess, power prices have increased for the entire year just given the peakiness of the summer, you’re going to see that impact in our results. Kirk?
Kirkland Andrews: Yes, I think, I agree with that on – in isolation. When it comes specifically to the impact of the intercompany transfer, the dynamic that Mauricio described is correct from a standpoint of year-over-year supply cost, specifically related to that transfer. Overall, certainly, as you know, one, the third quarter in – on a consolidated basis is increasingly, as Mauricio said, the strongest contributor by far to our results. And so overall, you may see the overall comparison on Retail and Generation in that quarter overall being similar to the directions that you see on Slide 8 for the first quarter. But within that, going back to what I said in the first place, the supply cost related to the intercompany transfer will have the opposite comparison, as you indicated. But there’s obviously a lot more than just intercompany transfer they contribute to our results. So, we certainly expect Generation to be relatively robust and just the overall EBITDA to be more significant than any other quarter of the year, it is – typically it’s in the third.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. Following back to more of the fundamental, the core business. Can you provide a little bit more of your thoughts on what the impact of full FRR would be to the Midwest Gen Portfolio. I appreciate that you’ve provided some Reg G segment specific disclosure, but it would be curious on how you think about that in financial impact and potential other plant decisions out in the four years? And then separately, Mauricio, can you elaborate very quickly on your commentary about procurement and renewal procurement, potentially later this year?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Well, let me start first with the impact of full FRR. And I’m assuming that your question is just specific about Illinois and the impact that it has in our Midwest Generation Portfolio. So, before I turn it over to Chris for additional details, let me just say that, first, you have to put it in context. I don’t think that outcome is a binary outcome, where one looses and the other one wins. We know that our Generation is needed for the common zone to maintain or to meet the expected load. With respect to the FRR, I mean, the states have always have the right to FRR completely if they wanted to. The specifics about how this time around will be done is less clear. There is a lot of a speculation whether certain units can FRR, whether the entire market needs to FRR, there’s a lot of – there are a couple of considerations there. Remember, Illinois has retail choice, so it will be very difficult to FRR the entire region. But regardless of what the path that they take, we feel very comfortable that under the status quo, we are okay. If they decide – if FERC decides to implement some sort of RCO, resource carve-out with repricing, I think, we’re better off. And if they decide to go ahead FRR, we don’t have enough information to assess what the impact would be, but it’s not zero since our units are needed. But with that, Chris, I don’t know if there’s anything else that you want to add.
Chris Moser: No, I would – Julien, this is Chris. I would echo what Mauricio said, which is the details are going to matter and which path FERC ends up taking at Illinois, ends up taking are going to matter. What I will just echo is that, hey, look, in a 25,000 megawatts zone, they still need a big chunk of our units to clear that zone and to cover the load reliably. So I know that we outlined kind of the impact of Midwest Gen, what percent it is of our earnings in earlier calls and/or presentations. And I would say, I would expect that anything – any impact would be a fraction of that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, we’ve said that in – approximately, it’s about somewhat 5% of our total EBITDA. So let’s just put it in context what the impact would be. But again, I think the important thing, this is not a binary outcome, a zero-sum game. With respect to your second question about the PPAs, we introduced our capital-light PPA strategy in the last earnings call. That team has made really good progress. We’re in the middle of executing that right now, but we’re not done yet. So where I’m going to be providing you the more specifics around the progress on that strategy by the next earnings call, because as you hope, you can appreciate, we’re in the middle of execution, and I don’t want to impair our ability to get the best value on those – on that strategy.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you, all.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Sir, your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Just looking at the math here on the cost saves, it appears to me and I just wanted to confirm this that you had $532 million achieved in 2018. And the slide deck shows you have $51 million incremental achieved in Q1. So the targets $590 are basically at $583, so that would corroborate your view that you’re pretty much on point on getting to the cost saves, right? Am I reading that correctly?
Kirkland Andrews: Yes. I think, overall, that – that’s a reasonable way to interpret in term – in terms of the uptick. That is the case with respect to certain portions of the cost savings is, they aren’t realized on a levelized basis across the year, because in some of our costs, specifically on the – especially on the O&M side are seasonal in nature. So you’ll see variability in realized cost savings quarter-over-quarter. But going back to your original observation, yes, the incremental increase is a good barometer to see the measure that we are on track towards getting to that $590 run rate in 2019, which is embedded in our guidance.
Greg Gordon: Great. And it’s a little bit difficult to suss out from your slides, where you are on a gross margin basis for the year relative to the target, because you give us now, you’re giving us 2Q 2019 through 4Q 2019 expectation of $1.025 billion on Page 19. But it’s hard to compare that with the original guidance that was given of $1.176 billion in the Q4 deck just because you didn’t give us what you actually achieved in Q1. But is it – it’s fair – is it fair to say that, you haven’t called anything out there, so that you’re still on track to hit that gross margin target?
Kirkland Andrews: Overall to that question is, yes. As I said, the quarterly results of $333 million, as I said, were in line with our expectations. And you’re right, I mean, the realized gross margin, which I think you’ll find we’ll be filing the Q later today with the details around the MD&A with a gross margin is by segment. So that when combined with the outlook over the balance of the year as you cited on 2019, would be the best way to confirm that. But overall, your overarching statement is correct. We are on track and that’s part of why we’re reaffirming the guidance today.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Last question, and this is a bit of a specular one, so I appreciate it if you delivered it and how you can answer it. If we have a super volatile summer in Texas this year, given that your book is, for the most part balanced, would it be your expectation that that’s sort of a theoretically significant upside opportunity for the company, or do you think that the opportunity to generate significantly higher wholesale margins, but that the retail performance will sort of balance that out, and you might do a little better, but you’re not really a net long in the market, right? Is it your goal to just be able to consistently deliver operating results in all types of market environments with limited volatility rather than sort of position to get a one-time benefit from a volatility event?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well that is exactly what I was about to say, Greg. Our goal in rebalancing the portfolio and integrating Generation and Retail is to be able to provide predictable earnings in a number of market conditions. So if there is an extreme scenario in Texas, let me just, I guess, provide a little bit more specificity. All our price load is hedged. So by – when we go into the summer months, you have to know that our retail exposure will be completely hedged. On the Generation side, we always carry a little bit of excess generation to manage operational risk. So to the extent that our units perform well, we’re going to have more that is exposed to the market. And if you see really high prices, we’ll benefit from that. If our units operate less, we have a buffer to be able to manage that and not be exposed to high power prices. So overall, the goal of the – the goal for us in the summer and for that matter on any season is to continue providing predictable earnings with these complementary and countercyclical businesses of Generation and Retail.
Greg Gordon: Okay. But it sounds like the way that you’ve hedged your book, a volatility event would allow you to run the assets that where you do have length at higher load factors and higher prices. And so they’re – and given that you’re hedged on the Retail side, there actually might be a modest benefit to the overall system performance?
Kirkland Andrews: Yes. Greg, I would say, modest benefit is probably the better way to think about that. And certainly, within that bandwidth of reasonable scenarios, as Mauricio said, it depends on the load that we have not yet locked in and priced, right? We have – there’s two determining factors there. One is the price to the customer of that load and we’re obviously very sensitive to that, because we’re in a business of maintaining our customer base; and two, is the supply cost you realize when you lock that in, right? Obviously, the latter of those two scenarios is going to be driven by the evolution of prices in ERCOT, which on the other side of the equation benefit Generation, but it all depends on where we lock those prices on the Retail side. So I’m painting a picture of a scenario where, yes, you’ll realize some benefit on the length on the Generation side, but some of that may be offset by supply cost in the Retail side. We said, if we decide, it is like [indiscernible] for the long run to maintain discipline in the near-term on price where Retail is concerned.
Chris Moser: And Greg, this is Chris. I would just throw out one thing that is slightly more medium-term than what happens this summer if it’s super volatile. I think in a super volatile summer, you may see some retailers that aren’t as well capitalized or hedged as us that end up shaken loose that, we do have Elizabeth and her team does a great job of buying and moving things into the book. And so that may provide an opportunity for us to grow the retail side, if we do see what you described as super volatile this summer.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And super volatile will also impact next summer or the following summer, which gives us an opportunity to increase our hedges and capture higher gross margins on our generation part of the business.
Greg Gordon: Very detailed answer, guys. Thank you. Have a great morning.
Kirkland Andrews: Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. Good talking to you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Angie.
Angie Storozynski: Good morning. On the Retail side, just wondering given the stress moves. Are you still considering third-party M&A on the Retail side? And could it be actually a larger transaction? Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Angie, I mean, as you know, we don’t comment on M&A. But we have said that we’ve come a long way on rebalancing our portfolio between Generation and Retail. I feel very good about it, but there’s always an opportunity to perfect it. I have said that before in the past. Our focus right now is, how do we grow our Retail business in the East. We have a really good platform. We have been doing it organically, very successfully. But the way I would characterize the M&A opportunities are probably smaller to medium-size and they’re limited. So we’re going to be very opportunistic and we’re going to be very judicious about where we deploy our capital on the space. And this has to be – they have to be businesses that just complement our existing platform. We already have a platform in the – in Texas. We already have a platform in the East. So this is really a tuck-in transaction for a lack of a better word. So they’re smaller and medium size.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then the second question, you mentioned the progress on your buyback plan. When can we hear about the update for the remainder of the year? How much more money you plan to dedicate to buyback?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So the remaining cash of $872 million. As you all know, we already allocated $1.6 billion, that’s mostly on returning capital to shareholders and to achieve our new credit metric investment type of metric ratios. So I will be in a position to provide that by – in the third quarter earnings call. As I said, this was kind of a unique year, because a lot of our excess cash was front-loaded given the asset sales. And now that the distribution of our earnings have become even more peak here in the summertime. We really need to wait for – the – having that excess cash, I guess, coming through the door before we can allocate it. So you should expect that from us on the third quarter earnings call anytime. So how we’re going to allocate that? We’re going to be consistent with the way we have allocated that on our capital allocation principles. We look at growth and we look at returning capital to shareholders. We have a very clear and transparent way of measuring our – the return hurdles that we have when we allocate for growth, but that’s not sufficient. They also have to be superior to the – I guess, implied return of our own shares that we believe continue to be undervalue. So I think, we’re going to be very consistent in the way that we have approach it in the past.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hi. Just a clarification on the buyback. The $500 – the $400 million that you did with the bank accelerated repurchase, do you know if all that stock actually got bought by now in the market, or is some of that still to be bought?
Kirkland Andrews: No, we know that at the quarter-end and you’ll see this when we file the Q later today. That program was still outstanding, but subsequently to the quarter-end, I think, September and mid-April. The bank completed that accelerated share repurchase program and we’ll deliver the balance of the share, so that program…
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So that’s in your average price of buying and everything that part of it?
Kirkland Andrews: Yes, that’s correct, it’s reflected.
Steve Fleishman: Yes.
Kirkland Andrews: Even at the first quarter-end event, it’s reflected in that. And I I believe on one of those pages in the press release, there’s a footnote that tells you what our shares outstanding are up to the minute and that shares outstanding reflects the complete impact of that first $500 million [indiscernible].
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just – maybe just a little more color on Texas for this summer. And just I know you brought this plant back, which you did not do last summer. So I assume that suggest it’s even tighter in your view than last summer. Just how – what’s your sense on the risk of major volatility events price spikes or things like that, just any further color for this summer?
Chris Moser: I mean, as you will know a lot more when we get to next week and they come out with the SARA and the CDR, which I think is coming out Wednesday or Thursday of next week on 8th date, that is – that will give us a look. I expect that to show probably negatives in the base case. It doesn’t, okay? But keep in mind that SARA normally doesn’t count the full use of the D.C. tied. It doesn’t count all of the ERS or the private used networks. I mean, there’s a lot of things that are above and beyond the SARA. But it’s going to look pretty bad. I mean, the seven and change reserve margin is going to be awfully tight. Going the other way, Gregory will be in there, so you’ll see a slight uptick from that. But in terms of what we’re seeing so far this summer and so far what we’ve seen this spring, we’ve had some disappointing days, where the expectations were pretty high from a hey load is pretty good and we’ve got a heck of a lot of averages and you do kind of a net load calculation and you’re like wow we’re up in the middle of 70s and prices aren’t doing much. It’s been raining down there at the drought monitor. People start to look at the drought monitor around this time of the year, and we’ll see what that shows. But it’s been relatively wet down there and looking at it. And so forward reading, it looks like we’re leaning towards El Niño, which isn’t particularly bullish. But we’ll have to see and, like I said, we’ll take a look at the SARA when it comes out. But hey, look, at 7.5 reserve margin super tight, but a lot of the other things are going are kind of trending the other direction.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Kirkland Andrews: Yes, take care.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Steve.
Operator:
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Good morning. So maybe first a detailed question on Page 33, where you have your free cash flow for the year – for the quarter. This seems to be a big working capital collateral draw, which has reduced your free cash flow before growth for the quarter. I just want to understand why the $384 million? What’s kind of driving that? And how does that trend down over time?
Kirkland Andrews: That’s basically just collateral postings related to two things. One, the components of collateral postings related to the mark-to-market on our hedges that we put in place. That collateral comes back to us, obviously, as those hedges roll off and realize is the case over the course of the year. And also to some extent, working capital receivables versus payables around the context of the Retail business. I think, this is probably the two primary components of that. I mean, if you follow the company, I know that you have. I mean, the first quarter tends to be our light quarter on a free cash flow basis. This is not unusual at all for us, because even though there’s an EBITDA distribution here, I would say, even the free cash flow is even more acutely biased towards that, kind of third quarter piece of the year.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. Thanks for that color. And then maybe a little bit on Texas, again. It sounds like while the reserve margin is tight, the other conditions, especially weather and if it’s wet, clearly, it won’t be that beneficial. But as I understand your previous comments, it sounds like most of the benefit that you expect to get out of a tight Texas is more true hedging in the forward curve and the actual event during the summer itself may not be that beneficial, because you don’t have that much Generation open. Is that a fair way to understand how you look at Texas at this point?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, I think that’s fair. If you look even at our hedging disclosures for the balance of the year, we’re 93%, 94% hedged. So, we really have – our excess generation is really going to be with an eye towards managing our operational risk. And – but if there is high prices this summer, it will definitely impact forward years, and that just gives us a really good opportunity, where our portfolio is more open. I mean, if you look at 2020, we’re only 50% hedged and 2021. So it creates an opportunity for hedging in the future and it creates – now there is a modest upside. But again, our goal is to make sure that our platform performs on a number of market conditions.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. That’s super helpful context. And then finally, just on PJM, with this fast track reform, it sounds like – I just want to get your view on has that had moved yet in terms of is it reflected in the forward curve? Do you see some bullish impact already, or do you expect to see it later down the road? How do you see this fast track reform to actually impact prices?
Chris Moser: I think it’s been – this is Chris. I think it’s been slightly muted by the change between what PJM was asking for and what FERC delivered. And also I think that there was – I think there was a little bit in the forward curve to begin with. I mean, this has been sitting there. We were expecting this to happen in September. So this has been in the forwards for this summer for a while. Will – I don’t know that it’s going to – I don’t expect the curves to run up $3 on this, would be my suggestion.
Praful Mehta: Yes, I mean, that’s exactly. We didn’t see that much move, so I just wanted to get the context, so that’s why I…
Chris Moser: I think it was mostly expected and then slightly disappointed that FERC didn’t do exactly what PJM asked, which was the two hour, instead of a one hour.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. Well, I really appreciate it, guys. Thank you.
Chris Moser: Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Praful.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question. Our final question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. An ERCOT renewable question for you, which is the Q in ERCOT for solar, I think, continues to grow. And obviously, a small percentage of what’s in the Q will likely get built. But how do you think about what – for your base case, like given how big the Q is? What you guys are assuming actually gets built when you think about what the market looks like two, three, four years from now?
Chris Moser: So the is Chris, Mike. I would look and say, I think, we probably shared this in the past that when we look at wind build in the CDR versus what we see wind delivered, it’s been in that 30% to 40% range over the past three years or so. So I would be slightly bearish even to that, because I think that Greg [ph] pretty well supplied with 22 gigs of wind already on the system and the Greg was built for far less than that. When you then talk about solar, I think that we’re going to see some solar coming. I think that Texas needs new build right now, because good load, the peak load is growing at 2,000 megawatts a year. And so we need a bunch of a – a bunch of new build and solar seems like the most likely part of it assuming they can find PPAs for that. So that’s kind of a quick, and then there’s very little gas really. I mean, I think gas is only 10% or 15% of the interconnection queue these days. And like Mauricio mentioned in his initial remarks, I mean, some of the gas that is expected in 2021 has been postponed three or four times already. So that’s a real quick snapshot on it.
Michael Lapides: Yes. And when you think about where the utility scale solar will come, am I right in thinking about it that it will be unlike the wind in West Texas, the utility scale solar has the potential to be a lot closer to the load pockets? I’m just trying to think about what – if we get several gigawatts in the next two to three years of total new installed, how you’re thinking about the impact on kind of future pricing?
Chris Moser: I think that solar sighting is going to be sprinkled across the grid. So as opposed to like a very concentrated approach out in the panhandle that we’ve seen in the wind. I think solar will speckle the landscape a lot more, so to your point, may be closer to some of the load zones. And then impact on pricing, I’ll just leave you with this thought. There’s no unit in the system that’s a $9,000 cost, right? I mean, the prices are administratively set. So whether whether the unit is zero marginal cost like solar or a $30 gas unit, it doesn’t really matter when you get to scarcity. And the – if we need a lot to get to a 10% reserve margin in 2021, and I don’t think a lot of that winds probably going to be there to do that. So I think it’s going to stay tight for a while.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Chris Moser: You’re welcome, Michael.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Michael, and thank you for your interest in NRG, and I look forward to talking to you in the next earnings call or in a roadshow if I see you before that. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude today’s program.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s program is being recorded. And now I’d like to introduce your host for today’s program, Mr. Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy’s fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings call. This morning’s call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the safe harbor in today’s presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today’s presentation. And with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG’s President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I am joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail Mass Business; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. I’d like to start the call by highlighting the three key messages for today’s presentation on Slide 3. First, we continue to demonstrate the value of integration between retail and generation by delivering strong results in 2018 and reaffirming our 2019 guidance. Second, our coal market in Texas remains the most attractive in the country. Our balance and well hedge platform along with enhanced summer readiness programs, positions us to deliver more predictable results. And third, we continue to demonstrate our discipline on capital allocation by adhering to our stated principles and our commitment to being excellent stewards of your capital. Today we’re announcing a new $1 billion share repurchase program, which will bring our total share repurchases in 2018 and 2019 to $2.5 billion. Moving to Slide 4 with the business and financial highlights. On the left hand side of this slide, you can see our 2018 scorecard. We laid out a very ambitious plan for the year and I am pleased to report that not only did we achieve our goals, but in many cases, we exceeded them. I want to recognize and commend the entire NRG team for their persistence, focus and great execution throughout the year. We achieved our best safety performance ever, our best environmental performance, deliver financial results in the upper half of our guidance and we completed $1.5 billion of share repurchases. With respect to our transformation plan, we delivered on all our goals. We exceeded our cost savings target, bringing our total savings to over 90% of our objective. We achieved our credit ratio target of 3 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA and we started to see the impact of our margin enhancement program, which will be a focus in 2019. Also earlier this month, we closed on the sale of South Central and Carlsbad. We did transactions, we have now successfully completed all identify assets sales, bringing total proceeds to $3 billion under the transformation plan. Outside of these plan, we also closed on the acquisition of XOOM Energy in the second quarter and GenOn fully emerged from bankruptcy in the fourth quarter. Finally, we hosted our Analyst Day last March, which many of you attended. We outline our long-term strategy to create significant shareholder value through perfecting our customer driven integrated power company, built on a portfolio of leading retail brands and diverse generation assets. On the right hand side of the slide, I want to provide you with a brief financial update for 2019. First, as a reflection of our confidence in the outlook for our business, we are reaffirming 2019 financial guidance and announcing the new $1 billion share repurchase program. Next, we are announcing up to $600 million, reserved for additional deleveraging to achieve investment grade metrics for our sector. Kirk, will discuss these further in his section. Turning to Slide 5. I want to give you an update on our key markets starting with ERCOT. As you all know, ERCOT’s supply/demand balance is the tightest it has been in many years. The chart on the left shows the reserve margin by year and highlights how much of that reserve is composed of existing generation and how much of it is from new generation. As you can see, it because more dependent over time on new builds, particularly on wind and solar. For example, in 2020, ERCOT projects a 10% reserve margin, 3.5% coming from existing resources and the rest coming from new wind and solar. Just to be clear, this is equivalent to nearly 14 gigawatts of new renewable capacity that needs to come online in the next 16 months. Any deviation from that will take us back to single digit reserve margins. These dynamics has led us to much higher wholesale prices in the near-term, but in the medium to long-term prices are still lagging and remain below new build economics. Making it difficult for developers to justify 20 or 30 year investments. Both the PUCT and ERCOT are aware of the situation and have taken steps to improve the energy only market to better reflect scarcity conditions in the system. We believe these changes will have an impact on forward prices, helping justify long-term investments necessary to increase the reliability of the system in the long run. Now moving to the right side of the slide. For this summer, we have further enhanced our readiness programs. I feel good about our position and the steps that we have taken to ensure our business is well-positioned for current market conditions. First, let me talk about retail. Our practice is to have a fully cash position against our price retail load. This is made up of not only internal hedges where we cross generation and retail, but also through market purchases. We’re also working proactively to educate our residential and business customers by providing them options and tools to manage higher energy bills. Specifically, we have been successful in expanding our demand response capabilities to help and manage load during peak conditions. For generation, we’re working hard during the spring outage season to ensure our units can withstand increased run times, given the expectation of high prices. We also purchased outage insurance and plan to maintain generational length to further protect the platform from real-time price volatility, unplanned outages and higher retail loads. Last, while our platform today is best position to provide more predictable results relative to pure retailers or wholesale generators. We continue to take prudence and measurable steps to further enhance our platform. For example, with the expectation of higher volatility in the market, it creates an opportunity to acquire customers at-value. And given our scalable customer acquisition engine and our track record of integrating new businesses, we will be in the lookout for these opportunities in order to grow our business and increase market share. And as our retail business grows, our generation or supply business must grow with it. We have an opportunity to compliment our physical assets, which short to medium-term contracts or PPAs that better align with our load obligations. This strategy allows us to better serve our customers, improves our position management and it is capital-light. Lastly, we continue to take opportunities to hedge the portfolio at attractive levels beyond 2019. Higher hedge prices allow us to invest in our fleet to achieve increased reliability and increase the predictability of our earnings. Now, let’s move to the East on Slide 6. Our focus remains on regulatory changes for both capacity and energy markets. In PJM, we remain confident that FERC will protect the integrity of competitive markets, while accommodating state clean energy initiatives. Although, our timeline for FERC action remains uncertain. We continue to believe a strong MOPR is the simplest and most effective way to reduce the harmful impact of nuclear subsidies on the capacity market. In New England, we are monitoring fuel security efforts. Although we maintain limited exposure to that ISO. We believe these regulatory changes are designed to improve the current status score and are positive for fuel security reforms overall. On the right side of the slide, the chart shows capacity revenues across the northeast markets. It is important to point out that we have a diversified portfolio in the northeast resulting in fairly steady revenues as you can see on the chart. As we enter 2019 with a renewed sense of purpose to bring the power of energy to people and organizations, it just seems appropriate to provide you a snapshot on our progress and just how far we’ve come along this past three years in strengthening our business, which has resulted in the remarkable financial flexibility we’re enjoying today. As you can see on Slide 7, the three areas of focus for the company to be successful in the long run were simplify and streamline our business, have an appropriate capital structure for our sector and a disciplined approach to capital allocation. First, we refocus our business on our core strengths of integrating retail and generation. We sold non-core assets or underperforming assets and we right size our generation portfolio to better match our retail business. Our business today, provides more predictable earnings as we integrate to cyclical but offsetting businesses. Second, we simplify our capital structure with the sale of NRG yield and the separation of GenOn. We also strengthen our balance sheet by deleveraging and targeting appropriate credit metrics for our sector. For 2019, our total debt will be 69% lower than it was three years ago. Finally, we have also significantly increased our financial flexibility by improving the amount of EBITDA that we convert to free cash flow. Today, close to $0.70 of every $1 are converted to free cash flow compared to only $0.25 three years ago. We are allocating these capital using a set of clear and transparent principles. As I have said in the past, there will be no surprises when it comes to capital allocation. So the bottom line is this. Our company today is a stronger than it has ever been and what gets me excited is that the best is still yet to come. We’re now a streamline cash flow machine that for the first time have the financial flexibility to create significant and sustainable shareholder value. Now let’s talk about capital allocation on Slide 8. Continuing with the then and now theme, you can see that our capital location is directly in line with our roadmap to value creation of stabilize, right size and now redefine our business. As you can see on the bar chart, in 2016 and 2017 we stabilized our business through significant deleveraging. If you recall, my first commitment to you three years ago was to leave no doubt in our balance sheet strength and that’s where we focus our excess cash. Then in 2018, we achieved our revised credit metrics of three times net debt-to-EBITDA, leaving significant excess capital available to either grow our business or return capital to our shareholders. We executed the accretive XOOM retail transaction and return just over $1.25 billion of capital to shareholders, reducing our share count by roughly 15%. Turning to 2019, I want to highlight the steps we’re taking to reposition and redefined the company for long term success. First, we’re allocating up to $600 million of the leveraging. While three times satisfies our leaving out our balance sheet objective, we believe targeting investment grade metrics have some benefits. It will lower our cost of capital, achieving through savings and further improve our equity evaluation. Again, Kirk, we’ll talk more about these in his section. But to be clear, we say up to $600 million of deleveraging, given that it can be achieve in two ways, growing EBITDA or reducing debt. Next, we are announcing a new $1 billion share repurchase program. I believe a predictable cash flow company like ours should regularly return capital to shareholders. I saw today share buybacks are the most efficient and compelling way to return capital to our shareholders, while also maintaining our current $0.12 per share dividend. Last and with about a third of our capital on committed, we will remain absolutely discipline in deploying the excess capital, adhering to our capital allocation principles as you can see them on the right side of the page. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirk Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to financial summary on Slide 10, NRG finished 2018 with $1.777 billion in adjusted EBITDA, and $1.1 billion in free cash flow before growth. In both cases, a 28% increase over 2017. Retail delivered a robust $952 million in adjusted EBITDA, $127 million improvement over last year, driven by margin enhancement, cost reduction initiatives, higher usage, the XOOM acquisition and higher demand response for megawatt sold. Generation EBITDA for 2018 was $825 million, a $261 million increase over 2017, primarily result of increased power prices in Texas and higher capacity prices in PJM. These 2018 results reflect the financial contribution from our ongoing businesses and exclude the impact of the sales of the South Central assets which closed in early February for $1 billion in gross proceeds. Under GAAP accounting, South Central is treated as discontinued operations and is therefore not part of our reported adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. The closing the South Central transaction when combined with today’s announced closing of Carlsbad for $387 million brings our total asset sale gross proceeds received under the transformation plan to approximately $3 billion. Turning to the balance sheet. Having met our 2018 debt reduction goals and achieved our target credit metrics originally announced as part of the transformation plan. We are announcing today a revision to our target balance sheet metrics for 2019 and beyond. Our new target balance sheet ranges which I’ll review in greater detail later are based on credit metrics consistent with investment grade ratings. We believe achieving these metrics will not only provide benefits to our balance sheet, but also further reinforced the stability of equity cash flows to help drive a more robust valuation metric for our stock. To ensure, we align our 2019 balance sheet metrics with these new ranges, we’re reserving up to $600 million of 2019 capital for potential debt reduction. In addition, having completed our $1.5 billion share repurchase program, which was in an average price of $36.24 a share, we’re now allocating $1 billion in 2019 capital towards our newly authorized share buyback program, which Mauricio mentioned earlier. Turning to our final report on 2018 capital allocation on Slide 11. Changes versus our last update, which are highlighted in blue, result primarily from the slight shift in timing of the receipt of these South Central proceeds into early 2019. And the release of the 2018 cash reserve which was used for credit ratio purposes. During 2018, we completed $1.25 billion of our $1.5 billion share repurchase program, while the balance of $250 million in repurchases under that program was completed in early 2019. We also received $58 million in net cash from insurance associated with the GenOn settlement, which helped offset a portion of our previously allocated settlement payments. With approximately $0.75 cents of every dollar of capital allocated in 2018 towards the return of shareholder capital or debt reduction, we ended 2018 with approximately $350 million in excess unallocated capital, which will form the basis of 2019 capital allocation. I’ll review 2019 capital allocation in greater detail in a few moments, but I’d like to turn to an update on our credit metrics including our new targets, which you’ll find on Slide 12. Looking first at 2018, you’ll see that our financial results, which reflected deconsolidation of South Central combined with our net debt balance, inclusive of the South Central proceeds, place us within our transformation plan target credit ratio of three times net debt-to-EBITDA. Turning to 2019 as indicated earlier, we are revising our target credit metrics to focus on ranges we believe are consistent with investment grade metrics. Highlighted at the bottom of the 2019 column all these revised target ranges which are 2.5 to 2.75 net debt-to-EBITDA, adjusted cash from operations to net debt of 27.5% to 32.5% and interest coverage of between 5.5 and 6.5 times. Although, we are not targeting a specific credit rating at this time, based on our current Standard & Poor’s business risk rating affair, our revised targets replaces in line with investment grade metrics. The chart at the far right of the slide helps illustrate this. As many of you know, credit rating is a function of two key variables, credit metrics, which is shown on the horizontal axis and business risk on the vertical axis. The shaded grey area represents the approximate inflection point between high yield and investment grade, based on the relationship between these two variables, our objectives here are two-fold. First, moving our balance sheet ratios from our previous target to our revised targets, placing these metrics into investment grade territory based on that business risk rating. Second, we will continue to execute in order to demonstrate the cash flow resiliency and reduced risk inherent in our integrated platform, which will position us over time to earn an improved business rating. The combination of these two should place us on a strong footing to actually move our rating solidly to investment grade in the future. In other words, should we target a rating in the future that means solid BBB. In the near term, these new metrics provide other tangible benefits. By reducing debt, we reduced cash interest, which is accretive to free cash flow dollar for dollar due to our abundant NOL balance. This, of course, also improves our conversion factor of EBITDA into free cash flow as well. In addition, by further shrinking our balance sheet, we also strengthen and further reinforced the stability of our equity cash flows, which we believe merits a more robust valuation metric or a lower free cash flow yield. Finally, we also improve our credit worthiness, which may be further enhanced by future ratings increases, making us a stronger counterparty with reduced need for credit support or collateral, as we execute on our asset-light strategy via PPAs in lieu of physical generation. As shown in the 2019 guidance column, reducing debt by an additional $600 million and the associated reduction in interest expense would place our 2019 ratios near the midpoint of these target ranges. We have reserved up to $600 million in 2019 capital to ensure we will achieve these new targets in 2019. However, as increasing EBITDA and operating cash flow is an alternative means to achieve these targets as well, the actual amount of debt reduction required maybe less than the $600 million, we have currently reserved. By way of example and hypothetical, in the event, we find a strategically consistent superior return acquisition opportunity later in the year, the 2.5 turns or so of the EBITDA multiple, we pay in such an investment would represent – that would represent what we paid in that investment rather that would not require additional capital for that first 2.5 turns of the EBITDA, but merely serve to reduce the $600 million we’ve currently reserved for debt reduction dollar for dollar. Turning to Slide 13 for an update on 2019 capital allocation having ended 2018 with $350 million in unallocated capital, we’ve since supplemented that through the receipt of approximately $1.3 billion in net cash proceeds from the closing of the South Central and Carlsbad transactions. When combined with the midpoint of our 2019 free cash flow guidance, we expect approximately $3 billion in capital available for allocation in 2019. Our capital allocation announcements today combined with previously committed allocations represent approximately $2.1 billion of 2019 capital allocated or committed. This consists primarily of $665 million in capital toward debt reduction, including up to $600 million in deleveraging to achieve our new target credit metrics and $1.25 billion in share repurchases. 2019 share repurchase capital includes both a $1 billion program we announced today, plus $250 million of repurchases already completed in 2019, which represents the remaining balance of our $1.5 billion program we announced during 2018. As shown on the far right side of the slide, we have $872 million of excess 2019 capital to be allocated, which we expect to become available over the balance of the year, particularly during the summer months, which contribute the bulk of our 2019 free cash flow. Finally, this quarter please note, we’ve included in the appendix a few revised slides for your reference, including wholesale open and effective gross margin for 2019 and 2020, as well as some new slides in the presentation summarizing regional capacity revenue. We hope these new disclosures will further enhance our understanding of the drivers of our future financial outlook. Back to you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. I have a few final remarks on our priorities for the year on Slide 15. As always, our top priority is to deliver on our financial and operational objectives. We remain focused on executing on our transformation plan initiatives, as we direct our attention to margin enhancement in 2019. Like I said earlier, our company today is stronger than it has ever been. We are now a streamlined cash flow machine that for the first time have the financial flexibility to continue perfecting our platform to make it more balance and predictable, continue strengthening our balance sheet and consistently returning capital to shareholders. With these priorities, we believe we have an opportunity to create significant shareholder value in the long term. I am very proud of our progress, and I look forward to the next phase in our journey. Thank you. And with that Jonathan, we’re ready to open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Your question, please.
Greg Gordon: Hey, good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: So obviously, the results were great and the outlook for the year is still consistent with your prior expectations. I think the overall cash available for allocation is actually higher on the margin than what most people had expected, which is also good. But can you just talk a little bit more about the decision to allocate more capital to debt reduction less, therefore, being available for further buybacks? And how you come to the conclusion that, that over time is more value accretive because I think I understand the answer, but I’d like to hear it from you guys? A - Mauricio Gutierrez Yes. So well, Greg, I mean, I’ll give you a general perspective and then I’ll let Kirk get into the specifics of why we think this is the area that represents investment grade type of metrics. And as we have done in the past, we are providing you not just our net debt-to-EBITDA, but also some of the cash flow credit metrics because, as you all know, we run this business for cash. In terms of – we outlined the benefit that we see in terms of moving towards a more robust credit metric level, I guess. One, it allows us to have access to lower cost of capital. It also reduce our interest expense. Importantly, as we move into an asset-light strategy or capital-light strategy to complement our physical assets, it makes us – it reduces the collateral that we need to post if we enter into these long-term PPAs. And I think it, ultimately, impacts the valuation of our equity. So we took all of these things into consideration to move us from where we – like I said, leaving out that level of three times that we feel very comfortable. It was appropriate with the risk profile of our business. As we have continued to evolve our business, and we can demonstrate the predictability and stability of it, then we have an opportunity to have a, I guess, a more direct impact on the valuation of our stock, when you look at all these three things in combination. It’s not just our balance sheet, but it’s also the opportunity to continue perfecting our platform and returning capital to shareholders in a consistent basis. But Kirk, in terms of specifically these ranges?
Kirk Andrews: Sure, Greg. What I would start with is really the central focus that we always have, which is, we’re focused on driving shareholder value. And you could probably list five or six, but I’m going to use three ways to drive that value. I mean, the first one is disciplined capital allocation. That’s obviously, what we’ve been focusing on. That’s how you build and maintain credibility with our owners at the end of the day. And we, obviously, plan to continue demonstrating that in 2019 and beyond. But more tangibly to state the bloody obvious, certainly, you can increase value by increasing earnings, growing the earnings, growing accretively, growing inorganically. That’s what we’re focused on doing. But we’re also mindful of the fact that if you can drive the basis on which the stock is valued at the same time, you’re driving value in two ways, right? And that helps kind of supercharge the value opportunity you have. Part of the reason, why we’re buying back stock today is, we see it as a compelling investment. It’s a compelling investment just based on traditional valuation metrics in the sector. We believe, we’ve driven the risk profile of this business down, which should command a sea change in how that reduced business profile is reflected in a more robust valuation metric, as I said before. One of the ways, I think that it is a probable to do that is to derisk further the financial side of the balance sheet and that’s obviously reducing the debt. We’ve taken a look at different free cash flow yields in correlations with different levels of leverage and credit ratings, and there is some pretty compelling evidence across various sectors that basically indicated a strong correlation between those two. And so if we can be successful in driving those metrics down and ultimately, driving that rating up, we believe that’s likely to drive more non-traditional investors in the stock, who are more used to investing in companies with more robust balance sheet. And when we combine that with the continued demonstration, as I said the resilience of our free cash flow, that’s the best means to get that second punch, if you will to drive the stock up. First part is growing the EBITDA, the second driving the metric at which is valued. And that results – a strange way to answer a balance sheet question with the equity side of the equation, we’re talking about deleveraging, I’m happy to talk a little bit more about ratings or interest savings or things like that, but I think that’s probably the leading basis on which we’re looking at this change in our value – rather in our credit metrics.
Greg Gordon: Yes. That makes sense to me. I mean, you’re trading in an equity free cash flow yield approaching 14% and an unlevered free cash flow yield to the EV that’s still close to 12%. And so just getting a couple of 100 basis points improvement in your free cash flow yield is like another $10 to $15 upside in the share price. So I – that resonates with me. Thank you. I’ll
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Greg. You got it, Greg. You got it.
Greg Gordon: There is lot of questions probably beyond that. So I’ll jump off and go to the back at the queue.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Macquarie. Your question, please.
Angie Storozynski: Good morning, guys. So I have a question about your retail growth, both the margin expansion on the organic basis and M&A. So give us a sense, where you are tracking versus those margin expansion targets that you gave us at the Analyst Day? And also, given that your peer has just announced a major acquisition or big acquisition, how – and if I understand it correctly, you’re suggesting that you could actually have an M&A in the Retail business as well. How should we think about the whole retail component of your EBITDA going forward? Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Good morning, Angie. I think you laid out the question well. The way we think about our growth in retail is twofold. One, organic. And we’ve had a lot of success, particularly in the East, but also in Texas of growing our business organically. We’re targeting anywhere between 2% and 4% annual growth on our business. And then the second one is through M&A. And in the past, we’ve said that when you look at our business, although we have made significant strides on rebalancing and rightsizing our portfolio. In the East, our generation business is bigger than our retail. So we’ve been focusing, in trying to grow our retail business in the East. We believe that perhaps the most actionable opportunity today is on the retail side. We’ve been very, very disciplined in terms of our capital allocation. We have established platform. So for the most part, we’re looking at acquisitions that or opportunities that complement that existing platform. When we think that we can expand the platform like we did in – with XOOM last year that allows us to enter into the multi-level marketing, we will do that. But our focus is going to be a very disciplined approach on two things, one is, the – meeting the thresholds, the investment thresholds that we have and that we’ve laid out to all of you. And second one is a very realistic view on the earnings potential of these businesses. I think we have an excellent track record in terms of being disciplined in deploying capital. And two, on delivering what we expect this business will deliver or that we have in our valuations. Now, in terms of our margin enhancement, I mean, the bulk of the margin enhancement is really around our residential and retail business, although generation and business solutions transform, and we have made good progress. What I can tell you is that we have spent the last 18 months working on these. First, identifying our initiatives then investing. And just in 2018, we’re starting to see the fruits of this. We met our $30 million margin enhancement target. The bulk of it is going to come in, in 2019. That’s where we expect the majority of the impact. So I’ll turn it over to Elizabeth just to give you a quick update on where we are on our mass retail margin enhancement efforts. Elizabeth?
Elizabeth Killinger: Sure. Thank you, Mauricio. Hey Angie, I would summarize a couple of thoughts for you. First on earnings growth between 2017 and 2018, our retail business grew by about 15% in earnings only 3% of that was from XOOM. And on the customer growth side, we grew about 15%, 445,000 customers, most of that was from our M&A activity, but we still have 30,000 customers that we grew organically in the business. So we have a really strong engine. So far, I’m really pleased with the progress on our margin enhancement plans. You may remember from our Analyst Day, our efforts in the mass side of the business had two primary approaches, one was value expansion and that’s from both retaining more customers. So we’ve implemented predictive analytics tools and enhanced ones that we already had and had been using. We’ve improved our customer experience at multiple tough points from billing to customer care to introducing apps that connect customers to more capabilities. And our value efforts give us better insight to match customers and products and maximize both acquisition and existing customer efforts during a pretty high pressure season for us both with competition and higher supply costs. And then on the customer growth efforts, that is really exciting. We’ve expanded our channels and our footprint of our face-to-face reach, so that we can meet customers, where they are with compelling products and services in the East. That looks like both in electricity and natural gas portfolio, and we’ve been able to grow that. And we’ve seen double-digit improvements in our key sales metrics, as a result of our growth efforts. So we’re really excited about the progress we’ve made, and we’re looking forward to continuing to deliver in 2019.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I was just wondering how the growth targets that you laid out on the Analyst Day compared now to your outlook given that there’s been probably some increase in the cost-to-serve load as we saw in 2018, probably even more so going forward, you do seem to be a bit short power in Texas. So I mean, again, is this embedded in your projections? Or should I think that that’s actually driving your retail margins going forward?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, if you think about our margin enhancement, that is independent to commodity price increases. I think the best way that I can characterize our margin enhancement is, it just makes our platform better, so regardless of the – where we are in the cycle now. The reality is when you combine margin enhancement with the dynamics that we’re seeing in the commodity prices, I mean, yes, perhaps you can potentially mass the impact of margin enhancement. But the way we think about margin enhancement is completely independent from the underlying commodity price. And we are on track – yes, we’re on track for 2019.
Angie Storozynski: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abe Azar from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Abe Azar: Thank you. Good morning. Congratulations on achieving your multiple goals for 2018.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Abe.
Abe Azar: No problem. Looking forward, what do you mean by perfected customer-focus business model in your 2019 scorecard?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So we have gone through great changes inside our portfolio. We rightsize – first, we simplify the business by taking some non-core assets or underperforming financial assets. We focus on our generation retail integrated business. Then we rightsize it. So our generation portfolio is much better balanced than our retail. But we feel transform regional imbalances for lack of a better word. In the East, our generation portfolio is bigger than our retail. And in Texas, our retail business is slightly bigger than our generation fleet. So I think, there is an opportunity one to better balance those two, that’s what I mean by perfecting it. And then number two, while our physical assets right now are the right ones to help us manage load, there’s always an opportunity. Keep in mind that the customers are going to be determining what is the right mix of the generation assets that we need. When I say, customer-driven integrated platform, I mean it. I mean, the customers are going to determine what kind of supply they want to have. Is there going to be 50% renewables, 75% renewables, 100% grid power. So that’s going to inform how we set off our generation portfolio, and there’s an opportunity to perfect that. So that’s what I mean by perfecting it. Now, what it means is from a practical standpoint, as I said, there is an opportunity right now to continue growing our retail business both organically and through M&A. But today, I don’t see any opportunity that meets our investment thresholds on the generation side. And that’s why we have initiated this capital-light, asset-light strategy, where we can actually contract short-term or medium-term contracts, PPAs to better manage and perhaps it even better aligns the load obligations that we have. We don’t have. It’s capital-light because we use developers that have perhaps low in terms of capital than we do and have a different risk profile when it comes to the residual value of these assets. And so we think it’s a better match to help us complement our physical asset position. That’s what I mean by perfecting the business.
Abe Azar: Thank you. That makes a lot of sense. That’s all I have today.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Abe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your question, please.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi, good morning. Just a quick question on the credit metrics and investment grade. Do you have any sense on if you execute on the metrics in 2019, as you stated just how long it might take the rating agencies to actually make you investment grade, like…
Mauricio Gutierrez: Kirk?
Kirk Andrews: Sure, Steve. I think that’s probably going to be beyond – certainly beyond 2019 probably based on the dialog we’ve had. Certainly, we’ve enjoyed a lot of success with the rating agencies in the recent past to get them to upgrade us in the last year. So as you know, and understandably, they tend to be a little bit more lagging, they like to do their homework, come around to the new – both the new business risk profile, as well as the new financial profile. So I think that’s – it’s going to take a little time. I think that’s fine. It probably will take at least 12 months to 18 months before we can get there. And part of that, as I said before, is the reason why we’re targeting investment grade metrics is that’s the first step in establishing the platform to get there. I think realistically speaking, and I alluded this in my remarks, we need to continue to demonstrate to the agencies as well as our equity investors that strength and resiliency of the platform because that’s going to be a necessary catalyst over time to get them confident to reduce that business risk. And that’s the reason, why I’m giving it a little longer timeline, which is completely fine because it’s really going to be the combination of, obviously, execute on the delevering, delivering the metrics and then walking that business risk up. You think both of those are really necessary conditions so that we’re going to get to a here’s the investment grade rating. As I’m sure you’re well aware, sitting in another region at the BBB minus level is not the right place to be. So if we’re going to take that step and actually target a rating, as I said, we want to be solidly in that range and that’s another reason, why that will take a little bit of time. But I think this puts us on the right path. But it’s important to get at it soon so that we continue to back run to demonstrate that resiliency. And also at the same time on the equity side, trying to drive that valuation metric tighter on that free cash flow yield. So it – I would say, 12 months to 18 months at a minimum to get through that process.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just one other question just on the kind of M&A opportunities, which it sounds like would be mainly focused in retail. Just – obviously, there is one transaction that’s out there that there’s supposedly a competitor process. Is this a – is there a broad set of opportunities? Or is it more limited to one or two that are out there?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Steve, I think, there’s just a limited number of opportunities. I mean, limited in the sense of very large retail book. So I think there is going to be a lot of them in terms of small books. But we think of them as the day-to-day, we’re going to be evaluating these, just like we have done in the past, and we’re going to acquire these small books, as a normal course of business. But on the – let’s say, on the slightly bigger because these are not necessarily large transactions, Steve. There’s a limit in the number of opportunities. And like I said, we are – we know that we want to participate on this. We have an option to either grow organically or grow through M&A. And just, I mean, we’re just going to be very disciplined. Very disciplined on two fronts, on the way we look at these businesses and the earnings power of these businesses; and secondly, on the value that we pay for these businesses and the combination of those two are going to – they have to meet our internal threshold. So I mean, those are the two things that I guess everybody should be thinking about. What do you expect from this business, and what you are willing to pay for this business. And I think we have a pretty good track record in terms of being disciplined on the value side and we’ve been very realistic on delivering the earnings potential of these businesses or the earnings that we tell you, they’re going to deliver.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question, please.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning. Can you hear me?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So quick follow-up on the credit side. I just wanted to clarify this, the reduction in debt that you’re talking about the $600 million. Just what point in time do you decide to move forward with the – given the use of your terms that you reserved it in your capital allocation? And then secondly, let me just get this out of the way now two completely separately, but looking at the new hedge disclosures, can you give us a little bit more of an apples-to-apples sense how that looks quarter-over-quarter versus your last set of disclosures? Obviously, you’re changing the numerator and the denominator a little bit here. So it’s all fuzzy in the comparison. But I just wanted to understand incrementally how much more hedged? And kind of when you’re thinking about the shifts here anything to note in terms of the competition or how you’re thinking about it?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So let me turn it to Kirk for the credit metrics, and then Chris Moser can talk about the hedge.
Kirk Andrews: Hey, Julien. So as far as the timing here, I think, that’s really largely going to be governed by getting at this, what I call, efficiently from a capital perspective. I mean, if you look at our maturity for a second, I’m sort of focused on the unsecured side for a second, given all the successes we’ve had is what I often sort of refer to from time-to-time is we’re kicking cans down the road, we’re making hay while the sun shines and continue to refinance things. Our nearest maturity is 2024, not surprisingly, it also happens to be our nearest call window. So the next call window we have for that – or first call window, which is roughly half the coupon, so call it 103, spot of 125 is around May of this year. So if we’re going to go to the unsecured side, I think that’s probably the – if you want to call it, if you will, the temporal governor there, so that we know we got a price at which we can attack, not necessarily implying 100% certain. That’s the direction we’re going to go, but that’s probably a good way to think about on the unsecured side. By the way, I think that maturity is probably about $730 million, so well enough there to satisfy the $600 million. The best and most efficient from a capital standpoint is on the foot side of that question. Obviously, we’ve got a pretty significant term loan. That term loan actually matures sooner, that’s in 2023 maturity. That one is available for us to delever at par. So it probably would be right now if you put a gun in my head or a combination of those two things. So that’s probably the two buckets we look most closely to. But in terms of timing, I think about that May inflection point and after is being probably the bulk of that $600 million right now.
Chris Moser: Julien, good morning. Chris here. As far as the hedge disclosures go, listen, we heard from a lot of you that the base load revenue hedge disclosures we used to do were at best insufficient and at worst confusing. So we decided to move to a regional gen portfolio and the full gross margin. In terms of apples-to-apples, you should think of us as that we’ve been scaling sellers in 2020 with a combination of some summer and some around the clock as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But anything else to consider in the context of your hedging. Do you have disproportionate summer or exposure or any kind of – when you think about layering those in, is it that a premium or discount versus what you’ve already locked in?
Chris Moser: Yes. I mean, I think that the summer prices have been up slightly between the last disclosure and now. I wouldn’t say materially, if we’re talking about 2020, so to speak. I think that this summer, you got the low reserve margins and high prices. There’s plenty of time for GenOn load to prepare for that. It’s been a little rainy down there so far. And in the most recent way too early weather forecast, I’ve been seen a little bearish Texas in 2019. I mean, it’s pretty early to get that, but the first seasonal outlook I saw, I think it was from CWG, I’m trying to remember. It had a kind of soft in Texas. I mean, 2020, you’ve got a whole another year of load growth, which, according to the CDR 2,000 megawatts a year, I mean, and that’s peak load growth going from 74.8 to 76.8. It’s – Texas needs some new generation. A quick call out, I think, we’re very – we’d like to commend the Public Utilities Commission of Texas for taking the actions they’ve did in terms of adjusting the ORDC out there. I think that’s helpful. Obviously, we support a well-functioning market in Texas. We’ve got way too big in investment down there not to. And I think we’re responding in a bunch of different ways. I mean, we’ve added some reliability work at plants working on some load management and that, and I think that ORDC changes help incent a load response, which is nothing, but helpful for a functioning market.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. I agree about the updated hedges. Thank you very much.
Chris Moser: Awesome. Thanks, Julien.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Your question, please.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hi, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Hi. So quickly just on Slide 23, again on the hedge disclosure. It is helpful, I think to have it this way, so appreciate that. Just wanted to understand, does the chart then imply that for 2020, your hedge pricing is below the current forward curve because you have a 77 million negative on the mark to market. Is that a fair way to read that chart?
Chris Moser: So I think the way to read that is that we’ve been scaling sellers of 2020, as the market has continued to move up.
Praful Mehta: Got you. So there is – effectively, the price points at which you’re selling or the time of day you’re – or the – you’re not selling peak or you’re not locking in hedge pricing that is peak. Is that a fair way to…
Chris Moser: No, no, don’t think about it like that. Don’t think about it like that. Think about that if we sold peak, the peak has moved up since we sold it. And if we sold off peak, the off peak has moved up since we sold it. It’s – we’re marking it against the relevant numbers.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, It’s a mark-to-market, Praful calculation. So it takes into consideration, where we – what time of the day, or what, block of energy we sold in the market and then, just marking it against, where the last expectation is or where the forward market is.
Chris Moser: Yes. It doesn’t – it’s not – it’s not commenting on we sold off peak, but the peak is up. I mean it’s literally what sales that we make compared to where the market is now. And as you’re scaling seller on the market that’s moving up, you would see some mark to market losses, which is what you see on that chart.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And if I can just make a comment because this is a, I think we heard loud and clear from our investors, we want to be very transparent in our disclosures. We want to provide disclosures that help you understand better our company and better the financials going forward. So we believe that moving into these open energy margin with the mark to market of all our hedges, not just power hedges, but all our hedges, just helps you better understand the model the potential – the earnings potential of our company. So we’re going to continue to provide additional disclosures. But right now, we think that this move is a step on the right direction.
Praful Mehta: Yes, agreed. And I think the mark to market the way you’re describing it exactly is the right way for us to make it easier to read through. So appreciate it. Appreciate the disclosure. And just quickly on the second question, on the credit metrics now that you’re transitioning to more investment grade profile, is that going to go hand in hand with hedge percentages as in, do you add more flexibility to how much you need to hedge going forward? And will that allow you to stay more open if you believe on a fundamental basis that curves don’t reflect the true fundamentals in the 2020 or 2021 timeframe?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, I think Praful what you – what we – we don’t look at the credit or the steps that we’re taking on the balance sheet on isolation. I think Kirk already provided a pretty good overview that this is a combination of perfecting our business model and making it more predictable. So you’re just describing what we used to do in the past, which was try to make our generation earnings more predictable. Well, if we are able to now combine it with a more balanced approach to retail, then we don’t have to rely so much on the market. We can just point generation to retail. So one of the key priorities is a more predictable business, which you know, that will improve the assessment of rating agencies and the risk profile of our earnings. The second thing is the balance sheet and all the benefits that Kirk already explained around the balance sheet. And lastly is consistently returning capital to shareholders. If you think about those three priorities, I think we have a tremendous opportunity given the financial flexibility that we have afforded ourselves to rerate the stock and to create shareholder value for – long-term shareholder value in the coming months and years. So it is a combination of all three things that we are looking to enhance the valuation of our equity. I think that’s how you should think about it, they’re all related.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Fair enough. Thanks so much guys. Appreciate it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Praful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. One question just on the move to investment grade, and then one or two follow-ups. Can you put a cash flow value like an annual cash flow value of, if you’ve got investment grade, what would that mean in terms of either interest cost savings, reduced collateral or something else. I’m just trying to quantify a little bit of what the free cash flow impact of going from sub high grade to – going from high yield to high grade?
Kirk Andrews: All right, let me take that in two pieces. So the way I think about it, Michael, when you’re telling me some [indiscernible] addressing your question. So step one is that incremental delevering, that will create some cash flow there. So rule of thumb, if you’re talking about reducing interest with fund secured notes, with a coupon of 6, that 600 you’re talking about, $35 million-plus or minus just nice round number 2 to 5. On an annualized basis, which I think, you find this about a little less than 2% accretive to the free cash flow. Over time, and I want to emphasize over time because that’s the benefit and then the delay that comes with it of all of the success we’ve had as extending maturities tax. When we go to refinance that debt, I think, relative to some investment grade – obviously, we’re strong BB right now. Kind of rule of thumb, it depends on where the markets are. If you think about maybe 25 basis points type of improvement, could be a little more, could be a little less, but 25 basis points probably a decent rule of thumb. And we have to keep in mind also that one of the things that comes along with moving to investment grade, which by the way, is one of the other reasons to go to that strong investment grade if you decide to target the ratings is callable debt is no longer available, right? You’re issuing bullets and that’s understandable because it tends to be the case that you’re a lot closer to have the treasuries if you’re less volatile in interest rate environment. But if you ask me if there’s one single cause I can think about it, it’s probably that one. Not really offset by a benefit on covenants because we successfully taken most of the covenants on our unsecured notes to investment grade testing at this point. But again, going back to second part of my answer, yes, roughly 25 basis points plus or minus.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. One question on the hedging. The revenue side, I think relatively easy to kind of back it – trying to back into that, but just trying to think to the fuel. So can you remind us for the Texas plants, what’s the mix of 8,800 versus 8,400 versus lignite in terms of the coal being used? And kind of similar question for the Midwest gen plants?
Kirk Andrews: So I don’t think we’ve broken 8,800 and 8,400 before, but you can assume zero lignite and a mix of the 8,400 and 8,800 for both sets of generation facilities.
Chris Moser: In Texas.
Kirk Andrews: No, in Midwestern.
Michael Lapides: So you’re now using 8,400 because Midwest gen before your acquisition was predominantly 8,800, you’re now using a mix of 8,400 and 8,800. So we should kind of look at where those both respective curves are trading and use some kind of blend between the two?
Chris Moser: Yes. I mean the blend is different in the different regions. But it’s fair to say that the – it’s all PRB at this point that lignite is out of the question.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then thinking about the Texas coal plants. Just curious, your thoughts on the economics of both limestone and parish given, we’ve seen a little bit move in the forward curves, but given how weak the off peak is, just kind of thought process of the viability of those coal plants and your views on viability of other coal plants in the Texas market and whether there’s another wave of coal plant retirements coming?
Chris Moser: Well, I think it’s fair to say that as you go forward with – to your point, low off peaks, what you’re seeing is a concentration of value on the peaks and then within the peaks, the concentration of value in the summer as well. And so with high forward summer prices that voice all bodes and certainly the coal plants do well in that scenario as well. If you run out the curve, 10 years or something like that, obviously things look different because it’s a relatively backward dated curve when you get out that far.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. Last item, Agua Caliente, how do you think about the timing of actually being able to do anything with it, just given some of the window comments and cash traps et cetera.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, We are evaluating Agua Caliente, as you know, the expected sale to Clearway didn’t happen, and we’re going to be waiting for a better environment when we monetize that asset. It’s contract is under long-term contracts. And it’s not necessarily fits the profile of our current platform. So I mean we’re going to look out beyond 2019 and evaluate the options. But I think we’re not going to be forced to do something in a challenging environment. We’re going to do it when we think are better times. And just, I mean, just as a way of just additional context, I mean, remember Agua Caliente is not in our 2019 financial guidance. So it really doesn’t have an impact one way or another.
Chris Moser: Hey Michael, I have one more follow-up thought on that. If you look at the shape of the reserve margins, we have – our version of it on Page 5 there, you see that as you get into 2022 and 2023 that you’re back in that 7% range or something like that. And I would suggest that the pricing in 2022 and 2023 does not reflect a 7% reserve margin. So either the reserve margin is right, in which case the price is wrong or the price is right and the reserve margin is wrong. And so one of those two things had to give. But as of right now, they’re in a state of call it, cognitive dissonance.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Ali Agha from SunTrust. Your question, please.
Ali Agha: Good morning. Just couple of quick ones. One from a big picture perspective. If I look at the wholesale disclosure, you’ve given us and the trends that you’re showing us 2020 over 2019 and then a load on top of that the margin enhancement plans, you have over 2020 over 2019. So just from a big picture perspective, as we stand today is it fair to say that 2020 EBITDA is probably looking pretty flattish with 2019 that’s the way to think about it?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean I think when you think about 2020, it looks pretty consistent with 2019. Obviously, there’s always puts and takes. In 2020, we have the impact of margin enhancement, the curves are backward dated, so you have more degrees of freedom on your retail. On the generation side, your capacity is under some pressure. But so, I mean there are puts and takes, but it’s pretty consistent year-over-year.
Ali Agha: Got you. And then also to clarify, Mauricio, I think you recently mentioned that Agua Caliente, you said, is not in the 2019 forecast and maybe I misread. But I thought looking at one of your slides, that it included about $40 million of Agua Caliente in 2019? I think it’s Slide 10 footnote? Can you just clarify that?
Kirk Andrews: Yes. Ali, it’s Kirk. That’s distinction that I think we’re making. So I think what Mauricio is referring to is our existing guidance range, which we established on our third quarter call. At that time, our expectation was Agua Caliente would be sold very early in the first quarter. So we did not bake that into our budgeting or forecasting for the year, that’s the basis on which that guidance was established.
Ali Agha: Okay.
Kirk Andrews: Now let me say that why we’ve got the footnote there, right? Now that we know Agua Caliente is not going to be sold, right. It is going to be – its results will be included in our financial results that’s the distinction between the two.
Ali Agha: Okay. But you didn’t change, I mean, it’s within the guidance range, but are we assuming that it’s accretive?
Kirk Andrews: Sorry, what was that Ali?
Ali Agha: I was just thinking is it additive or is it replacing some other $40 million, so it doesn’t really net-net make any change, I am just clarifying that?
Kirk Andrews: Yes. Well, obviously we’ve got a $200 million range on EBITDA. So certainly over time, the portfolio evolve, right. We reforecast, we take another look at it et cetera, et cetera. So it certainly included as we look at our expectations now going forward, but it’s in the range.
Ali Agha: Got you. And last question. Just to clarify that this $1 billion buyback again is the plan to complete that in calendar 2019 or does that sort of slip into 2020 as well?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, it’s – we’re targeting 2019.
Ali Agha: I see. Okay. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Agha.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today’s program. I’d like to hand the program over to Mauricio Gutierrez for any further remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Jonathan. It was good talking to all of you. I look forward to continuing our conversation in the days to come. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc. Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc. Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc. Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Incorporated Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Joelle. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's third quarter 2018 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com, under Presentations and Webcasts. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation, as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. And now with that, I'll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. Joining me this morning is Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer and also on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail Mass Business and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. I'd like to start the call by highlighting the three key messages for today's presentation on slide 4. First, we continue to demonstrate the earnings predictability of our integrated platform. We are narrowing our 2018 earnings guidance to the upper half of the range and initiating 2019 financial guidance above our transformation plan pro forma. Second, we achieved a significant milestone in our efforts to right-size our business by closing on the sale of NRG Yield and Renewables. With the transformational plan, asset sales and cost savings nearly behind us, we're now pivoting to margin enhancement in 2019. Finally, we are announcing an incremental $500 million share repurchase in addition to the $1 billion announced earlier in the year. This brings our total share repurchase program to $1.5 billion and completes our 2018 capital allocation plan. Moving to our third quarter business update on slide 5, as you can see on the left-hand side of the slide, during the third quarter, we delivered $677 million of adjusted EBITDA or 23% higher than last year. This was primarily driven by higher realized power prices and continued execution on accretive cost savings initiatives while achieving top quartile safety results. I am very pleased with the operational and financial performance of our integrated platform during a period of extreme price volatility. As we have discussed with you in the past, during periods of high prices, our Generation business benefits while our Retail business experiences some margin compression. It is exactly in this price environment that our platform demonstrates the benefits of the integrated model. Our year-to-date result now stand at $1.58 billion, a 34% increase from last year, allowing us to narrow our 2018 guidance range to $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion which is at the upper half of our previous range when adjusted for asset sales. This is also the first quarter that our financial statements start reflecting our new simplified business model. Our total corporate debt is now at $6.5 billion or almost 60% lower than the previous quarter. This number includes $640 million of deleveraging completed in the last two months. During the third quarter we also launched the second $500 million share repurchase, following the close of NRG Yield and Renewables transactions, which we expect to be completed by the end of the year. I continue to believe that our current stock price does not reflect the fundamental value of our business and presents the best return opportunity for our capital at this time. Looking ahead into 2019, we're initiating adjusted EBITDA guidance of $1.85 billion to $2.05 billion. This range reflects the strong fundamentals in our core markets and the confidence we have in achieving our transformation goals. This is yet another example of the stability and strength of our integrated platform, which will provide close to $2.6 billion of excess cash to be allocated in 2019. Later in the call, Kirk will provide additional details on both guidance ranges. Turning to slide 6 with our transformation plan update; we continue to execute on the plan initiatives during the quarter and remain on track to achieve our full-year 2018 targets. Through September 30, we have realized $375 million in cost savings, $24 million in maintenance CapEx reductions and $6 million in margin enhancement. Over the remainder of the year, we will continue to focus on executing our cost savings and maintenance CapEx programs, while ramping up our margin enhancement initiatives. We continue to put in place the foundation for realizing margin improvement through multiple avenues, including expanding sales channels and products, streamlining transactions and enhancing IT systems for more sophisticated customer analytics. With respect to asset sales, during the quarter, we closed on the sale of NRG Yield and Renewables. We expect to close South Central by year-end as it is moving through the approval process with the LPSC and FERC, and Carlsbad will reach COD in the fourth quarter and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2019. We are also narrowing our asset sale proceeds from up to $3.2 billion to $3.1 billion. This is the result of having only Agua Caliente as the remaining assets with clear line of sight to close by year-end 2019. All other assets will remain in the portfolio at this time, given the improving market conditions. Finally, we are well on our way to achieve our leverage target of 3 times net debt to EBITDA by the end of 2018, after having executed our deleveraging objectives. Now, turning to slide 7 for a closer look at this summer; as you can see on the slide, weather was warmer than normal across our core markets, which led to higher demand, particularly in Texas, where we set a new record peak load of 73,000 megawatts. While loads were robust, actual prices were mixed across markets compared to expectations. In ERCOT, real-time prices came in significantly lower, as you can see on the upper right-hand chart. A combination of near perfect performance by generators during the July heat wave and milder temperatures in August resulted in prices 77% lower than it was expected at the beginning of the summer. In the west, California was a different story with prices settling well above expectations. This was mainly due to restricted gas deliverability. Looking ahead, we observe that the combination of once-through cooling unit retirements and the emergence of community-choice aggregators have resulted in recent increases to Western capacity prices. In the east, energy prices were pretty much in line with expectations and the focus is really on market reforms of both capacity and energy. Now looking forward on slide 8 and starting with our market outlook for ERCOT; as we have seen over the past year, reserve margins continue to tighten, driven by load growth, asset retirements, and additional delays or cancellations or new builds as developers are unable to justify long-term investments. On the top left-hand chart, you can see that reserve margins continue to be significantly below ERCOT's target for several years, highlighting the need for additional generation. Currently, the PUCT is considering positive changes to the ORDC scarcity pricing mechanism, to ensure the right price signals are sent to market participants. These potential regulatory changes, combined with low future reserve margins have pushed forward prices higher, particularly in 2019 and 2020. This move has been almost entirely driven by increases in the summer prices, where the market is now implying between 8 to 9 hours of prices at the cap. We have actually taken this as an opportunity to increase our hedge levels in 2019 and 2020, providing us with even more predictability on our earnings going forward. One area worth noting is that most of the current reserve margin is made up of capacity that comes from renewable generation. As you know, this is non-dispatchable capacity and therefore could potentially lead to fluctuations in the actual amount of generation available to serve load. Now moving to the East, the focus is on regulatory changes for both capacity and energy markets. As you know, FERC has stated that the existing capacity market in PJM is unjust and unreasonable, due to the negative impact of subsidized units. Let me reiterate that we believe a strong MOPR is the simplest and most effective way to reduce the harmful impact of subsidies on the capacity market. PJM and New England are also focusing on fuel security, which should lead to additional revenues for generators that have on-site fuel capabilities. This is very much at play, but all these regulatory changes are designed to improve the current status quo and are positive for our portfolio. Next month, it will be three years since I became CEO of the company and while this is not the quarter where we provide our capital allocation plan, I wanted to spend a minute talking about our capital allocation philosophy and track record, particularly in light of the financial flexibility that we have afforded ourselves in the past few years. Turning to slide 9, you can see our capital allocation for the past three years. As you may recall, we initially focus on stabilizing our business by selling or closing underperforming assets, focusing on our core integrated business and strengthening our balance sheet. This resulted in most of our excess cash to be allocated to debt reduction in 2016 and 2017. With the announcement of our transformation plan and the rightsizing of our business, we created significant excess capital that we returned to our shareholders in 2018 through share repurchases given the undervaluation of our own stock. As we move into 2019 and given the excess cash potential of our business, which will be close to $2.6 billion even after the incremental $500 million share repurchase announced today, I want to reiterate to you that we will be absolutely disciplined in following our capital allocation principles that we have articulated to you and that you can see on this slide. I look forward to providing you with our 2019 capital allocation plan on the fourth quarter earnings call as we have done in the past. With that, I will turn it over to Kirk for our financial summary.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thanks, Mauricio. Turning first to the financial summary on slide 11, for the third quarter, NRG delivered $677 million in adjusted EBITDA, a 23% increase over last year. Having successfully closed the sale of NRG Yield and Renewables in August, our quarterly and year-to-date results now no longer include the contribution from these businesses, which are now treated as discontinued operations as a result of the sale. Through the first nine months of 2018, NRG has delivered nearly $1.6 billion in adjusted EBITDA with approximately $375 million of cost savings realized, which places us on track to achieving our 2018 cost savings target of $500 million. With these solid results and the important summer months now behind us, we're also narrowing and revising our 2018 guidance toward the upper half of our previous range, which I'll discuss in greater detail shortly. With the closing of NRG Yield and Renewables transaction, combined with $640 million in discretionary debt redemptions which I'm pleased to announce, are now completed, we have now removed approximately $10 billion of debt from NRG's balance sheet in 2018. This not only significantly simplifies NRG's balance sheet for our investors but makes the achievement of our 3 times net debt-to-EBITDA target in 2018 all the more transparent. As you'll recall, part of our plan to achieve our target balance sheet ratio in 2018 included $640 million in debt repayment, which we achieved following the third quarter in two parts. First, in October, we redeemed the remaining $485 million balance of our 2022 senior notes, eliminating our nearest maturity in the process. Second, we repaid $155 million of our term loan facility. We are required under the terms of this facility to offer a portion of the proceeds from certain assets sales to the lenders at par. In keeping with this requirement, we have made this offer, and through an arrangement with a financial institution, effectively capped the amount of redemptions for which NRG is responsible at $155 million, which represents the balance required to achieve our debt reduction target for 2018. As Mauricio mentioned earlier, we have now fully funded the second phase of our $1 billion share buyback program. Following the closing of NRG Yield and Renewables, we put in place a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program or ASR with a financial institution. NRG initially received a base number of shares which will be supplemented with additional shares based on the average price of our stock over the program. The financial institution is continuing to execute share repurchases under the ASR which will be completed by the end of 2018. In addition, we now have a new authorization for an additional $500 million in share purchases which will be executed between now and into 2019. This brings the total amount of 2018 excess capital allocated to share buybacks to $1.5 billion or nearly 40% of our 2018 excess capital. Turning next to an update on our 2018 guidance which you'll find on slide 12, given the significant impact of deconsolidation, resulting from asset sales and our reported results in 2018, I'd like to first take a moment to provide you some context of our revised 2018 guidance. Looking at the table at the top of the slide and moving from left to right, we start with our previous guidance for 2018 which has remained unchanged since we first provided it about a year ago. That consulted guidance, included the expected full-year contribution from all of our businesses, including those which have now been sold. As you may recall from previous quarters, we have disclosed to you the full-year impact to the midpoint of our guidance from these 2018 asset sales which included everything we've closed on to-date such as NRG Yield, Renewables and our Boston Trading business or BETM, as well as our South Central business. Following the closing of South Central, which we continue to expect toward the end of 2018, the results of this business will also be treated as discontinued operations and will not appear in our results for the year. That second column reflects the midpoint EBITDA and free cash flow from these businesses based on our prior guidance or $1.2 billion and $590 million in EBITDA and free cash flow respectively. Deducting these amounts from our prior guidance allows you to see the contribution to that prior guidance range from businesses retained in 2018, which is reflected in the third column entitled, previous guidance adjusted for asset sales. This should provide you some context and reference for comparison for our revised 2018 guidance shown in the last column on the right. Based on the performance of our remaining businesses and our expectations for the balance of the year, our updated and narrowed guidance for 2018 is $1.7 billion to 1.8 billion in adjusted EBITDA and $1.05 billion to $1.15 billion of free cash flow. Importantly, this revised guidance reflects the upper half of our previous guidance range adjusted for asset sales. Finally, at the bottom of the slide, there are a couple of items to note with respect to our 2018 revised guidance, which should also provide you some context when I review our 2019 financial guidance in a few moments. First, our revised guidance for 2018 still reflects the contribution from Agua Caliente, which we expect to sell to NRG Yield or Clearway in early 2019, as well as the partial year contribution from BETM, which was sold during 2018. In total, these two items represent approximately $120 million in adjusted EBITDA included within both the Generation segment, as well as our consolidated revised guidance. As BETM has now been sold and we expect Agua Caliente to be sold early in 2019, neither of these two items will contribute to our results going forward, and are thus not included in our 2019 financial guidance. Second, as you recall, we closed on XOOM Energy in mid-2018, which we expect to contribute approximately $25 million to our 2018 results. However, as we indicated when we announced the XOOM transaction during Analyst Day, we expect the full-year impact of XOOM to be approximately $45 million and our 2019 guidance reflects that. So, with that as a backdrop, I'd like to turn to 2019 guidance which you'll find on slide 13. 2019 will be the first year since we announced the transformation plan that our financial results will reflect our retained businesses and are simplified and further strengthen the balance sheet. Our guidance for 2019 is $1.85 billion to $2.05 billion in adjusted EBITDA, with $850 million to $950 million from Generation, and $1 billion to $1.1 billion from Retail. In the upper right of this slide, we provided a walk to help you understand our 2019 EBITDA guidance compared to our previous 2018 pro forma that was based on our original 2018 guidance. Our previous 2018 pro forma EBITDA, which was most recently found in our second quarter presentation, was $1.6 billion. To bridge to the $1.95 billion midpoint of 2019 guidance, we add two items. First, our 2019 guidance reflects the incremental impact of transformation plan initiatives versus 2018, which totaled $195 million. As you may recall, this consists of $500 million in 2018 cost savings, increasing to the $590 million run rate in 2019, and $30 million in 2018 margin enhancement which increases to $135 million in 2019. Second, to arrive at the midpoint of 2019 guidance, we add $150 million, which reflects the combined impact of increased power prices in 2019. Specifically, these increased prices benefit Generation EBITDA, just partially offset by higher supply costs that they represent for Retail. While we expect these higher supply costs to modestly impact 2019 Retail guidance, we expect them to be recoverable beyond 2019. Next on slide 14, I'd like to provide a brief update on 2018 capital allocation. As usual, you'll find all the changes to this update versus the update we previously provided in the second quarter, highlighted in blue. As you can see, primarily driven by a $500 million increase in capital allocated to share repurchases, which reflects a reserve for our new buyback authorization. We have now fully allocated our 2018 excess capital with approximately $80 million of total capital allocated toward our deleveraging targets and returning capital to shareholders, primarily through share buybacks. The remaining changes since our last update are summarized in the upper right of the slide, and primarily consists of the following: First, as shown in Item A, based on discussions with NRG Yield or Clearway and the expected COD for Carlsbad later this year, we now expect to close on the sale of that asset in the first quarter, which shifts about $365 million in capital from 2018 to early 2019. Next, based on the increase in 2018 EBITDA, which positively impacts our leverage ratio, we are able to reduce the temporary cash reserve needed to achieve this ratio in 2018 by approximately $150 million. This is partially offset by about $45 million of debt premiums and fees associated with both the $640 million in debt redemptions I've mentioned earlier as well as other liability management activities year-to-date. Finally, we have reduced the expected allocation to transformation plan cost to achieve by $60 million, which we now expect to incur as a part of 2019 cap allocation, which I'll review next on slide 15. Turning to 2019 excess capital on slide 15, we begin with capital available of $1.4 billion, which is comprised of the midpoint of our 2019 free cash flow guidance plus about $70 million of unallocated 2018 capital from the previous slide. Next, we add $485 million in 2019 asset sale proceeds, which consists of approximately $365 million for Carlsbad and $120 million for Agua Caliente. Both of which are expected to close in the first quarter. Next is the full release of the remaining $915 million in 2018 cash temporarily reserved to ensure our 3 times ratio. Our higher midpoint EBITDA for 2019 allows us to fully release this remaining balance next year for capital allocation, as we will not require any excess cash in 2019 beyond simply our $500 million minimum cash balance to achieve our 3 times net debt to EBITDA ratio. I'll review all of this in further detail on the next slide, however it's important to note that as you may recall, our previous expectation, which was based on our pro forma cash walk was with – that we would still need to reserve about $450 million in capital or cash in 2019 for credit ratio purposes, making this capital previously unavailable until 2020. Our more robust EBITDA reflected in that 2019 guidance allows us to release this capital for allocation effectively one year earlier than previously expected, and is the reason why although we've now allocated an additional $500 million toward share repurchases, our cumulative excess capital through 2019 remains unchanged from our previous walk at $2.6 billion. Finally, turning to an update on our corporate credit metrics on slide 16. In column one, we've updated our 2018 ratio calculation, to reflect our increased revised pro forma EBITDA, which again allows us to reduce our 2018 cash reserve while maintaining three times net debt-to-EBITDA. Our pro forma 2018 debt reflects the third quarter balance reduced by $640 million in debt redemptions now completed, leading to $6.5 billion in total corporate debt at year-end 2018, which, after deducting our minimum cash of $500 million and $950 million of additional cash temporarily reserved in 2018 leads to $5.1 billion in 2018 net debt. For debt ratio purposes, we have adjusted our midpoint of our revised 2018 guidance range to reflect the removal of EBITDA from asset sales which still remains in our 2018 guidance, specifically Agua Caliente and BETM. And we've also added $20 million to adjust for the full year effect of XOOM. In total, this net adjustment of $100 million leads to pro forma adjusted EBITDA for ratio purposes of $1.65 billion for 2018. As we've done in prior quarters, we continue to adjust the EBITDA for ratio purposes, to reflect the impact of Midwest Gen capacity modernization which will only be necessary through 2019 as that is the final year of capacity sold forward, after which, we will count 100% of Midwest Gen EBITDA towards this ratio. Turning to 2019, as I mentioned earlier that $300 million increase in adjusted EBITDA based on the midpoint of 2019 guidance allows us to fully release that remaining $915 million of cash reserve, or basically three times the increased EBITDA, making this cash available for further allocation in 2019, while permitting us to maintain that important three times net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Finally, as a reminder, in 2020 we still expect an additional $80 million in EBITDA for margin enhancement programs which increases to $215 million in 2020 versus $135 million in 2019. This additional upside, combined with the strength and resiliency of our integrated Retail and Generation platform, helps ensure that we can maintain and improve on our credit metrics without the need for additional capital in 2020. And with that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio for his closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kirk. A few closing thoughts on our 2018 scorecard on slide 18. As you can tell, it has been quite a busy year so far and we have made excellent progress across the board on our 2018 priorities. I am very pleased with what our team have been able to accomplish. As I look forward to 2019, we're focusing our efforts into three key areas, redefining our business by further perfecting our integrated model; shifting the focus of our transformation plan to margin enhancement and completing the announced asset sales; and finally, disciplined allocation of the significant excess capital that we will have available. I am very excited about the future of our company. I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. So, with that, Joelle, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, team. How are you?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, excellent. Hey, wanted to follow up a little bit on just the hedges here. I wanted to understand a little bit what's going on in Texas on 2020? There's been a little bit of a change in the weighted average hedge price there on a per-megawatt-hour basis. It seems as if you've largely kept the hedge percentage intact, but if you could elaborate a little bit here?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Sure. Well, as we were discussing – I mean, we're seeing power prices increase in 2019 and 2020. We actually have taken this opportunity to increase our hedges, and you know, most of the move has been around the summer. So, you can expect that the hedges that we have put in place have been really around the June through September strip. But, Chris, I mean, are there any – anything else, more details around our hedge strategy and then some of the dynamics you're seeing particularly in 2020?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. I think when we're looking at hedging, we're looking at trying to lock in good numbers against the expected generation with the idea that we'll still leave some – you know, to cover up operational risk and load variability, obviously in combination with buying options, and weather options, and outage insurance, and the rest of that. What you probably – and we can dig into this later, Julien, but what you're probably looking at is, is as we try and take off the summers, especially in 2019, we were also doing longer dated pieces, not just summer. Those are done at a lower level. Obviously I'm selling April off-peak or around-the-clock, that's going to move the number down a little bit.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. So, that explains the move from $42 to $36?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The bulk of it. Okay. Excellent. And then just secondly here, Mauricio, I mean, I think folks are taking note this morning of some of the changes on the board, but I also take note of your commentary earlier with respect to continued execution of the transformation plan. You've announced for the first time here, your 2019 full-year EBITDA, how do you think about continuing some of the cost savings that we've seen in 2018 into 2019? How do you think about what's reflected and ultimately, is there anything to be read from the changes on board here – I mean, on the board composition this morning too.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, I don't think there is anything to read on the board composition. The entire board supported the transformation plan, including myself. Management is committed to executing our transformation plan and I think we have done excellent progress, with the – John decided to step down from the board and what I can tell you is that he's been a good and insightful board member and I look forward to continue having him as a long-term shareholder. So, I think we have the support from our shareholders in terms of our transformation plan, the direction that we are – that we're going. Did that answer all your question, Julien? I know that it was – I think a two or three-part question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well, I – yeah. Well, I mean, maybe the – to be a little bit more direct about this, how are your transformation plans shaping up for further cost savings into 2019? Obviously you're holding on to a few more assets than you originally anticipated; does that provide for incremental cost savings and are you continuing to evaluate that at a board or even within the company from a cost savings perspective?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. So, with respect to the cost savings or on the transformation plan, we have line of sight on the $590 million. We're executing to that and that's going to start doing in – we're going to do that in 2019. Obviously, our cost savings, this is something that is a continuous improvement process. It doesn't end with a transformation plan. We're always looking at doing things more efficiently. So, we're going to continue doing that. And if there is an opportunity to reduce the cost on some of the assets that we're retaining, believe me, I mean, we are already looking at that and then evaluating that. So, I am very confident that we're going to achieve our numbers by – in 2019 and I am very confident also of the culture that we have on continuous improvement that I believe, you know, before transformation plan was for NRG and this is something that we all feel very strongly. So, I don't think you should expect that, you know, after the transformation plan this is basically done and over.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. All right. I'll leave it there. Thank you all.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning, guys. It's actually Phil here for Greg.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Greg.
Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC: Phil. But...
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Phil, I'm sorry. Phil. We're getting a little echo here on our end.
Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Let me try to adjust my headset. Anyway, congrats on the quarter. I just want to clarify a couple of items you discussed. So, to be clear, the incremental $500 million announced today, that's not allocated, it's not eating into the $2.6 billion CAFA that you're allocating for 2019.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: That is correct.
Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC: So, theoretically, if you were to use all that for buybacks, you can allocate north of $3 billion from here.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. I mean, the $500 million plus $2.6 billion, yes, that's correct.
Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC: Got you. In the 2019 guidance you laid out, is that marked to end of the quarter curves?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes.
Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. So is it fair to say that where we sit from here today that curves look still a little bit better on a fresher mark-to-market or how are you – what are you seeing...
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. I mean, I would say that they are just a tad better, but keep in mind, when you're looking at the 2019 guidance, you have to take up a few things into consideration. Number one is power curves; number two, the level of hedges that we have. So, I mean it's not just one, and obviously supply cost for our Retail business. So, I mean, there's multiple things that you need to take into consideration, so it's not just one-dimensional.
Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. And I guess to that point, I mean, yeah, Kirk, your commentary on Retail essentially with the higher wholesale prices going into 2019, you won't be able to capture that 1:1 on the Retail side next year, but as you move through time, you can start to work that into future rates. So it's kind of a margin lag. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. That's correct and I mean, let me just – I mean as we have seen different prices is going to change a little bit the distribution between Generation and Retail in our earnings, but keep in mind, I mean from my perspective, what we are focused on is having an earnings profile that is stable and predictable for the integrated platform. So, if power prices are increasing, it benefits power generation business perhaps more than any part of Retail business and truly it's the other way. So – but at the end of the day, what we are focused on is the total earnings line of the integrated platform, and this is what we want to demonstrate, you know, the stability and predictability of our platform, which I think, we have done in 2018 and with the guidance we're providing today, it's a reaffirmation of that.
Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC: Sure. And you've done a good job of that so far for sure. Last question, and then I'll cede the floor. Can you just provide any color or commentary around the 2020 trajectory from here, relative to 2019?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: I mean, what I will tell you, since we're only introducing 2019 guidance today, is, some of the drivers that you should be looking at for 2020 obviously is power prices, the hedges and something that Kirk was mentioning, which is, you know, some of the compression that we get by higher power prices in our Retail business. But aside from that, I will not – obviously, if the assumptions are the same in 2020 than in 2019, then you can make an inference of that. Obviously, you also have the incremental transformation plan targets that we have going in 2020, but I'm not going to – I'm not going to – and I'm not going to be providing 2020 guidance in the call.
Phil Covello - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. Thanks, guys. Congrats.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Congratulations.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Abe. Good morning.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. With the backwardation in the Texas prices, at least the ones that are quoted right now, can you remind us what Retail's positive sensitivity is for lower prices, you know, absent the margin enhancement program?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we haven't provided the specific sensitivity on our Retail business because – I mean, there is a number of things that come into play; it's not just the cost of our sales, but also you have to look at where your margins are, your attrition rates, your bad debts. So, it's not – I wouldn't say that it's as direct or as directly correlated as CDC in the Generation business. I mean, there is a lot more variable that needs to be taken into consideration. So, I think what I will tell you is, the benefits that we see on the Generation business tends to be one-to-one when power prices increase, and we have ability to pass some of that to our Retail customers, so, it's not one-to-one. That's why we say our Generation business tends to benefit more than it impacts our Retail business, but that's – I think that's the dynamic that – and the complementary nature of our business. And that's the level of detail that we're comfortable providing.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then on 2018, the implied Q4 guidance is a lot lower than Retail and Generation have done in the prior years; is there something unique about this year in Q4?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: No. Nothing unique at all. It's kind of difficult to extrapolate from there, because remember – and again I'm not sure if you're referencing, when you talk about Retail and Generation, those two being the significant component parts of our overall performance in our guidance. In the past, Retail is basically same store from that perspective, but as a reminder, Generation, which we used to call Generation & Renewables for an obvious reason, included everything. So, I'm not sure whether you're accounting for the fact that we've significantly streamlined and changed the overall makeup of the portfolio, but in the context of the assets that remain, which is a phrase or a term that I used in my remarks, fourth quarter is in line with what we would normally expect. Just a lot of noise with things moving in and out this quarter.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So, two questions. So, one is, in the past you've mentioned that you were planning to acquire some retail businesses in the Northeast. Well, you haven't announced anything yet and just wondering if we're waiting for cash to come in from the Louisiana assets or if there's any other limiting factor here. And also, if you could put it in the context, so you have $2.6 billion in cash to be allocated. I understand that there are only really two ways to allocate it; one is that retail acquisition and the other one is buybacks, and is it safe to say that given the size of retail books that are available, only about maybe $700 million of that could be spent on Retail?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Good morning, Angie. So, let me tackle your – the first part of your question. Just to be completely clear, what I have said in the past is that we're going to be looking at perfecting our integrated model. In the East, we have more Generation than Retail, so we can actually achieve that rebalancing in two ways. We can either grow our Retail business or we can reduce our Generation business. Both are available to us, and we know that the retail space has been very active, but – and if we see something that is consistent with our portfolio and meets our capital allocation and hurdle rates, then we're going to evaluate. But there are different ways that we can perfect our model, and we're not locked in or – to one specific one. To your second question around what we can do with our excess cash in 2019, I would say that there are three different ways that we can allocate it. One, we can always find opportunities to grow our portfolio, our business, if they are compelling. Two, we can return capital to shareholders both ways, share buybacks, given the undervaluation of our stock, it is today and as a preferred one, but we also have another avenue, and we are open to it if it's dividends. And then finally, we also have to evaluate, you know, continue paying down debt, and while we are completely comfortable with 3 times today, that doesn't mean that, in the future, it's something that we just set it and forget it. So, that's what I would characterize our capital allocation for 2019 or at least the philosophy.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And on an unrelated note, Midwest Gen, so, PJM will be reforming its MOPAR rule. It does sound like Illinois might be leaning towards stripping out all of their nuclear plants from the PJM auction, keeping the Illinois customers basically neutral as far as their capacity payments, which I understand, that the capacity payments would be coming then from coal plants like the ones that Midwest Gen owns. So, in that context, how do you see the earnings power of this portfolio going forward?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Okay. Chris, do you want to take that?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Angie, for that to happen, you need to believe two different things. You need to believe that Illinois is willing to quintuple the number of nuclear subsidies that they're already providing from 2,000 to give or take 10,000, which is hopefully a stretch. And then, you also have to believe that FERC will allow a state to subsidize one particular set of generation and crush wholesale prices, which is in direct opposition to what they've written in the past – previous three orders. So, I mean I think that's very theoretical, and I think there's a lot of wood to chop to get from here to there.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Praful.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. So, I mainly wanted to get to the hedging a little bit, and link that with the drop we saw in the 2020 hedge prices. I guess you talked about, and we all know about the tight reserve margins in ERCOT; given that tight reserve margin, I would guess that your preference would be to keep it more open to benefit from tightening prices in the curves in 2020, and clearly the curve is right now are backwardated. So, I guess, just wanted to understand more broadly the hedging policy views, and then secondly, a little bit more clarity of the almost $6 drop in 2020, kind of what prompted that hedging if you're kind of seeing this more broader tightening in ERCOT?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Okay.
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Praful, Chris again. So if you're looking at back on page 24 and you look at total Generation portfolio, when you look at the open heat rate, you'll see that 2020 went from pretty darn low to 27%, and nuclear went from relatively low to 36%. So what you have is two different moving pieces here. What you've got is a big hunk of hedges that went in, that were arguably not just summer, but they were full year, on-peak around the clock kind of numbers. And you also have the lot of small numbers which is, if you have a small number that was only summer, and then you mix that with a full year piece, which was, you know, and that second quantum was bigger than the first quantum, you're going to get a move there. Trust me, when we're selling 2020, the summers are included. So we're locking in – we're locking in big chunks of value.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. That's helpful. And so more broadly, just understanding the 2020 and just the hedging policy in general, is there a view that ERCOT is going to tighten further and that curves don't reflect that today and you want to keep more open or do you feel that the curves are relatively opportunistic or wherever there is an opportunity, you would go in and lock in further hedges?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: No, fair question. I mean, I think if you look at the position where we're sitting, 30% – basically 27% to 36% hedged depending on which chunk of the portfolio, coal and nuke or total, you know, I think that we're saying that this thing has some room to run, so we're only 27% hedged. Now, I will say that we've seen a nice price rally since the summer and there's plenty of expectation that the PUCT, later today, may make some changes to the ORDC pricing mechanics and we're hopeful that they do because newbuilds are either being pushed off or cancelled. So, something needs to happen and we – I encourage the PUCT to take action.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Praful, and let me just add; in 2020 we are 70% open. I think that should give you an indication, our view in the Texas market. We continue to see that is very constructive, but we want to be prudent. We saw a pretty significant increase in 2020 on prices. We reacted to it, we were opportunistic, we laid out some hedges, but keep in mind, we're still 70% open.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. That's helpful. And then just on capital allocation more broadly, clearly there is both a growth opportunity and a potential to buy back shares. From a growth perspective, is Retail the only direction you see or are there other avenues of growth that we should be thinking about, that will hit your return thresholds that you could also kind of look at?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: I mean there is – we see multiple avenues. I mean, clearly the one that has been getting more headlines is Retail, just because of the value proposition where Retail is today, the implied valuations that we have, and the fact that we can actually put it in our Retail business that is scalable. So, we can achieve significant cost synergies. But we see opportunities in other areas, we're evaluating them particularly on the business – business solutions side, working with our customers, and the one thing that I will say is Generation perhaps is limited, given the very long-term nature of the investments and the fact that we have – we're adhering to our capital allocation principles. So, I would characterize it that way and that informs more or less where we start we're looking at – where we are looking at possible opportunities.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Super helpful. Thank you, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. First up, Kirk, I guess just wanted to clarify the slide 12 numbers you gave us, as you walked from the pro forma to the actual guidance for 2018. So, if I read that right, there's about $145 million of EBITDA that you're adding back in for the BETM and so on and so forth, but the midpoint of the two adjusted guidances only went up by $55 million. So, what am I missing there in that math?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: I think the way that you've summarized that is effectively correct, right? Nominally speaking, you have a significant – a more significant increase, but thinking about it – and perhaps this is where you're going – thinking about – ignoring the nonrecurring elements, right? When I talk about nonrecurring elements, I'm talking about Agua Caliente, I'm talking about the BETM, the Boston Energy Trading business, which still is reflected in our numbers even though it was sold intra-year. Yeah, you've got about $50 million of sort of same-store outperformance, which is why I characterize it as towards the upper half of our previous range on an apples-to-apples basis, right? That was part of the reason why I unpacked that because, nominally speaking, relative to the $1.6 billion pro forma, it looks like $150 million higher, but when you adjust that for the asset sales, your number is probably the right way to think about that on a same-store basis – if that makes sense, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. But then, Kirk, if you take it to your next column, the updated and narrowed guidance column, you know, that number – shouldn't that – if you took the column before that, this previous guidance adjustment column, and moved right, shouldn't that have gone up by that $140 million that you're adding in there?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: No, it's the opposite.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. I'll come back to you guys on that.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. I know we'd get a follow-up call, but I'm happy to try to make that clearer.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. A separate question; I know that, obviously, you guys are not giving 2020 guidance here, but just in the context of your net debt EBITDA targets, certainly on the 2019 numbers, you're hitting those targets as the way you've laid out to us, but if this backwardation in the forward curve continues even with the margin enhancement improvement, I mean the sense is directionally 2020 EBITDA is slightly lower than 2019. So, does that figure into your calculations thinking about net debt to EBITDA if you were to use a 2020 denominator versus 2019, and how you might think about capital allocation in 2019 and maybe lay down more debt than you're currently showing us? Is that a fair way to think about this dynamic?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: I know the direction you're coming from. A couple of things of note, right. As I mentioned, you got $80 million of margin enhancement from 2019 to 2020. That's $135 million of margin enhancements in the 2019 number, going to $215 million in 2020, right? That's $240 million of debt capacity right there and I think we'll sort of take that as it comes going forward, but certainly, that provides a pretty significant cushion having achieved that in 2019 to get to that 3 times net debt to EBITDA ratio. But I don't feel at all that we're going to need to allocate additional capital to maintain the 3 times. As Mauricio said, we will always continue to reevaluate the three as we move forward. So, my bias would believe – would be if there is any additional delevering, it would be by our choice as opposed to, for a lack of a better phrase, by necessity in terms of just maintaining the three times, if that makes sense.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That makes sense. Yes. Last question, Mauricio, as you look at all this excess capital that you are accumulating and as you said, the growth opportunities are fairly limited, Retail right now makes sense, but there isn't that much Retail; if we keep going down this road, and I'm not just talking 2019, but longer-term, is there a scenario where you just buy out and you know, just take the company private? I mean if you keep buying back stock with excess capital, where do we end then?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well – I mean I think our focus right now, like I said in the past, is to execute on our transformation plan and then as we laid out the long-term strategy of the company, it's very compelling. This is where we believe we can create maximum shareholder value. I will tell you, as you just mentioned, the excess capital that we have, and it's a – it's going to be – it's a priority for the board and for us, how to allocate this capital. I've said it on the call and I will reiterate that again, from where our stock is valued today, it does not reflect the fundamental value and buying back our stock is still the most compelling opportunity. So, this is where we're focused and as we progress in 2019, if we see opportunities, if we see other alternatives, we always have to look at them through the prism and through the barometer of the implied returns that we have in our own stock. So, we believe that we're on the right track, we have the right priorities, we're executing well, we have the right team and I'm just very pleased where the company is going.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mauricio Gutierrez for any closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Joelle. Well, I want to thank you all for your interest in NRG. Look forward to talking to you in the future. Thank you and have a great weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc. Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc. Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc. Elizabeth R. Killinger - NRG Energy, Inc. Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to NRG Energy Inc.'s Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be provided at that time. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc.: Great. Thank you, James. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's second quarter 2018 earnings call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statement made on this call, that may pertain to NRG Yield, will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation, as well as risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligations to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. And now, with that, I'll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. Joining me this morning is Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. And also, on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail Mass business; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. I'd like to start with the key messages for the second quarter on slide 3. Our business performed exceptionally well during the quarter with earnings up 23% from the same period last year. We are making excellent progress on our Transformation Plan initiatives and we are on track to hit all targets. Finally, our portfolio is demonstrating once again the value of integration between retail and generation during the volatile summer months, particularly in Texas. I am very pleased with our results so far, and I am confident we are well positioned for the rest of the summer and beyond. So, now moving on to the highlights of the quarter on slide 4. As you can see on the left-hand side of the slide, we delivered $843 million of EBITDA during the second quarter, driven primarily by higher realized prices in Texas, higher retail loads, and the impact of accretive cost-savings. Kirk will provide additional color on our results and the impact on our credit metrics. For the first half of the year, our business has performed exceptionally well, but with the warmest and historically most volatile months still ahead of us, we are maintaining our 2018 EBITDA guidance range of $2.8 billion to $3 billion. And as has been our practice, we will update our 2018 guidance and initiate 2019 guidance on the third quarter call. During the quarter, we also completed our first $500 million share buyback in which we repurchased almost 16 million shares at an average price of $31.80 per share. Our commitment to returning shareholder capital continues, and we are on track to execute on our second $500 million share buyback following the close of either NRG Yield and Renewables or our South Central portfolio. I also want to highlight the progress we have made on GenOn, which continues to move forward towards final resolution. In July, we executed a settlement in which we received associated releases from GenOn. And on August 15, we will terminate shared services. GenOn is planning to exit bankruptcy on October 1 of this year. We are also making significant progress on our Transformation Plan, which you can see by our scorecard on slide 5. During the quarter, we removed an additional $145 million of costs, bringing our savings through the end of June to $225 million and placing us well on the path to achieving our 2018 target. We also continue to make progress on our margin enhancement program. You will begin to see the results of this program on our scorecard during the second half of 2018 with the results really ramping up in 2019 and 2020. Both of our cost savings and our margin enhancement efforts remain on track for their current year and full plan targets. As you know, asset sales remain a key focus for the organization. We closed on the sale of Boston Energy Trading and Marketing or BETM and our Spanish Town asset, while reaching an agreement to sell our interest in two additional assets, Keystone and Conemaugh. We actually had anticipated selling these assets in 2019 but we were able to accelerate this timeline and execute on the opportunity to monetize these assets ahead of schedule. Our NRG Yield sales process is moving along very well. We have received all necessary regulatory approvals and are finalizing the consents. We are making every attempt to bring this to conclusion as swiftly as possible and are working hard to make this a third-quarter close. The sale of our South Central portfolio is also making good progress, and we continue to expect that this transaction will close in the second half of this year. Although we are in the middle of the summer in Texas, I wanted to provide you a brief update on the positioning of our integrated model on slide 6. And as you all know, ERCOT supply/demand balance is the tightest it has been in many, many years. Following the retirement of nearly 5 gigawatts in the past 12 months and steady load growth. This market tightening led to an increased probability of scarcity conditions this summer, which was reflected in higher forward prices. So far, demand has not disappointed, setting a new record peak of over 73 gigawatts in July. However, this record load was met with equally impressive reliability across the grid, which temper real-time pricing as you can see on the left-hand side of the slide. In other words, it took nearly perfect system-wide reliability to meet the summer peak demand. Now, our generation fleet perform exceedingly well during this period, driven by the extensive planning and preparation we put going into the summer. I would like to commend our operational teams for achieving excellent results and having no recordable injuries during this recent heat wave. We also took measures to ensure the stability of our retail business. This included leveraging our integrated approach with generation to help manage supply cost and proactively helping our customers manage their bills. These tight market conditions in Texas also created longer term opportunities to ensure (00:08:26) the predictability of our earnings. We took advantage of higher prices and executed power hedges at attractive levels for the summers of 2019 and 2020. This is exactly the period that saw the majority of price increases. We also took the opportunity to hedge our shoulder months and off-peak periods with natural gas as a proxy for power in those same years. I mean, this summer so far has showcased the strength of our integrated model with complementary businesses that increase the predictability of our earnings. As I said before, we're only halfway through the summer and historically, the more volatile months are still ahead of us. So, we all at NRG remain focused across the organization on ensuring a successful summer. Now, moving to our market outlook and starting with ERCOT on slide 7. Much like this summer, the longer term outlook for ERCOT fundamentals remain very strong. As you can see on the left-hand chart, on a weather-normalized basis, total loads remain very robust and growing and continues to grow at 2% per year. This is a dynamic we don't expect to change anytime soon. We also continue to see project delays of new generation anywhere between three to five years. And given that forward prices remain below new build economics, we also don't anticipate this dynamic to change in the near term. So, bottom line, and for the foreseeable future, we expect tight reserve margins in ERCOT with higher probability of scarcity pricing and greater volatility as the system works to stay in balance. These conditions create an opportunity for both sides of our business and highlight the longer-term value of our integrated approach, as you can see on the right-hand side of the slide. Our retail business is in a stronger position relative to other players in the market due to the integration with generation and a scalable customer acquisition and retention engine. Increasing loads means an increased opportunity for new customers while potential volatility creates opportunities to take market share from other competitors. And our generation business benefits from higher prices with greater opportunities to hedge the portfolio at attractive levels. Also, higher hedged prices allows us to invest in our fleet to achieve higher reliability, increase the predictability of our earnings, and mitigate the impact of volatility on our retail business. Now, onto the East on slide 8. PJM held its capacity auction for the planning year 2021-2022 this past May. The results reflected less new builds and significant amounts of unclear capacity, signaling more disciplined development and bidding behavior. As you can see on the left-hand side of the slide, on a same-store basis, NRG cleared more megawatts at higher prices than the previous auction. As we continue to optimize the fleet, we will focus on maintaining our assets in premium locations. We now have 85% of our PJM fleet in the premium ComEd zone, which, once again, separated to clear at a price of $196 per megawatt day. Throughout the East, we are encouraged by the multiple regulatory avenues for market reform that could benefit both our generation and retail businesses. For example, FERC recently committed to protecting PJM's capacity market against the impact of state-driven subsidized generation. It's clear to us that FERC wants to see the true cost of all resources reflected into the market by putting a price floor on subsidized generation. This is a strong and clear pro-competitive position coming out of FERC. As part of this process, FERC also requested additional comments on the possibility of carving out low and subsidized generation from the market. This is referred to as the Fixed Resource Requirement or FRR. We believe these requests for comments and the idea of taking single units out of the market is counter to the spirit of FERC's ruling. We remain confident that FERC will act consistent with the pro-market principles communicated in its recent orders and either fix the FRR, to ensure that it does not negatively impact price formation, or perhaps rejected in its entirety. That said, details matter and we're looking forward to actively engaging on this issue both with PJM and FERC. So, with that, I will turn it over to Kirk for our financial summary.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning first to the financial summary you'll find on slide 10. For the second quarter, NRG delivered $843 million in adjusted EBITDA, which is a 23% increase over the prior year. Our strong second quarter results were driven primarily by higher power prices and retail load in Texas and further enhanced by the impact of cost reductions across the organization as we continue our progress on the Transformation Plan. And for the first half of the year, NRG has delivered nearly $1.4 billion in adjusted EBITDA and our cost improvement program is only now beginning to hit its stride. Although we're very pleased with these year-to-date results and the summer prices in ERCOT continued to show strength, we are nonetheless maintaining our 2018 guidance ranges of $2.8 billion to $3 billion in EBITDA and $1.55 billion to $1.75 billion in free cash flow. I will note however that our first half results, combined with our outlook for the balance of the year, currently plays to our expectations for 2018, well above the midpoint of our guidance range. And we will update and narrow these ranges on our third quarter call. At that time, we'll also provide guidance for 2019, which will include the impact of more robust targets for cost savings and margin enhancements, with nearly $200 million in additional EBITDA expected from these initiatives in 2019 versus our 2018 targets. As Mauricio mentioned earlier, we've also completed phase one of our $1 billion share buyback program with 15.7 million shares repurchased at a price – average price of $31.80. We remain highly focused on closing our two large asset sale transactions, and we'll launch in the second half of that $1 billion share repurchase program following the first of these two transactions to close, which is likely to be the sale of NRG Yield and Renewables later this quarter. During the second quarter, we also completed the issuance of $575 million in new convertible notes with a coupon of 2.75%. By repurchasing an equivalent amount of NRG senior unsecured notes, NRG's aggregate debt balance will be unchanged, and we expect approximately $20 million in annual interest savings, further augmenting free cash flow as we retire shorter-dated and higher-coupon maturities. To this end, we've already repurchased $89 million of senior unsecured notes of varying maturities to-date and have recently provided notice to repurchase $486 million of the 2022 notes, our nearest maturities, which will mark the completion of the senior note refinancing associated with the convertible issuance. As a reminder, we've also targeted $640 million of debt reduction, which we expect to complete later this year in order to achieve our 3 times net-debt-to-EBITDA target ratio. And finally, this quarter, we successfully closed on the settlement with GenOn, which accelerated a significant portion of the items set forth in the original Restructuring Support Agreement, including the $261 million settlement payment by NRG and the repayment by GenOn of the intercompany revolver, which were previously expected to take place at emergence. With the financial commitments associated with the GenOn bankruptcy now largely behind us and GenOn well advanced in its (00:17:40) efforts, GenOn is targeting an emergence from bankruptcy early in the fourth quarter. Next, I'd like to take a few moments to update our pro forma financial summary, which you'll find on slide 11. As a reminder, this summary is based on the midpoint of our consolidated 2018 guidance and provides a view of 2018 EBITDA and free cash flow from retained businesses, net of any contribution for businesses and assets we are selling as a part of the Transformation Plan. On the left side of the slide under the heading, prior pro forma, we start with the pro forma 2018 summary we provided on our last earnings call. Next, two second-quarter events gave rise to the need to adjust our pro forma view. First, the restructuring of the Ivanpah non-recourse project debt; and the amendment of some of the project's governing documents during the second quarter resulted in a change in the accounting treatment for Ivanpah. As a result, as of the second quarter, Ivanpah is no longer consolidated in NRG's financial statements but will appear as an equity investment. On a fully consolidated basis, Ivanpah's contribution to the midpoint of our EBITDA range was approximately $100 million. The impact of deconsolidation is the elimination of our partner's 45% share of Ivanpah EBITDA, leaving approximately $55 million of EBITDA from Ivanpah, reflecting only NRG's 55% stake in our revised pro forma. Importantly, aside from the impact of the income statement and adjusted EBITDA, Ivanpah's total non-recourse debt of approximately $1.1 billion will no longer appear on NRG's consolidated balance sheet. Turning to the second adjustment to our pro forma view, with the closing of the XOOM acquisition, we are adding the annualized expected EBITDA of $45 million from XOOM to the retail portion of our pro forma EBITDA. Of note, this is an annualized number for XOOM on a pro forma basis while the actual contribution for XOOM to our 2018 results will be a partial year, reflecting EBITDA only for the second half of the year. The EBITDA adjustment for deconsolidation of Ivanpah is offset by the addition of the annualized EBITDA for XOOM and, as a result, our total pro forma adjusted EBITDA remains $1.6 billion. The impact of Ivanpah's deconsolidation is limited to EBITDA and, as a result, the $45 million increase from EBITDA from XOOM is reflected in our revised pro forma consolidated free cash flow before growth, which is now approximately $1.05 billion. And finally, as I've noted previously, our pro forma EBITDA and free cash flow are based on the midpoint of 2018 guidance, which includes the impact of the 2018 Transformation Plan targets. Beyond 2018, we expect an additional $275 million of annual adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow by 2020 as the Transformation Plan reaches its final targets. Turning to slide 12 for a very brief update on 2018 capital allocation. Our 2018 capital available as well as our committed capital items are largely unchanged from the previous update. The only exception on the allocation front is having now settled most of the financial aspects of the GenOn bankruptcy, our capital outlay for GenOn has been reduced by $18 million to $160 million. As shown in the dotted box below the chart, the only capital allocation item associated with the GenOn settlement, which remains to be paid, is our annual pension contribution of approximately $14 million, which will take place in the second half of this year. As a result of both the reduction in committed capital towards GenOn, as well as the receipt of $12 million in proceeds from smaller asset sales previously not expected to occur until 2019, our remaining 2018 unallocated capital, shown on the far right, has increased by approximately $30 million, resulting in approximately $700 million in 2018 capital remaining to be allocated. Finally, on slide13, we've again provided the 2018 pro forma net debt to EBITDA calculation as well as the walk to our 2020 ratio, all based on our 2018 pro forma EBITDA. This calculation is based on revised pro forma EBITDA, which I reviewed earlier, and is largely unchanged from our previous disclosure. The adjustment for Ivanpah is now smaller due to the impact of deconsolidation. As a reminder, in 2018, we are temporarily reserving just over $1 billion in cash in order to achieve our 3 times net debt to EBITDA, and we expect this cash will be made available for capital allocation beyond 2018 as the additional EBITDA from the Transformation Plan initiatives, again beyond 2018, allows us to free up this cash by 2020 while still maintaining that important 3 times net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Having previously focused exclusively on 3 times net debt-to-EBITDA ratio established with the Transformation Plan in these updates, this quarter, we're also providing two additional key credit metrics: adjusted cash from operations to net debt, as well as the cash interest coverage ratio to provide you a more complete picture of the strength of our balance sheet and credit profile. Although we remain a BB-rated company, this rating does not fully reflect the strength of these credit metrics. With consistent execution continuing to demonstrate the strength and resiliency of our integrated platform, supported by our improved and simplified balance sheet, I believe we have the opportunity to earn and improve credit rating. And with that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio for his closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kirk. Turning to slide 16, I want to provide you with a few closing thoughts on our 2018 priorities and expectations. We continue to deliver solid financial and operational results while remaining on track with all of our cost and margin targets under our Transformation Plan. Our integrated platform is working as designed through the volatile summer months and remains well-positioned for tight market conditions in the future. As I said, winning the summer and closing on our announced asset sales is our most immediate focus. I look forward to updating you on our progress and providing you more clarity on our capital location as we move into the second half of the year. So, with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. James, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our first question will come from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning. How are you?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good. Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So, I wanted to follow up here on the asset sale progress. Just wanted to get a little bit of clarity. First, with respect to the next round of buybacks and capital allocation, would you expect to potentially provide that prior to the next third quarter call, seeing a timeline potentially on an expedited basis to close some of these larger transactions? And then, separately, with respect to the asset sales, how do you think about the execution of the balance, the smaller set that have yet to be announced? Obviously, you announced the Keystone/Conemaugh stuff today. But what's the commitment level? Have you kind of reviewed the balance of the portfolio? And are you opting to hold on to some of the smaller stuff?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Julien. So let me start with the first one. I mean, we're going to launch the next round of – the next $500 million of share buyback once we close on either Yield, Renewables or our South Central portfolio. So, if that happens before our third quarter call, you will know and all the investors will know. With respect to your second question about the balance of the remaining asset sales, we're going to be providing you another update as we go through this evaluation towards the end of the year. But just keep in mind, I mean, right now, our focus is to close on these two transactions. And as we move into the year, the team is now shifting gears and evaluating the other asset that will be done for closing. Now, as you can tell, if we see an opportunity like we did with some of the asset sales that we accelerated from 2019 to 2018, we're going to do it. But I just want to make sure, I mean, all the resources that we have right now are completely focused in closing Yield and Renewables and South Central.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Understood. And then secondly, on retail, can you talk a little bit more about what you did in the quarter? You obviously alluded to it in the prepared remarks, but where does attrition stand today through kind of this period in August, and how do you think about the resiliency kind of going forward? Are you actually adding customers at this point? I mean, I'm just sort of curious.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. So, let me start by saying that retail had a phenomenal quarter in the second quarter. We had warmer-than-normal temperatures. That basically pushed our loads and load usage. Keep in mind that we also added XOOM for one month. And Business Solutions also performed well. So, it was a good quarter all around for retail. But Elizabeth, I mean, with respect to some of the attrition questions.
Elizabeth R. Killinger - NRG Energy, Inc.: Sure. Thank you, Julien. We actually saw, as you can tell by our results, customer counts up over 10%, largely driven by XOOM. We have what I would call pretty steady attrition and retention performance. There's a little bit of pressure but nothing that, I would say, is out of the ordinary or unexpected. We're really pleased with the performance of both the acquisition and the retention engine through second quarter and are looking forward to a strong third and fourth quarter as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Bottom line, on track with the targets that you delineated previously on the retail side.
Elizabeth R. Killinger - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, sir.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. Thank you, all.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Greg. Thank you.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So, there's a bit of a debate in the market, Mauricio, that I'd like to hear your perspective on. On the one hand, the lack of really, really high levels of volatility this summer despite the strong load has been disconcerting to some investors who thought that those high levels of volatility would validate the thesis on the Texas market and your long-term view on power market there. But on the other hand, the lack of massive volatility has allowed you to continue to print stable profit margins and, actually, do some really solid hedging that may or may not have been actually maybe upside relative to what you promulgated in your outlook. So, from a business perspective, what would you rather see, the conditions you have now or massive levels of volatility that put more stress on the business and potentially bring a faster new entry cycle?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Well, first is the – I think you need to look at the fundamentals in Texas. And what I was very pleased to see this summer is that demand is real. I mean, setting a new record peak of 73.3 gigawatts in July, which is not normally even the month that you'll see the most extreme weather, was very encouraging. So, when you think about the fundamental picture of ERCOT, the supply/demand and the timings (00:29:57) that exist, it hasn't changed. And actually, this summer has validated that it's here for the foreseeable future. I think what you saw this summer is just a combination of a few things. One was a very strong demand, but that strong demand was met with, like I said, perfect performance by a degree. I mean, when I say perfect performance, you have to just look at the forced outages that we had in that peak there (00:30:22), and I mean, they were quite remarkable. And also wind performed, as expected, very close to normal. So, obviously, when you have this type of a situation, yeah, I mean, real-time prices were below what people were expecting. They are not necessarily low, but they were below what people were expecting. And from my perspective, we want a market that has very strong fundamentals and that has a really good market structure on both generation and retail like the one we have in Texas, so that is the perfect combination. We don't want to see a market that is clearing too low that necessarily doesn't reflect the fundamentals of the market and that's why we have been so, I guess, frustrated over the past couple of years in ERCOT. But also, we don't want to see a situation where you have a scarcity pricing that leads to perhaps shading low, and none of those two extremes are good for our franchise. Our integrated franchise of generation and retail is somewhere in the middle. So, the most important thing is that prices reflect the fundamentals of the market. And from where I see it, the fundamentals in Texas are incredibly strong. And they're going to be very strong for the foreseeable future. I mean, even if you look at the forward prices, I mean, they've been rising, but they are not at the point that are incentivized new-build economics. So, supply continues to be delay on new generation. Demand, we just saw that it was very strong. So, I mean, I want to see a market that is well-functioning, not that is bouncing on either side of the extremes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you. And are you in a position now to tell us where inside the guidance range you're trending year-to-date? Or is the rest of the summer just too much of a wild card, and you rather wait till Q3 to tighten the outlook?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Greg, it's Kirk. I actually gave you a little bit of that in my remarks. I anticipated that question. And what I'd said, just to repeat, is the performance year-to-date, combined with our current outlook for the balance of the year places us well above the midpoint of our current guidance range. So, (00:32:44).
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Sorry if I missed that. Apologies.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: That's okay. It's okay.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: And then, I also saw there were a couple small retail transactions in the quarter that I just – can you give us some more details on customer counts or multiples to EBITDA on those, or were they just too small to call out?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Greg. I mean, this is just the normal course of business. We actually buy books. I mean, we have an engine in Elizabeth and she's very effective in terms of identifying these opportunities. So, I wouldn't even think that they are representative of a transaction like XOOM. This is just a normal course of business. We're always looking for books that we can add to our retail business, and that's what they were.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you, guys. Take care.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thanks, Greg.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning and congratulations on solid progress across the board.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Abe. Good morning.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Based on the forward curves and your hedging today, could there be more cash available, I mean, over the next couple years above the $4.3 billion? And then, have your thoughts on capital allocation changed at all, and do you remain confident that share buybacks are the best way to get the stock high or closer to fair value?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Well, let me just start by saying that we're not going to front-run (00:34:20) our third quarter earnings call, which we're going to be providing guidance for 2019. My thoughts on share buybacks continue to be the same. And for that matter, all capital deployment, we're going to adhere strictly to our capital allocation principles. And as I see today, given where the price of our stock is, I don't think that there is any other more compelling and attractive investment than our own stock. So, until that changes, I think it's fair to assume that that's where we're going to be focusing on.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And then, shifting gears a little bit to Texas, can you discuss how you balance your hedging strategy with your fundamental view of the reserve margin and prices, particularly in 2020?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Sure. Chris Moser?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Abe. This is Chris. Yeah. So, as we're looking at 2019 and 2020, obviously, we've got a view on where things should be compared to the clears that we're seeing. But make no mistake, as we did in 2019 and 2020 when prices get to be a good level and a good level above where it was 6, 8, 12 months ago, there's a certain amount of sense that comes from kind of sweeping some of that profit off the table and that's kind of the balance and the approach that we take.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. And just to make sure, I mean, most of the hedging happen in the summer of 2019 and the summer of 2020, right, Chris?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. The hedges that were put on in Q2, the power hedges were mainly summer on peak hedges. True.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. Got it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning. So, on the on the N Yield (sic) [NRG Yield] (00:36:13) sale, you mentioned you're just finishing up getting consents. Could you be a little more specific on what consents you still need?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Good morning, Steve. Yes, I mean in the Yield and Renewables, like I said, I mean all regulatory approvals are done, consents, we're well on our way to have all of them. At this point, we're not providing any specific details in which ones are remaining but what I can tell you is that I have confidence that we're going to be in a position to close on the third quarter. That's what I will share on that, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: But we're making just great progress on the consents.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: That's great. And then just – this is just, to make it clear, the market. So, should we expect that this buyback will be announced – assuming that closes in Q3 and that's the first one, the buyback $500 million will be announced at that time?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah, not only will be announced, will be launched as soon as we close on that transaction.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Okay. And then, just in terms of the additional hedges how meaningful were they to your kind of 2019-2020 portfolio? How much more hedged are you?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah, Steve. If you look back in the Appendix, I don't – what is the page – page 21, you'll see the move there. We layered on a big chunk of natural gas equivalent hedges. Think of that as covering kind of the shoulder months and off-peak timeframe and the assets up in Chicago. And then you'll see that we did power hedging of 10% or 11% on an annual basis. But the hedge we're putting on were really more focused specifically in this summer.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. So, Steve, I mean, from a percentage standpoint, while it appears on that disclosure on an annualized basis, think of it as they were all put in the summer. So, the summer percentage was much higher than what is showing in the...
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. I mean it was the mini part of the curve, right? It was the thick part of the curve that we were trying to sell and use the liquidity that was out there. I'm very happy with the hedge we put on for 2019 and 2020.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just in that light, I mean, your three-year guidance goes all the way back to last fall. Obviously, Texas prices are meaningfully higher since then; natural might be a little lower. In the totality, though, are these hedges being put on at premiums to what your plan has been?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, Steve, just to be perfectly clear, I mean, what we provided was a pro forma based on – back then, 2017, with the impact of the Transformation Plan. And yes, I mean, if you look at the curve, all else equal, I mean, it's been a positive move. Kirk?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Steve, it's Kirk. First, overall the answer is yes. And the reason I say that is you can look no further to the fact that when we first established guidance for 2018, for example, that would be in the third quarter of the previous year, third quarter of 2017, generally speaking, our guidance is centered around the midpoint of our expectations, and those expectations are informed by what the summer prices are, in this case, in 2018 at that time. And, I think, since our pro forma view is all anchored on that 2018, the degree to which 2019 and 2020 summer prices today, for example, are higher than where 2018 summer was at the time we established our guidance, and I can tell you the answer to that question is yes and you can quantify it by looking back, that would give rise to the fact that all things being equal, that would give rise to an increase in that pro forma view since 2018 would be higher than it would 've been expected at that time. And as I said – I confirm that our expectations are well above the midpoint of our range currently for 2018.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: That's great. And one last, just quick thing on the Texas market, you mentioned a very strong plant performance and also, wind, I think being decent. Just how about demand response and how much is that impacting this in your thinking?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Sure. Chris?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. When I go back and if we look on the slide that Mauricio was talking about, I mean, load was about 500 megawatts – or just talking about the peak hour on the 19th there, load was around 500 megawatts higher or worse compared to the CERA expectation. You had generation around 1,000 megawatts better, which was just really flawless execution across the grid. And I'm happy to say we've put in some extra spring outages to be ready and that really paid off for us. We had fantastic performance from the operations group. So, anyway, so those two net out to be, give or take, 500 megawatts better than the CERA. And the CERA had around 1,000 megawatts of space in it. So, we really didn't get into the position where we needed a ton of other things to come to bear to save the market. I will say that the market – it was an interesting setup because Thursday wasn't supposed to be the high day. So, this is the 19th. It was supposed to be that following Monday, the 23rd, which was actually forecast at over 76,000 megawatts for the better part of that week. And so, I think a lot of the DR and whatnot was being prepared to be brought to bear on that Monday, and they may have missed the party a little bit because it turned out to be that Thursday was the high day.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Praful.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. So, Kirk, just to clarify, on the EBITDA guidance well above the midpoint, is that for the retained assets or is there a split between what is retained and what is being sold in terms of what's kind of driving that uptick?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, I'm not going to get specific about breaking beyond what our official guidance is, which is consolidated guidance. But if you take a step back, the big portion of the adjustment, if you will, to get to a pro forma view is a portfolio that consists of two things primarily. One being LaGen, which is kind of an integrated type of business, not to say it doesn't have upside and downside. And the bulk of what remains is Yield, which is largely contracted, relatively low volatility, right? And you can look at it because Yield provides point estimates on their own guidance, which is largely unchanged. So, I think you can infer from that, to a large degree, that outlook is anchored off of our expectations for the balance of the portfolio. But I wouldn't go so far as to give you specifics other than I think it's reasonable to infer on the basis of what I just described.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. And that's super helpful color. All right. And secondly just following up on the ERCOT and PJM question. So, firstly on ERCOT, Mauricio, do you vary that if there is no spike in ERCOT and dry signal (00:43:31) in 2018 that you reach that point whereby 2019 or 2020, you have these unsustainable reserve margins which are so low that it's actually not suitable for your business? Is there a concern of that and how do you think that gets mitigated?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, I mean, my concern is always that the prices do not reflect the fundamental view of the market. I mean, that to me is what keeps me up at night because if the prices don't reflect that, then developers, generators, we can't – perhaps we're making decisions with not the best information. Now, obviously real-time prices are just one aspect of it. I mean, you have to look at the day ahead. You have to look at the forwards, and most of the decisions are made on forward pricing. The day-ahead market is also an indication on how people get set up. And then real-time prices is what happens. I mean, so far we have been talking about real-time prices which basically was the result of perfect performance of the grid and a very strong demand. But as I think about 2019 and 2020, obviously I want to make sure that the prices are reflecting the fundamental situation in Texas. And to the extent that that lost, rational developments, rational market participants are going to react in the right way. So, that to me is the most important thing, strong fundamentals and a very strong market structure. That's what we're striving to do.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thank you. And then, finally, on PJM, as you said, I think it's clear that FERC wants to do the right thing here and create the competitive market or the right competitive marketing signals. But there's a pretty big gap between that and what the proposals are right now. Do you think there is enough time between now and January to get this done or do you think this gets pushed out to next year maybe?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: I mean, it's really hard to handicap the timing when it comes to FERC and when they're going to act. And so, I'm not going to venture into that. What I will tell you is just we have been very encouraged now for now a couple of orders on the position that FERC has taken in terms of protecting the integrity of competitive markets. If you go back to Mystic, the PJM and (00:46:10) capacity, I mean there has been a lot of consistency coming out of FERC. So, that's the data point that we have. Everything else we don't have the details, then it's a speculation. So, I don't think we will be venturing into something that we don't have enough information to even quantify. So, that's what I will say.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Really appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So, okay, I'm going to go back to the share buybacks question. So, Kirk, you're saying that now you expect excess cash of almost $700 million. It seems like you do have a line of sight for the NRG Yield transaction closing and yet you are not launching the next batch of buybacks. What am I missing here?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, everything you just described is correct. The one thing to keep in mind is outside of the asset sale proceeds, which we've given some indication about timing, our organic free cash flow generation is relatively backend loaded, right? We need to get through the summer in order to start to build that cash. So, as we come into the fall, our cash balances begin to appreciate. In the interim during the summer months, while still waiting on that cash, that also tends to be the more significant draw in liquidity, which we have ample supply of, but we have to be prepared that if we do see scarcity pricing events or the anticipation thereof in the forward market, that then entails a need for posting additional collateral. So, we have to balance the liquidity, the reality that the organic cash flow is backend-loaded, supplemented by the receipt of the asset sale proceeds which is obviously determined on closing. So, all of those factor into that timing in terms of the expectation in terms of launching Phase 2.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. But just one more follow-up here, I mean you seem to be indicating that you will be waiting for the transaction to actually close, NRG Yield I'm talking. I thought in the past we were just talking about a line of sight of that transaction and I know that it might be probably just a small difference as far as time is concerned, but I mean are you basically depending on that cash really entering your bank accounts so desperately before the buyback can kick off?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Angie, this is Mauricio. I mean, well, first, we launched the first 500 megawatts because we felt comfortable that the transactions had been announced and we were making good progress. And I was very pleased with how we performed on this first 500 megawatts. The second 500 megawatts is going to be launched when we – at close. We feel comfortable with that. And, as Kirk is saying, I mean, we have to balance when those (00:49:23) are coming in and the back-end loaded of our cash flows come in in Q3 and Q4. Particularly with the type of volatility that we're seeing in the market, it is important that we take extra precaution. And then once we do that, then on the third quarter call, what I said is any remaining capital that is available for allocation, we'll be providing that clarity. So, I think that's the sequence that you should be expecting, Angie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And my last quick question. So, you showed us the performance on your retail and generation portfolio in the second quarter. Can you say what happened in July in Texas, if that strength, especially in retail earnings, continued?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, what I will tell you is that we actually, with the benefit of the pricing that we receive in the forward markets, we got ready, both on our generation and our retail business, to perform the way we have described we performed in July. I mean, aside from that information, I don't want to front run the earnings, the third quarter earnings where we're going to be talking specifically about the summer months. But I felt it was important that many of you are investors and wanted to know just what happened in this first month. And I think what I can tell you is that we're very pleased with the performance of the fleet. I'm very pleased with how our integrated platform performed as a whole, generation and retail in the first summer months. And that's – I mean, I think that's what I'm comfortable right now sharing with. I mean, like I said, we're just in the middle of the summer. I mean, the most volatile months are still ahead of us. Historically, August and September, that's where you see a lot of high – consecutive high temperature day. So, I want to make sure that the entire organization remains focused, and there's still a lot that can happen in the next two months. And I will be providing you an update on the third quarter call on what happened this summer. But so far, I feel very good.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey guys, congrats on a good quarter and good first half of the year. I want to come back to the hedging slide a little bit, slide 22, but I'm just kind of comparing it to the same slide in the prior-quarter deck. And I'm just looking at the total forward hedged revenue number, and I'm only looking at 2019 and 2020. So, 2019, it's $1.2 billion and 2020, it's $828 million. If I look at that same slide for the first quarter, cumulatively, if I just take the differences between what you had hedged then and what you have hedged now, it's $1 billion, $600 million in one year, $400 million in 2020. Does that all just drop to the bottom line meaning that $600 million – I mean, that's $1 billion of incremental cash flow that will likely flow into NRG relative to what you may have thought or had hedged or had locked in three or four months ago.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Well, Michael, thank you and – I mean, keep in mind that this is just the top line. This is revenue. This is not gross margin. So, you have – first, you have another leg. I mean, you have to take into consideration what happened on the fuel side, right? I mean – and we haven't provided that here. And then secondly, I mean, I think as we have said, I mean, this reflects the hedging that we did, the incremental hedging that we did on both natural gas equivalents and power. So, I don't think you should have – this is an indication, this is a direction, but it's not a one-to-one drops to the bottom line. I mean, there are other things that are not captured completely in that line.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Right. But if I just think about the fuel side, I mean, we haven't seen PRB coal move a lot or lignite move a lot and I think you had probably already procured your uranium. So, it's really just – and gas prices haven't exactly spiked a ton in the last couple of months. So, unless it's just something dealing with the retail offset and maybe having retail contracts that don't just pass through the fuel clause, I would assume that at least a large portion of this incremental billion dollars would flow to you, if not all of it.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I mean, with respect to retail, keep in mind that in 2019 and 2020, I mean, any price changes affect every single retailer. So, I think the dynamic that we have seen when prices increase and benefits wholesale generation and perhaps it put some pressure on retail, that doesn't happen in 2019 and 2020 because all retailers are exposed to the same price of electricity. So, I think that addresses your concern around retail. And then with respect to – that's why we provide the sensitivities. I mean, I think the sensitivities give you a sense on how our portfolio behaves depending on the different market conditions. And I would actually – I think that's perhaps a more comprehensive way to look at the – how our portfolio will or how the changes in the prices will impact our portfolio. So, I would direct you more to the sensitivities as opposed to this one line that is very specific on revenue.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you. Much appreciated, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. With that, I will turn the conference back over to Mr. Gutierrez for closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, thank you. It was great talking to you and I look forward to continue our conversation in the third quarter call. Thank you, all.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you very much for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc. Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc. Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc. Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc. Elizabeth R. Killinger - NRG Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Ayesha. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's first quarter 2018 earnings call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes in length and is being broadcast live over the phone via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statement made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspectives. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation as well as the Risk Factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. And now, with that, I'll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Retail Mass Business; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. Before we begin today, I want to take a moment to thank those who participated in our Analyst Day just about a month ago. It was a pleasure to share our story and value proposition with so many of you. It is an exciting time for our company, and I am confident that our path forward will create value for all of our stakeholders. So now turning to slide 3, I'd like to start by highlighting the three key messages for today's presentation. First, we are reporting strong financial results for the first quarter, up 43% from last year, while continuing to make good progress on our Transformation Plan objectives. Second, our integrated platform is well positioned for upside in our markets today and well into the future. This includes our position going into the summer in ERCOT. And, third, as we committed to you, we held an Analyst Day in March where we outlined our long-term strategic vision and plan and the significant excess cash we will be able to generate in the coming years. Moving to slide 4, let me review the financial and operational results for the quarter. We have again achieved top decile safety performance. I want to thank my colleagues for keeping safety a top priority, particularly as we continue to execute on asset sales and cost savings. We are reporting first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $549 million and maintaining our full-year guidance of $2.8 billion to $3 billion. Our first quarter result is 43% higher than it was last year, primarily driven by cost savings and higher prices due to cold weather in Texas and the Northeast. Also during the quarter, we continued to execute on all parts of our Transformation Plan. We remain on track to achieve our EBITDA-accretive targets of $590 million in cost savings and $215 million in margin enhancements. Regulatory approvals for our announced asset sales are progressing well, and we expect to close these transactions in the second half of 2018. Additionally, our XOOM Energy acquisition is expected to close during the second quarter of this year. Our share buyback program is also underway. Through the end of the first quarter, we executed $93 million of share repurchases towards our $1 billion program. On the next two slides, I want to review some of the highlights from our Analyst Day, starting with the steps we're taking to strengthen our business on slide 5. Our focus is on building a business that can create value today and into the future. We achieve this by being well-positioned in attractive markets and by providing stable and predictable earnings. Given market trends, the winning platform is increasingly customer driven. This is not just an attractive but an actionable opportunity for NRG. Our core competencies have always been generating electricity and selling it to retail customers. We have unique advantages in this space and can leverage our existing strength to redefine our business and focus on meeting customer demands. Our evolution has led us to right-size our generation fleet, as shown on the left side of the slide. We are now much better balanced between expected economic generation and retail load. But importantly, we maintain additional capacity, and while today it is not economic at current prices, it can serve as a backstop to our retail business during periods of high prices. Now by becoming better balanced, we increased the predictability of our earnings, while still maintaining attractive market opportunities. We have a scalable retail business with stable margins that will now represent about 60% of our EBITDA and a generation business that is well positioned for a market recovery. Moreover, the low capital intensity of our retail business combined with efficiencies in maintenance CapEx across the fleet enables us to convert almost $0.70 of every dollar of EBITDA to cash flow. The right side of the page is an illustration of our platform, stability and off-site. As you can see, our retail earnings are fairly stable whether prices go up or down, especially when you're out. Our generation business is more directly correlated to power prices and margins increase with rising power prices and decrease with falling prices. But they don't go all the way to zero because our generation is needed today. We will be compensated either through market prices or reliability payments. So when you combine these two businesses you get the pink line on the chart, an integrated platform with little margin downside and asymmetric upside. And this profile only improves as the portfolio becomes better balanced. Now turning to slide 6 with an overview of the financial priorities discussed at our Analyst Day. Starting on the left side with the details of our $215 million margin enhancement program; we remain on track to achieve our target and 2018 is critical in setting the foundation to achieve more significant increases in 2019 and 2020. The lion's share of our targets comes from our retail mass business through two types of initiatives, value expansion and customer growth. Value expansion includes things like improving our platform, increasing retention and adding products to our current offering. Customer growth focuses on our sales channels and the digital experience. Now to support these and all of our margin enhancement efforts, we're investing $75 million of cost to achieve in our business. On the right, we highlight our capital plan, which, first and foremost, supports running our business at the highest level of safety and operational performance. After these, we are focused on executing our plan to create $8 billion of excess cash by 2022, the result of our predictable earnings, Transformation Plan impacts, and some modest growth in our retail business. As we look to allocate this cash, our decision making will follow our stated capital allocation principles. Because we are on track to achieve 3 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA by the end of this year, we have started to turn our attention to reinvesting in the business at/or above our target hurdle rate and returning capital to our shareholders. These efforts have already started with the acquisition of XOOM and the announcement of our $1 billion share buyback. So, before I leave our Analyst Day discussion, I want to summarize this conversation by putting in perspective just how much cash our strengthened platform can generate. For purely illustrative purposes, if we were to put our excess cash through 2022 into reinvestment at our target hurdle rate, it would more than double our free cash flow before growth from $1 billion today to $2.6 billion in 2022. Now, if we were to put our $8 billion of excess cash into share buybacks, we would be buying back 80% of our market cap today. I don't believe there are many businesses with this sort of financial flexibility, and we are fully committed to being excellent stewards of your capital as we continue to evolve and execute our plan. Now, moving to our markets, I'm starting with ERCOT on slide 7. Over the past few years, we highlighted the significant risk of retirements and the slowdown in new build, given persistent low power prices. Last year, we finally saw the retirement of about 4,200 megawatts of uneconomic coal generation, which tightened reserve margins. As a result, we are entering this summer with the lowest reserve margin on record at around 10%. Prices have responded accordingly with summer on-peak prices currently trading at about $150 per megawatt hour. Moving to the right side of the slide, our generation portfolio in ERCOT is well-positioned and leaning long for the balance of 2018, with only 74% of expected generation hedged. On the retail side, we are a little over 100% hedged against our contracted or priced-load for the balance of 2018. For this summer specifically, I feel very good about our position and the steps that we have taken to ensure our business is well-positioned for high prices. So, first, let's talk about our generation fleet. We are leaning long going into the summer. We have worked hard this spring outage season to ensure our units can withstand increased run times, given the expectation of high prices. And we have purchased outage insurance to mitigate the impact of unplanned outages. Second, our retail business, and as a matter of policy, is fully hedged against our priced-retail load. This is made up of not only internal hedges where we cross generation and retail, but also by market purchases. And as we have done in the past, we have purchased out of the money options to manage against high loads and high price conditions. Finally, we are working proactively to educate our customers and provide them with options and tools to manage their energy bills. I am very comfortable with the steps we have taken to strengthen and position our integrated business to benefit from upside this summer should prices materialize. So now turning to the east on slide 8; the PJM capacity auction for planning year 2021-2022 will be held later this month, and I wanted to briefly provide a few observations. Last auction saw a slowdown in new bills and over 7 gigawatts of announced retirements added to the PJM deactivation list this year. But there is still uncertainty on how these will play out in terms of market tightening. As you are aware, some generators are seeking compensation for plants that are not needed for reliability and not economically viable. While some entities are grasping a bailout in the short run, we see capacity rationalization as a necessary first step towards a healthy market. And we are confident that there will be continued support for the competitive market value proposition. Beyond PJM, our risk portfolio is well positioned given our fuel diversity and location near low pockets. We remain optimistic about the continued calls to action for pricing reform across markets, and we will continue our work with regulators and stakeholders to maintain the integrity and well-functioning of competitive markets. With that I will turn it over to Kirk for our financial summary.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to the financial summary you'll find on slide 10, first quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $549 million, which is a $164 million improvement over the first quarter of last year. Generation renewables delivered $172 million in adjusted EBITDA during the quarter. Our retail and yield contributed $188 million and $189 million respectively. Our strong first quarter results were driven primarily by higher power prices and retail load in Texas. Those results were further enhanced by the impact of cost reductions across the organization, as we continue our progress on the Transformation Plan. Although first quarter results were strong and summer prices in ERCOT remain robust, given we're still only a few months into 2018 with the summer still ahead of us, we're maintaining our 2018 guidance ranges of $2.8 billion to $3 billion in EBITDA and $1.55 billion to $1.75 billion in free cash flow. During the first quarter, NRG successfully re-priced our $1.9 billion term loan, reducing the LIBOR spread by 50 basis points to $175 million over, which will generate annual cash savings of approximately $9 million. Additionally, as I mentioned at Analyst Day, we've also entered into an agreement with a third party to sell our Canal 3 project, a transaction which will enhance 2018 capital available for allocation by approximately $130 million. And shortly after Analyst Day, we also completed the sale of Buckthorn Solar to NRG Yield, closing the first of several Transformation Plan asset sales we had announced in early February. And finally, we made good progress in the quarter on our share repurchase program, which was launched in early March following our earnings call and the subsequent announcement of changes to our board of directors. Through the first quarter, we exsiccated approximately $93 million of the $500 million share repurchase program at an average price of $29.75. We continue to actively repurchase shares in the market, and we'll provide an update on our progress on our second quarter call. We will also update intended timing for the second $500 million installment of share repurchases once we have closed a more substantial portion of the asset sales we had announced last February. Turning to slide 11, our expected 2018 NRG-level capital allocation is unchanged from the update we provided at Analyst Day. As a brief reminder, our 2018 remaining capital available taking into account both midpoint free cash flow and asset sale proceeds to net of previously-announced commitments including share repurchases, that remaining balance still stands at $668 million. And as I highlighted at Analyst Day, this amount is $55 million higher than our fourth quarter update as the pending sale of Canal 3 as well as the reduction in our cash reserve to ensure we hit our credit ratio target more than offset the $210 million we allocated towards the purchase of XOOM. Finally, on slide 12, taking into account the pro forma EBITDA impact of the XOOM acquisition and including both our minimum cash of $500 million as well as the revised 2018 debt reserve of $1.065 billion, we remain on track to achieve our target 3 times net debt-to-EBITDA ratio by the end of 2018. Turning to a pro forma 2020 view of our ratios based on midpoint 2018 guidance and including the incremental contribution of $275 million in EBITDA from Transformation Plan savings and margin enhancements beyond 2018, we are also on track to maintain that target ratio through 2020. The combination of both the $275 million in additional Transformation Plan EBITDA and the elimination of adjustments for Midwest Generation, which are associated currently with the capacity monetization transaction, allows us to maintain that target ratio in 2020 without the need for additional cash reserve to do so. Beyond 2018, we expect that $1.065 billion in temporary cash reserve to be completely released. With that cash in turn being available for reinvestment or additional capital return to our shareholders. In the lower right of the slide, our pro forma 2020 excess cash including that release of the reserve and the ongoing robust free cash flow is over $4.3 billion. With that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio for his closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kirk. Now, turning to slide 14, I want to provide you with a few closing thoughts on our 2018 priorities and expectations. We remain focused on delivering on our Transformation Plan objectives. We are making good progress on completing our announced asset sales, and I look forward to providing you with updates relating to these transactions as we move into the second half of the year. We also continue to move closer to the final resolution of GenOn, which is expected to emerge from bankruptcy in 2018. And finally, our Analyst Day provided a longer-term strategic discussion of our business. Our path forward will generate significant excess cash by leveraging our strengths, capitalizing on market trends and making execution of our Transformation Plan our number one priority. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Ayesha, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, congratulations.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Julien. Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. So, perhaps just to kick it off, let's focus on ERCOT, seeing that where on the press this is summer here. Can you give us a little bit more commentary on how you think about your sensitivity? I know you released some kind of generic ones in the appendix here, but can you talk a little bit more about how you think about the potential upside in the 2018? You haven't updated that for a little bit here. You also cautioned that you're purchasing insurance and other things. I mean, should we think about the sensitivities here for 2018 as being fairly linear or is there sort of a capping out with collars and things like that? And then maybe a second question, at the same time, I'll throw it to you is, can you talk about the backwardation in the curve in 2019 and 2020 and just what you're seeing out there in terms of trends of new supply? Clearly, in recent weeks, we've seen some unmothballing of assets and things like that, so to be curious for an update.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Sure. Well, let me tackle the first one and then I'll turn it over to Chris. So, there's a few things that we did this time around on the earnings slides. The first is we provided you a position report specifically for Texas, which in the past we haven't done and we wanted to do that. So, people would at least have a view in terms of for balance of the year how we're positioned. Obviously, for competitive reasons, we cannot provide a breakdown month-by-month. Now, what we – like I said in the call, I mean, I feel very comfortable because we're actually going into the summer long. I'm not going to tell you how much, but we are. And we have complemented that with other things like additional insurance for any operational risk that we have. As a matter of fact, we have done that before. It has worked out very well for us and we just continue to do that going forward. The second thing is we provided also the sensitivities on the appendix and a change in terms of prices from where we set the guidance and where the market is today. I think if you use the sensitivities and our open position, you will get very close to where we actually at least expected prices will be paid. Obviously, we have to see how the summer plays out. Hopefully, with these two additional elements, you can at least have an idea of where, I would say, on a mark-to-market we would look like. But obviously, we have to wait for how things develop in Texas. Now, to your second question about the backwardation on the curve, Chris?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. It's obviously backwardated with $150 for this summer and then a $125-ish for 2019. Quite frankly, I still think 2019 has room to come up and we're pretty well set up for that with plenty of open space out in 2019 still. When the final CERA came out a couple of days ago, it did show things were 500 megawatts better than we thought, to your point mostly because of a couple of units that came back, Barney Davis was one. That was around 300 megawatts. Gibbons Creek I think was always in the numbers or at least was no surprise to the market that one was expected to come back. So, there was a little bit of move there for this summer. Interestingly though, if you go look at 2019, the reserve margin actually went down some. It was 11.7% I think in the last CERA and this CDR came out at about 11%. What they did there was they actually reduced load by 500 megawatts, and then actually reduced generation by 1,000 megawatts. So it's kind of going the wrong direction for them in 2019 with some of these assets (25:51), for instance, actually pushing back three years from 2019 to 2022, I think, was the was the most recent number there. So, we have to see how that works. I mean, obviously, part of the issue with the backwardation is going to impact that new build situation. I mean, we don't think at this point that it's high enough or long enough to incent new build, and we're hoping that the irrational new build is a thing of the past.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. And I think just if you look at our position for 2019 and 2020, we're pretty open.
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Very open.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: And we expect that backwardation will correct itself. Obviously, everybody is waiting to see how this summer plays out. But fundamentally, we believe 2019 and 2020 to have a lot more room, and we're well positioned for that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. And then just a quick little detail here on the structure of the buyback program. Just curious, the amount purchased of late just versus the target, you're still firmly committed to executing against the full number by the end of the year?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Julien. I mean, my expectation is that we will be executing the $1 billion by end of 2018.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Abe. Good morning.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Shifting to the cost cuts, is the $80 million that you did in Q1, is that all recurring? So will that just translate to $320 million by the end of the year? And then just a follow-up to that is where do you expect the balance of the cost cuts to come from?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. So, the first – yeah, the $80 million is recurring. I think you were extrapolating that and multiplying by four. I think that's incorrect. I mean, we're going to see a ramp-up on cost savings as we go into the second and third quarter particularly, as you know, we have more clarity and visibility on the asset sales processes, and we continue to streamline the organization. So, I think what you should expect is a ramp-up as we go into Q2, Q3 and the end of the year, I mean. So, that's what I would caution you not to extrapolate the $80 million as you did. And then what was your last question?
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That was the – you answered both of them with that. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Okay, great.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. If your phone is on mute, please unmute it. Our next question is from Greg Gordon with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: A couple of my key questions were answered. The first one is – that hasn't been answered is looking at the performance of the retail segment in the quarter. It looks like you guys did phenomenally well in terms of not just EBITDA, but in terms of adding customer counts, but you're not necessarily counting that towards your sort of margin enhancement initiatives, right? That's coming from just underlying organic tailwinds. Can you maybe talk a little bit more about what you're seeing there?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. So, let me start and then I'll turn it over to Elizabeth. I mean, first, I think the result of Q1 is it was driven by the cost savings. I mean, you're starting to see the benefit of our cost savings initiative. Number two, if you'll remember, we had a very cold January, loads were pretty healthy in Texas and the Northeast. And so that basically drove two things; higher usage and in combination with cost savings, we were able to put these numbers for retail. Now, Elizabeth, I don't know if you have any additional comments or color in terms of the customer.
Elizabeth R. Killinger - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Thank you, Mauricio, and thank you for the question. What I would say is the results for the first quarter versus first quarter last year, Mauricio touched on, they're split pretty evenly between lower operating cost, increased margin, and weather. And if you look at that and you think about, well, why is that not showing up in the margin enhancement for the program, it's because those numbers are net of operating expenses. So, we're making those investments. We are seeing increases in gross margin from some of the activities, but we're counting Transformation results on a net basis, not a gross basis. So, you'll continue to see that. And you're right on it being a large portion of the underlying engine that's creating that. And year-over-year, we have just over 45,000 customer count increase versus first quarter last year and also a couple of thousand in customer count growth just between year-end and now.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Kirk, any chance you can give us an insight into how many shares you've repurchased since the books closed on the quarter?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Greg, all I will tell you is that we're continuing to execute on buyback since the quarter end, and we're pleased with the progress, moving along nicely. That's all the level of detail that I'm going to share at this stage, but we'll certainly update when we get to the second quarter call.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you. Last question, you indicated in the release that part of the first quarter revenue result in the generation business was sale of NOx credits. Can you just tell us how much that was and whether we should consider that sort of a one-off or whether that's something that could be more built into a periodic ability to make ongoing sales?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Sure. Directionally, what I'd tell you is I think you probably find this in the details in our press release around the Gulf Coast region. I think we had a $57 million quarter-over-quarter increase and I'd think about that as being roughly 60%/40% NOx credits versus prices.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah, we had...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Sorry. Go ahead.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: No. I was just going to say that we've got a decent bank of those and while we don't have a staged programmatic program to roll those out. When we when we see good numbers, we may move some from here and there.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Mauricio, a question on Texas, there's the old adage that the best cure for high prices are high prices. Just curious what your level of concern is regarding the price moves incentivizing new forms of generation and that doesn't necessarily have to be peaking or combined cycle gas. It could be significantly more than expected amounts of utility scale solar end of the market.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Okay. So, Michael, I mean, your question is the, what kind of pricing we need to see to incentivize new capital going into the market. I'm just trying to understand what...
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. I'm trying to get your view on whether you see an increase or a ramp in activity related to either new gas-fired generation coming back into Texas or significantly more amounts of utility scale solar coming to supply that high peak price?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Okay, got it. Well, I mean, the first thing is we need to see not only high prices to incentivize new capital going into the market but also, not only high prices but long enough so people feel comfortable making 20 year, 25 year investment decisions. So far, what we have seen is only the expectation on one summer of high prices and we just talked about the backwardation that exists in the curve in 2019. So what we need to see in an energy-only market, price is everything. It provides the right signal and incentive for developers and companies to start putting capital to work in that market. So, you need to see two things, you need to see them high enough and you need to see them long enough to attract this capital investment. Now, we are not seeing actually the contrary and we've been talking about it, the slowdown on new generation is very real and you can still see it in the latest CDR or CERA report that Texas put out. And I think Chris already mentioned some of these units are being pushed out one or two years. With respect to other technologies, I don't see that really taking off only with one year of high prices. I mean, they basically follow the same behavior as any combined cycle. I don't see Texas putting a program of out-of-market payments to see whether it's battery storage or other technologies like that. I mean, Texas has been very clear and ERCOT has been very clear in competitive market signals in energy-only market. And we just need to make sure that we just let it work.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. One quick follow-up. Does your analytical team believe outside of the retirements in PJM that have been announced already? There is another significant wave of retirements coming assuming no incremental subsidies versus what's already been announced.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Chris?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey, Michael. This is Chris. If I remember right, I think that the amount of unclear generation in the last auction boarded on 18,000. So, I think just doing the quick math I think that leans you towards, yeah, you probably got some other units out there that are teetering on the brink.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Mauricio, in your comments, you had talked about the various puts and takes, pluses and minuses for the upcoming PJM capacity auction, ComEd and EMAAC specifically. At least when you put it all together, and I know bidding behavior obviously is impossible to map out from the outside, but generally speaking, your expectation because of the retirements that we should see some better pricing perhaps this year versus what we saw last year?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, I mean, I'm not going to speculate specifically on the pricing on the next capacity auction versus the 2021. What I will tell you and I think what we tried to put here are some of the big market drivers. Obviously, the retirements and the additional – I think we said a little over 7 gigawatts, close to 7.5 gigawatts have been added to the deactivation list. But obviously, that is uncertain because of all these out-of-market conversations that are happening today. Now, I am encouraged by seeing FERC and the different ISOs to take a very specific stance in terms of the protection of competitive markets and making sure that they don't negatively impact those markets. Now, I don't know what's going to happen in the next auction in terms of the slowdown in new builds. All we're saying is that in the last auction, we saw almost half of the new builds that we have seen in the last three years. And if that continues well, you can see that as a perhaps as a positive catalyst along with the retirements if they happen. On the other hand, you see obviously we just talked about state subsidies, zonal transfer and the stagnant load. So, I think you have pluses and minuses, it's very difficult, and I think at this point quite uncertain to determine the direction of where this can go. It's going to depend on the outcome of some of these out-of-market, I guess, out-of-market discussions that are happening now.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I see. Second question, and as you laid out right now on the buyback front excluding the first $500 million. And if I heard you right, the second $500 million gets firmed up once the asset sale process starts to close as well. But in the first $500 million, just curious, is that driven the liquidity as you're seeing it? Is it driven by the way you see the price which you think is being undervalued? Just curious how the thought process is in this current buyback program.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. This is Kirk. I mean obviously on the second part of that question, certainly it's driven by what we see as an attractive price in the market. But certainly, the other half of that, your instinct is correct. We want to strike a good balance between taking advantage of that attractive price and also managing our existing liquidity, which is certainly significantly enhanced as we move forward to making good on closing those asset sales. But as you know in following the company, the early part of the year, that is our more acute liquidity need. So, this allows us to strike that balance and still have good robust access to the market to take advantage of that stock price.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And last question. As you ramp up the margin enhancement program on the retail side, is there any concern that as part of that? I mean, the stickiness of customers and your competitors obviously watching your moves, is there any concern about customer churn as this program starts to get more active going forward?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Well, I mean, I think the margin enhancement, as I've said, this is not about just increasing prices. I mean, we went through a very detailed conversation during Analyst Day on how we're enhancing our platform both in terms of sales channels, products, and digital experience, and the technology platform that we have. So, I think what you need to think about the margin enhancement is not increasing prices. I mean, it is a lot more, and it's investing significant capital on it. I mean, we are devoting close to $75 million in supporting that margin enhancement. So, I don't expect – I don't think you should – our concern is not about increasing churn. And with respect to our competitors watching closely, we said, I mean, we're going to provide you a general view in terms of where we are going to make these investments and where we're getting the margin enhancement. But we're not going to provide what we think is competitively sensitive information or, as I said on the Analyst Day, the secret sauce of how we're going to get it. But, Elizabeth, is there anything else that you want to add on it?
Elizabeth R. Killinger - NRG Energy, Inc.: The only thing I would add is our strategy is to balance EBITDA and customer count. It's not to just maximize margins, as Mauricio said, and so one of the initiatives within our program is actually to improve retention performance and ensure that customers are accepting the offers that we give them. So, there is quite a bit of work going on, and we feel like our position with competitors actually through the margin enhancement program will get even stronger than it is now.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Can you hear me?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Good morning, Steve.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Now, we finally can hear you.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. All right. That was actually I just want to test that my phone is working. All set. Thank you. No. Okay. So, just on the – could you maybe just give a comment on how the asset sale program is progressing in terms of approvals and just have any issues come up? And I know you had a lot of leg work to do, particularly on the consents and such for NRG Yield. So just is your conviction higher today than where it was then when you announced that you'll get this done?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah, no. So, Steve, the approval process or processes are going very well. We're making a good progress. We have actually received now HSR approval for yield, renewables and ligand (43:22). And I mean in terms of yield, we have now received the majority consent on all of our contracts. So, we're making really good progress. I mean, if things continue like they are, my expectation is that we could potentially close on yield and renewables by September, early October. So, I know that we've been saying second half of the year, but I think if the progress that we're making today continues, I think there is an expectation that by September, October, we can we can close these transactions.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. Well, with that, I want to thank you all for your interest in NRG and I look forward to continue our conversations in the weeks and months to come. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-03-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc. Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc. Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc. Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Antoine Aurimond - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 NRG Energy Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Sonia. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's fourth quarter and full-year 2017 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast. This can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statement made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation, as well the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligations to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation. Now, with that, I'll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'm joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Chris Moser, Head of Operations; and Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail business. I'd like to start the call by highlighting the three key messages for today's presentation on the slide 4. First, we delivered on our 2017 goals and we are reaffirming 2018 guidance. After a year of relentless focus on multiple transformative priorities, we have a much clearer path to value, and I am very optimistic about the potential for upside in our business, particularly given the strength we're seeing in our core markets. Second, we have made significant progress in executing on our Transformation Plan. Our sale announcements over the past few weeks have brought us to over 90% of our target asset sale proceeds. We have also significantly exceeded our 2017 cost savings target and remain on track to achieve our target credit metrics. And third, with the vast majority of our asset sales now announced, and as a reflection of our confidence in the outlook for our business, we are announcing a $1 billion share buyback authorization with the first $500 million program to begin immediately. Now, turning to our Transformation Plan update on slide 5, as you can see by our scorecard on the left-hand side of the page, we're making good progress. We have realized $150 million of recurring EBITDA accretive savings during 2017, which is over 200% of our original target of $65 million. The excellent work throughout the organization and the focus on our continuous improvement initiative led to a jumpstart of our cost program early last year. This meant that we were able to pull forward some of our 2018 initiatives and exceed our target for 2017. Looking forward, we remain on track to achieve our $590 million in total run rate cost savings by 2020. Our margin enhancement target is also on track, with details of this initiative to be covered at our Analyst Day. Now, moving to our portfolio optimization, today, we're announcing the sale of our Boston Energy Trading and Marketing business, or BETM, for $70 million in proceeds. This transaction is intended to further simplify, streamline and focus our business, and brings our total announced proceeds to over $3 billion. We remain on track to close all of our recently announced transactions by the end of the year and we will update you on our remaining asset sales as they progress. Last, we continue to strengthen our capital structure. We are on track to achieve our target net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 3 times by the end of the year. With the recent asset sale announcement, we now have line of sight to significant capital that can be deployed to our other capital allocation priorities. I continue to believe that our current stock price does not reflect the value of our business and presents the best return opportunity for our capital at this time. I am pleased to announce that we have authorization for $1 billion share repurchase program, with a $500 million program to be launched immediately. And as we progress towards the closing of the asset sales and upon completion of our initial repurchase program, we will look to execute the remaining $500 million of our $1 billion program. Moving to slide 6 with our business and financial highlights, it was a busy year that challenged us to make our business stronger in order to position ourselves for long-term success. Despite of all of these moving pieces throughout the year as well as the devastation of Hurricane Harvey in our core Gulf region, we not only achieved top decile safety performance, but it was our second-best safety year in company history. This is a testament to the culture and focus of our employees. And I want to express my gratitude to all of my colleagues for their hard work and for keeping safety our top priority. Now, with respect to our financial results, we ended the year with just under $2.4 billion of adjusted EBITDA and almost $900 million of free cash flow at the NRG level. Our Generation business performed well in light of a mild summer and our Retail business delivered its fourth consecutive year of EBITDA growth with $825 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2017. Hats off to the Retail team, which continues to deliver outstanding results every year. Now, in addition to our Transformation Plan targets, during 2017, we also executed on our objective to find a comprehensive resolution for GenOn, resulting in a reorganization plan that was approved by the Bankruptcy Court in December of 2017. The plan is intended to transition GenOn to a standalone entity and provides NRG with certainty and visibility into the timing and services that need to be provided to GenOn in this transition period. On slide 7, I want to briefly describe the impact of our actions over the past two years on our portfolio. We will have an opportunity to discuss this impact in greater detail at our Analyst Day, but in the meantime, I'd like to highlight just a few of the ways we're simplifying and improving our vertically integrated power business. First, we are reducing our capacity by over one-half to roughly 20,000 megawatts and focusing our business on our core Texas and East markets to better match our Retail business. As we are scaling back our generation, our Retail business continues to be strong, with a steady stream increase in customer accounts and continued solid earnings. And as you can see on the third row of the slide, the EBITDA contribution from the Retail business is becoming increasingly important, going from 25% in 2016 to 60% in 2018 of our total earnings. These changes will increase the visibility and stability of our earnings profile, given the better balance between Generation and Retail. It also increases our EBITDA to free cash flow conversion. NRG has always been a cash flow machine. And with these changes, we will make our conversion even more efficient. We will improve our free cash flow conversion from 21% in 2016 to over 60% in 2018, a ratio unmatched in our industry. And our business is changing. It is improving. We are rightsizing the portfolio and becoming leaner, stronger and better positioned to create shareholder value, both today and into the future. Now, the markets continued to show signs of steady improvement, as highlighted on slide 8. Over the past several years, we have highlighted to ERCOT regulators and stakeholders the extensive risk of retirements and the slowdowns in new-builds, given chronic low prices. Now, and as expected, these dynamics are causing significant market tightening and we're entering the summer of 2018 with the lowest reserve margin on record at 9.3%. This is well below the target reserve margin of 13.75%. And the power prices in the forward markets where ERCOT are responding to these tight market conditions and have more dramatically the past few months to over $130 per megawatt hour for the summer, as you can see on the left-hand chart. This is a stark comparison to the average summer price of the past six years of only $35 per megawatt hour. At NRG, we're all working to ensure our plants are ready to meet demand and provide customers solutions to proactively manage their energy bills. Now in competitive markets more broadly, there have been persistent calls to action for reform across states and across power markets. We continue to work with regulators and customers to make sure that competitive markets are not disrupted from a generation or retail perspective. We must get the pricing signals right in generation markets and improve the way that customers are able to access and consume power in the retail power markets. At the federal and state level, we see many indications of positive market momentum towards these objectives, and we will continue to be a vocal advocate for competitive markets. Now, turning to slide 9, I want to provide a capital allocation update. During my first call as CEO two years ago, I told you that given the deep cyclical nature of our sector, we have to first ensure the robustness of our balance sheet when deploying capital. We wanted to leave no doubt about our ability to deliver on the value that we knew existed in our portfolio during any market cycle. We therefore focus on strengthening our balance sheet and paying down debt. Since 2016, we have paid roughly $1.6 billion in debt and extended almost $7 billion of maturities, with most of them due well beyond 2022. Our identified asset sales will also help us to reduce close to $8 billion of debt. And with $640 million allocated towards deleveraging and another $1.2 billion of temporary cash reserve to achieve our credit metrics, we are well on our way to achieve our target net debt-to-EBITDA of 3 times by the end of the year. As we continue to meet our top capital allocation priorities, we are now pivoting to evaluate growth opportunities and returning capital to shareholders. Our immediate $500 million share buyback is reflective of our commitment to seeking the value-maximizing outcome for our capital. And as we progress towards closing our asset sales, we expect to execute on our additional $500 million authorization. So, with that, I will now turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to the financial summary on slide 11, in 2017, NRG generated $2.373 billion in adjusted EBITDA, $1.3 billion in consolidated free cash flow before growth, with nearly $900 million of that cash flow available at the NRG level. For the year, Retail delivered a robust $825 million in adjusted EBITDA, including the impact of low commodity prices, execution on cost reduction and continued customer growth. Generation and Renewables delivered a combined $615 million in 2017 EBITDA, including a one-time impact of a non-cash expense of approximately $60 million due to excess oil inventory write-down and the write-off of obsolete spare parts inventory across the fleet. NRG Yield contributed $933 million in line with expectations. Including today's announced sale of our Boston Energy Trading and Marketing business, the total Transformation Plan asset sales announced or closed to-date totals $3 billion, or only $200 million away from our revised target, which we expect to reach by 2019 In the fourth quarter, we successfully refinanced our 2023 unsecured notes at a record low rate for NRG of 5.75%, reducing annual interest expense and extending the previous maturity by five years. In 2017, we also completed the reduction of just over $600 million in corporate debt through redemption of the remaining balances of our 2018 and 2021 notes. These redemptions eliminated our nearest corporate maturities and combined with interest savings on the 2023 notes refinancing led to annual cash interest savings of $55 million. I'd like to take a moment to address one element of our 2017 income statement, which is not included in our EBITDA results. That is a non-cash impairment charge on fixed assets and goodwill of $1.8 billion. This charge primarily consists of a $1.2 billion impairment loss on our interest in the South Texas Project, or STP, our nuclear facility south of Houston. A regular fourth quarter process of revising our forecast of power and fuel prices and the impact on plant cash flows resulted in the need to write-down certain fixed assets, including STP. The portion of the total write-down from goodwill impairment was approximately $100 million and was largely related to the announced sale of BETM. Turning to 2018 guidance, we are reaffirming our ranges for both adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. Our 2018 pro forma numbers, which are based on the midpoint of guidance and reflect the implied 2018 contribution from retained businesses and Transformation Plan cost savings and margin improvements, are also unchanged from our call last month. Importantly, as shown in the bottom row of the table, our pro forma financials also demonstrate the significant cash flow efficiency benefits from our retained businesses, as we convert over $0.60 of every $1 of EBITDA into free cash flow, a 66% improvement in cash flow efficiency versus 2017 results. Finally, as noted in the bottom right of the table, while our 2018 pro forma EBITDA includes a substantial portion of the cost savings and margin benefits of the plan, we expect an additional $275 million of incremental EBITDA beyond 2018 as we reach our run rate of recurring savings by 2020. Turning now to slide 12, we provided financial summary of our 2017 NRG level capital allocation, with changes since our third quarter update highlighted in blue. We finished the year with $440 million of excess capital remaining available for allocation, a $370 million increase versus our third quarter update. The substantial portion of the $370 million increase is largely due to an increase in total available capital and a decrease in allocations due to a shift in timing of expenditures and commitments from 2017 to 2018. First, total capital available prior to allocations increased by $193 million, as shown on the far left of the chart. $92 million of this increase reflects the difference between actual 2017 NRG level cash flow and the midpoint of guidance, which form the basis for our previous update. The remaining $101 million was a result of the sale of our Minnesota Wind portfolio to a third party as well as various distributed solar dropdowns to NRG Yield. On the uses side, actual capital allocated to the GenOn restructuring was lower due to the shift in expected emergence from 2017 to 2018 following the court approved plan in December. Actual 2017 capital allocated to GenOn consists of the $125 million draw by GenOn under the intercompany revolver in 2017, which will be repaid by GenOn upon emergence and NRG's pension contribution of $13 million. The balance of capital required for GenOn will be funded as a part of 2018 capital allocation, which I'll review shortly. Next, NRG's actual cost-to-achieve associated with the Transformation Plan were lower than original expectations, exclusively due to a delay in timing from 2017 to 2018. And finally, the remaining small changes in allocated capital reflect minor updates in actual costs related to the debt financing and the 2017 growth investments. The ending balance of $440 million in excess capital at year-end shown on the right-side of the slide forms the basis for our 2018 capital allocation, which I'll now review on slide 13. Our expected capital from existing sources on the left of the chart on page 13 includes the $440 million ending 2017 balance, plus the $1 billion of pro forma free cash flow from 2018. We expect this to be significantly augmented by the closing of our announced asset sales, which now include the sale of BETM. The total net proceeds of $2.792 billion reflect the aggregate proceeds of our 2018 announced asset sales net of transaction costs leading to total expected 2018 excess capital available of just over $4.2 billion. Turning to uses of capital, we have allocated just over $2 billion to the balance sheet. And this is comprised of approximately $760 million of permanent debt reduction and the balance of $1.2 billion expected to be a temporary reserve to ensure we achieve our target ratio of 3 times net debt-to-EBITDA. I'll review the basis for this $1.2 billion reserve in greater detail on the credit slide at the end of my section. But we expect this $760 million in 2018 permanent debt reduction to be necessary to achieve the 3 times net debt-to-EBITDA ratio in 2018 and beyond. However, due in part to the fact that as I mentioned earlier, in 2018, we will not yet realize $275 million in recurring EBITDA from the full run rate of the transformation, our 2018 ratio does not yet reflect the full impact of the plan. As such, we are temporarily increasing our minimum cash balance in 2018 by $1.2 billion in order to achieve the target ratio. As our ratio improves over time, we would expect that this reserve would be released and available for future allocation. Next, as Mauricio mentioned earlier, we're allocating $1 billion of 2018 capital towards share repurchases, the first $500 million of which we expect to begin immediately. Dividends, which represent the balance of allocated return of capital to shareholder, are unchanged versus the 2017 rate. Turning to GenOn, we expect $178 million of capital towards the remaining commitments under the plan as GenOn expected to merge in 2018. This consists of the $261 million settlement amount and the 2018 pension contribution, partially offset by the repayment by GenOn of the intercompany revolver. We expect $246 million in capital allocation toward the completion of our investment in cost-to-achieve under the Transformation Plan, including the amounts delayed from 2017 to 2018, I mentioned earlier. Finally, expected 2018 growth investments of $195 million consist primarily of the Carlsbad project, which is more than offset by the dropdown proceeds reflected in the asset sale bar to the left, and Canal 3, which remains under option for purchase by GenOn under the plan of reorganization. Based on this current allocation, this implies $613 million of excess capital remaining to be allocated in 2018. Please turn to slide 14, and I'll use this ending balance as a starting point to update the roll forward to pro forma 2020 excess capital we first provided last July as a part of the Transformation Plan announcement. Beginning on the left side of the chart on that slide, we start with the excess capital from 2018 of $613 million. I'll briefly walk from left to right to summarize the sources and uses in 2019 and 2020 to update or revise expected cumulative excess capital. First, using our pro forma 2018 free cash flow as a basis for 2019 and 2020, adds $2 billion of additional cash. Next, as shown in the table above the third green bar, we had $404 million of cumulative incremental cash flow from the Transformation Plan, which is not reflected in our 2018 pro forma free cash flow. This incremental cash flow is primarily due to the increase in margin enhancements toward the 2020 run rate of $215 million, $90 million in additional cost savings versus the 2018 rate, and the $20 million increase in run rate maintenance CapEx. Next, while our 2018 capital for allocation reflects the bulk of asset sales toward the target, we reflect the remaining balance of $205 million in additional proceeds expected by 2019. $90 million of additional cumulative cash flow reflects two years of cash interest savings on the $640 million of permanent corporate debt reduction we assume to take place at year end 2018. Turning to uses, $88 million of debt amortization reflects the final portion of the repayment of Midwest Gen capacity monetization shown as debt for accounting purposes as well as ongoing but relatively de minimis amortization on our term loan. $30 million represents two years of our ongoing commitment to fund GenOn pension contributions as part of the plan. And finally, $75 million to fund two years of annual dividend at the current rate, which, of course, will be slightly lower based on the share buyback. We add the release of $1.2 billion cash reserve, I spoke about earlier, to arrive an implied balance of just over $4.3 billion in excess capital through 2020, which for comparative purposes is $5.3 billion before taking into account the 2018 share buyback allocation, and represents in the aggregate over 60% of our current market capitalization. And finally, turning to a brief update on pro forma 2018 capital structure on slide 15. First, we've modified this slide on the left side to more clearly reflect our consolidated debt balance and pro forma debt balance in the context of targeted divestitures. Just over $8.1 billion of our ending consolidated debt balance will be eliminated upon the closure of the sale of NRG Yield and Renewables business as well as the associated dropdowns to NRG Yield. What remains is a pro forma consolidated debt balance of $8.5 billion, $1.3 billion of which is non-recourse debt. Approximately 90% of this remaining balance of non-recourse debt is the project debt balance at the Ivanpah project level which amortizes, funded by project level cash flows over the remaining life of the PPA. The balance of non-recourse debt at what remains of the Midwest Gen capacity monetization transaction, which is treated as debt for accounting purposes, and is fully repaid by 2019. Turning to the right side of the slide, our 2017 recourse debt balance of $7.186 billion will be further reduced in 2018 by the term loan amortization and the permanent corporate debt reduction as a part of the Transformation Plan and included in 2018 capital allocation. For presentation purposes, we've included only the $500 million minimum cash balance and the $1.2 billion cash reserve I spoke about earlier to derive implied net debt. We assume that $613 million in remaining excess capital in 2018, shown in the red box at the bottom of the slide, has been allocated to other opportunities. The denominator of ratio starts with our 2018 pro forma EBITDA, which does not yet reflect the full run rate impact of the Transformation Plan with $275 million of additional savings expected beyond this year. We deduct the EBITDA from non-recourse entities, Ivanpah and Midwest Gen, and add back the cash distributions from those subsidiaries, as well as, consistent with our previous slides on credit ratios, certain non-cash expenses included in EBITDA. Our net debt balance of $4.8 billion temporarily reduced by the $1.2 billion cash reserve reflects a ratio of 3 times our pro forma recourse EBITDA, in line with our revised target. With that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio for closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kirk. Just a few final remarks on our priorities for the year on slide 17. And as always, our first priority is to deliver on our financial and operational goals. We're focused on executing our Transformation Plan objectives and bringing our announced asset sales to a timely close in the second half of the year. In 2017, it was a priority to find a comprehensive resolution for GenOn, and during the year, we were able to achieve this objective. Now, with a plan confirmation by the courts, we're focused on working with GenOn on transition services so that GenOn may be a standalone company by September of 2018. I want to acknowledge that 2017 was an important year for our company and we underwent a series of changes stemming from multiple strategic initiatives. I am very proud of our success in greatly simplifying our business and positioning ourselves to thrive under any market cycles. I look forward to continuing our conversation about the long-term strategy and prospects of the company at our Analyst Day on March 27. I want to thank you for your time today and your interest in NRG. And with that, Sonia, we are now ready to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Congratulations on continued progress on your Transformation Plan.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Wanted to first touch on Texas. We share your optimism about the tightening supply-demand balance. Can you speak to how you're likely to be positioned for the summer, just at a high level? I know it's challenging to tell us exact megawatts of open position, but to the extent that we do see relatively high summertime prices, how can we think about the strategy for remaining open and positioned to take advantage of such price moves?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Right. So, Stephen, let me answer the question with, I guess, two timeframes. The first is 2018, because we have seen a pretty significant increase in prices for this summer, and then perhaps longer-term, which is more of a structural change. So, for summer of 2018, our Generation business is very well positioned. We actually disclosed in the Appendix our hedge percentages now on a pro forma basis. And as you're going to see, we are about 30% open on our heat rate exposure. So, we are – from a Generation standpoint, we're well positioned to benefit from the market tightening – or the tightening conditions that exist in the market. Our Retail business is well positioned as well. As you recall, we back-to-back all our Retail, I guess, load and about half of our portfolio is fixed price. So you should expect that that half of the portfolio is completely locked in and the margins are locked in. The other half is in variable pricing. We take steps to manage that load and as the load progresses and it fixes their price, we can, what I describe is, detail or perfect the hedges that we have on that variable pricing load. Now, longer-term, 2019 and beyond, our Generation business is pretty open, as you can tell on the hedging disclosures that we have provided. So, we will benefit from any structural changes. And we believe that these repricing of the Texas market is going to continue at least for 2019 and perhaps 2020, since – which is not going to have a chance to have new-builds in the span of a year and a half or two years. Our Retail business, on the other hand, as you appreciate, if there is a structural change in the Texas market, all retailers will see this new level of pricing in the market. So, first of all, it doesn't put us in any disadvantage. Number two, having our Generation business, it offsets a little bit that margin compression that you should expect from – or that you could expect from higher prices in our Retail business, and more than offsets that. And then, the final thing that I will say is volatility creates opportunities and it creates opportunities for retail companies and generation companies that are well positioned. We saw it during the polar vortex and we actually are ready to capitalize on this opportunity as perhaps customers look – want to move to retail companies that are better capitalized, that has generation behind them and superior service that we provide. So, we see that also as an opportunity.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No, that's very helpful. Shifting over to growth opportunities, obviously, you're generating a great deal of excess cash that could be deployed on organic growth opportunities. How do you think about the fields of opportunities? Is this a target-rich set of opportunities you're looking at? Or given where you stand today, is it relatively likely we should see fairly sizeable additional share repurchases just given the implied return in your own stock?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I mean, first is the latter part of your question, which is we're deploying $1 billion because we believe the returns on our stock are pretty attractive. And number two, we are always evaluating the market in terms of attractive opportunities. What I will say is just given where the market conditions are, those attractive opportunities are perhaps more likely in the Retail business than in the Generation business. And that's where we're going to be focusing. I mean, keep in mind that in the East, we're still long Generation. We need to continue growing our Retail business both organically. And perhaps, if there is an attractive opportunity in the retail sector, we will evaluate that. But without a doubt, right now, the most compelling return for our capital is our own stock and that's where we're focusing on.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. Thank you very much.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Antoine Aurimond - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey, guys. This is Antoine for Julien, actually. How are you?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey. Good morning.
Antoine Aurimond - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hi. To come back a little bit on the capital allocation beyond the $1 billion buyback, how would you guys think about a recurring dividend program in terms of payout and yield?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. I mean, it's one of the options that we have to returning capital to our shareholders. We laid out our priorities a couple of our earnings calls ago. And when I think of our capital deployment and capital allocation, it's just using those principles that we have already articulated to you. We need to make sure that our business is performing at the operating and financial level that we want. Now that we have line of sight after the asset sales on our credit metrics, then it gives us the opportunity to start thinking about growth or returning capital to shareholders. And in the returning capital to shareholders bucket, I mean, we have the share buybacks or a dividend. And right now, just given where the stock is, we have opted to execute on share repurchases, but dividends are a very viable way to returning capital to shareholders. We're going to continue evaluating that throughout the year. And once we finish with our initiatives and complete the repositioning of our portfolio, then we will have a robust conversation internally and with our board of directors to see what is the best way to return capital to shareholders. But, hopefully, the announcements that we're making today demonstrate and are clear examples of our commitment to be very disciplined when it comes to capital allocation
Antoine Aurimond - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Got it. And then, can you give us a bit more detail on the $215 million Retail EBITDA enhancement in terms of how you plan to achieve that and whether the timing you laid out previously has changed at all?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. So, you're talking about the margin enhancement for Retail, right?
Antoine Aurimond - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Right.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. We provided some information about that when we announced the Transformation Plan and in subsequent calls. I would tell you that we're investing heavily in our Retail business both on our asset sale channels and our IT platform, and just the further integration of Generation and Retail, which helps us manage – or better manage and optimize our margins. In the Analyst Day, one of our objective is to provide you a lot more visibility and clarity in terms of how do we plan to achieve that $250 million. The only point that I also have made in the past is, if you look at what we have achieved the last three years, we actually grew our Retail business by $200 million. So, what we're saying is, in the next three years, we're going to grow it by another $200 million. We have done it before. It's achievable, but I am very mindful that we need to provide a lot more specificity about how we're going to do that. And I intend to do that with my colleagues, particularly Elizabeth and Rob, as responsibles of the Retail businesses, to provide more specificity about how we're going to do it.
Antoine Aurimond - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Antoine.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Just a little bit of clean up on the Q4 and fiscal year results. The EBITDA came in a bit below the guidance range, but despite that the free cash flow was quite robust. Can I attribute that to that write-down that you guys called out in Q4 that was non-cash to $60 million as being sort of the key thing that took you down below the range?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Greg, it's Kirk. That's correct. I mean that's one of the reasons why I highlighted that non-cash, obviously, non-recurring impairment charge, which – the larger impairments on the fixed assets, that's just the acceleration of depreciation, which isn't part of EBITDA. But because that's inventory which would normally go through COGS, we chose to leave that obviously as part of our deduct to get to EBITDA, but obviously highlighting the fact that that's one-time and non-cash. A couple of other elements as we roll through the statement of other (40:08) which are non-cash, we made an accrual for potential liquidated damages due to the delay of the Carlsbad project. I think that was like ZIP Code of $20 million of accrual towards the year end. And the remainder of sort of the unexpected variances, if you want to call it that for lack of a better term, we had is largely related to really the Renewables side, which is really still consolidated. We had some delays in projects reaching COD, which obviously delays their contribution of EBITDA. But overall, the main one to highlight is the $60 million you started with.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Right. Two more questions. On the $600-and-change million, that's currently unallocated. I presume you're going to give us some more guidance on how you're going to allocate that capital at the Analyst Day. And so it's sort of been held back and so you can give us a sense of how you're focusing the business strategy and therefore where you're going to allocate those dollars?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Greg. I mean, we'll provide you some more clarity during the Analyst Day, but what I can tell you today is we're going to be applying the same capital allocation principle that we have applied to date. So, while we will do that on the Analyst Day, I don't think you should expect any big surprises in terms of the disciplined approach that we're taking on capital allocation.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And my last question, I think Stephen Byrd alluded to this earlier, just to be a little bit more direct. It's always been in hindsight over the years, a mistake to get too excited too early in the year in terms of guidance ranges and changing them. But forward curves and power market dynamics have improved quite significantly since you gave the guidance range. So, can you give us any sense of, given how you've hedged the portfolio, whether forward curves were to hold up at these levels for the remainder of the year? Where would you sort of be within the guidance range or is it just too early in the year and you don't want to get too excited about it?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, I mean, first of all, we're very comfortable with the guidance that we have provided today. That's why we're reaffirming it. Number two, we're not going to tell you specifically how we are positioning ourselves for the summer. I mean, we provided you the cash disclosures on the appendix. And as you can tell, we are roughly about 30% open on our total portfolio for heat rate exposure. So, the commercial team, and Chris Moser is managing very closely the position in the summer. Now, with the further integrations that we have between Generation and Retail, we have a pretty good line of sight in terms of the needs that our Retail business needs – has to mitigate any potential impact on it. But where I stand today, I just feel very, very comfortable with the position of our business and the guidance that we have provided to you.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you, guys. Have a great morning.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thanks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Mauricio. So the – just, I know I've asked this in the past, but just you do give the continued benefits of the cost cutting and the margin enhancement out to 2020. Just the base business, excluding that, and I know there's a lot of moving parts, but is it fair – in the past, we've talked about it being kind of assume flattish off of the base in 2017, 2018. Is that still kind of a fair thing to do, or any guidance there on other drivers?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah, Steve. It's Kirk. I mean, obviously, you already referenced sort of the on-to-come aspect of the Transformation Plan, that $275 million. But setting the Transformation Plan trajectory to the side, yes, we feel comfortable with the underpinnings of the base business, which is what informed our confidence to sort of reaffirm using that as an anchor in that roll-forward walk that I provided for you. Our outlook is consistent with that perspective over the long-term beyond 2018, yes.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And then one more question on ERCOT and specific really to the summer peak. Could you talk about your generation-to-load match at summer peak days, periods, et cetera, in terms of protecting in the event there is high-volume spiky pricing?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey, Steve. Chris Moser here. I would think of it this way. With the integrated portfolio, the final position in any given hour is going to depend on where the Retail actuals come in and how the units perform in that given random hour out of the 700 on-peak hours we're going to see. If it's a high-load, high-price situation, we're set up to be – we're just fine in that situation. If it is extreme load and extreme price, that's going to limit the upside as the unit's length ends up covering and protecting Retail margin, so. But in an extreme load, extreme price situation in 2018, that should have some carry-forward and bleed through into 2019 and beyond, which should give us some pretty good hedging opportunities in the forwards. And keep in mind, that's an area where Retail retains a lot of pricing flexibility, given that they haven't sold everything out up there yet. So, I feel like we're in a pretty good shape right now.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. One last question, and you may want to leave this to the Analyst Day, but just your main peer company talked a little bit about, thinking about whether they might want to look to investment-grade credit metrics or rating in the future. Is that a priority for you at all, or is that really not something that you're focused on?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Steve, it's Kirk. Not primarily focused on it. I mean, certainly, improvements in credit ratings are something we certainly do aspire to from a cost of capital and reliability of access in the market as you sort of leg up the scale, if you will. But I think we feel comfortable with sort of the ZIP code of that BB ratio, striking the right balance between delivering the right equity return to our shareholders on the one hand and managing the risk of the balance sheet on the other, and most importantly, maintaining our confidence in the access to reasonably priced capital even through the cycle. That's not to say we continue to look towards that. I mean, as I think I maybe even said in a prior call, maybe the last call we had, we don't look at our credit ratio objectives as a set it and forget it. We continue to review those in the context of what we see, including, but not limited to, the fact that obviously the tax shield is not quite as robust today as it was a few months ago by virtue of the Tax Reform Act. So that's in constant review, but I think suffice to say, that's not a primary focus. We're comfortable with our BB target.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: And, Steve, let me just add that we have been very clear about our priorities. We have communicated that to all of you. Those priorities are right now on execution. That's our focus right now is to execute on those priorities. And as Kirk mentioned, I mean, once we have demonstrated that we've delivered on those commitments that we've made, then we will reevaluate. But for now, our priorities are very clear and we're executing towards them.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: So most of my questions were answered, but just on sort of the dividend and just a quick follow-up. Is there longevity in the token dividend? So like as you sort of think about returning capital and assuming you decide it's more economic to buy back shares, why sort of retain this token dividend? Should we sort of think about it as either you potentially looking to enact a higher payout ratio and maybe growing that dividend, given what your cash flow profile is, or removing the policy altogether? So why keep this dividend if you're going to maintain it at such a low level?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: No, that is a good observation, Shar. And we actually have been having conversations internally about that. And as you can appreciate, we're going to have – we're going to be talking to you in a more comprehensive basis around our capital allocation program, but importantly, in the context of our long-term strategy and long-term prospects that the company has. So, this is something that we're going to be getting into more detail at the Analyst Day.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Kirk, let me just follow-up real quick on sort of your leverage targets, like – and outside of ratings, you do have a peer that's noticeably shooting below that. You've got the integrated utility GenCos that are certainly leaner. You have other cyclical industries that have tighter metrics. Is 3 turns really optimal outside of ratings, especially given that you're kind of left without an industry, a sector, and eventually, going to have to benchmark yourself with other cyclical industries as you project sort of this message to investors? So, what is optimal? Is 3 turns still optimal, or is your thought process should it evolve?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, to avoid repeating some of the things I said in response to Steve's question, we are comfortable and reaffirming that 3 times target. And what informs our thinking beyond what I've talked about in the past about striking the right balance and everything else is cash flow context matters to us at the end of the day. And both Mauricio and I again reiterated how pleased we are with what the knock-on effect of what we're doing in the Transformation Plan means in our ability to more efficiently translate EBITDA to free cash flow. And legging towards two-thirds or $0.67 of every $1 translating, that makes a big difference. So, if I'm comparing apples-to-apples to somebody else's at a 2 times net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, but they're converting $0.35 on every $1 where I'm converting $0.70, that calibration factor on cash flow, I think, is important not to ignore because it certainly informs our thinking. And while EBITDA is a nice statistic, cash rules the day in terms of financial flexibility. And that I think is a distinction that's worth repeating.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Okay. That's helpful. Congrats, guys, on executing on the plan so far.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. I wanted to go back to the sensitivity of earnings to changes in heat rates. So, when I look at slide 24, where you show the sensitivity of your margins, especially for the Texas business, it seems largely unchanged versus what you showed us, I think, during the financial update – actually, during the third quarter earnings call. And you had a pretty meaningful move in heat rates in Texas. So, the sensitivity versus the levels at the end of the year, is this versus the current guidance? What is the basis for that sensitivity?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: This is Chris, Angie. I believe that that is as of this week – are you looking at the heat rate sensitivity, $54 million Texas 2018?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yes.
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: That's what you're looking at? Yeah, think of it as $54 million from what is arguably a higher spot.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: And, Angie, let me just – because you were talking about comparing against previous disclosures, so I think it's important to mention that in this new hedge disclosure, I think we pulled out some of the portfolios or assets that we're selling, particularly the LaGen business. So, I just want to make sure that the team is working with you, too, as you're looking at previous disclosures with new disclosures that you're comparing apples-to-apples. And this new hedge disclosure I believe does not include the businesses that are held for sale now. But that's an important – I guess that's an important piece of information, Angie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. But there's nothing being sold in Texas, right? I mean, Texas Generation assets are intact. So you're saying that the...
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Angie, we can...
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay.
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: We can – let me just make sure – I am looking at the third quarter 2017 earnings presentation where the heat rate sensitivity for Texas and South Central is $62 million and the one that you have in front of you with the $54 million is Texas only. But we can run this down off the call, if you like.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Okay.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one more question. Our final question comes from the line of Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Congratulations.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Abe.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just following up on your hedge profile, you remain more open for next year than I remember you being in recent years. Is this a reflection of your view that there's potentially more improvement in the forward curves or is this liquidity or something else?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: No. It's two things and it goes to a little bit of what I was just talking to Angie about the – if you're looking at the previous quarters, they would have had South Central included in that. And given that South Central has a pretty big short position in it against the co-op contracts, when you pull that out and you're just looking at Texas by itself or Texas and the rest of the pro forma situation, it'll look slightly less hedged. But given that South Central is, give or take, a 20% kind of a number, if you look back at 4Q 2016 for 2018, we were about 44% hedged gas. And if now we're at 4Q 2017, looking at 2019, it's kind of 26%. So, that give or take, rough and tough, looks pretty similar to where we were on an apples-to-apples basis. Unfortunately, Q4 2017, Q4 2016 aren't apples-to-apples because of the South Central being pulled out of the numbers on the 2017 number.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. But I think it's fair to say that we were expecting a market tightening in Texas. We knew that the chronic prices that we experienced over six years were going to accelerate retirements or slow down new-builds. We positioned ourselves correctly. I think we will see the benefits in our portfolio. And we will execute on our strategy – on our hedging strategy just the way we have executed in the past. We're opportunistic based on our commodity price yield. We manage our credit ratios and our balance sheet. And now, we also have to be mindful that the synergies that exist between matching Generation and Retail. So, these are the three legs of our strategic hedging program. We are not deviating from that. And I think you should expect as the year progresses and the market reprices itself or re-rates itself that we will execute accordingly.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And that's all. I will see you at the end of the month.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you, Abe.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mauricio Gutierrez for any closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Sonia, and thank you again for your interest in NRG. We're very excited about the changes that we have made in our portfolio and our business. And I look forward to talking to all of you at the end of the month. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc. Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc. Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc. Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later , we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Takia. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's third quarter 2017 earnings call. This morning's call will be broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statement made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from the NRG perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation as well as risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation and press release. Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'm joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Chris Moser, Head of Operations; and Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail business. I'd like to start the call by highlighting the three key messages for today's presentation on slide 4. First, we are on track to deliver on the Transformation Plan objectives we laid out earlier this year. For cost savings, we're actually ahead of our 2017 target through the third quarter of this year. Second, today, we're initiating 2018 financial guidance, which I am pleased to confirm is in line with the targets provided in our Transformation Plan. Third, we are seeing a number of positive catalysts in our core markets from a recovery in ERCOT driven by asset retirements to multiple regulatory initiatives that highlight the urgency of reforming our power markets. This is certainly a time to be optimistic about competitive power. Now turning to our Transformation Plan update on slide 5, we are making good progress across all areas. We are reaffirming our full cost savings on margin enhancement targets with a run rate of $855 million in recurring free cash flow accretion by 2020. Through the end of the third quarter, we have already realized $92 million in cost savings, which means we have achieved 142% of our target for 2017. And as I told you previously, we were hard at work identifying cost savings starting early in the year. This focus on continuous improvement have led to a jump start on our plan and has enabled us to realize some of our anticipated 2018 cost savings in 2017. In addition, we're currently putting in place the foundation needed to realize margin improvements starting next year. This includes everything from finalizing strategies for expanding and enhancing offerings for customers, to streamlining transactions, to enhancing our IT systems for more sophisticated customer analytics. Our asset sales process remains on track. We are reaffirming our total proceeds target of up to $4 billion and we anticipate the vast majority of this process to be announced in 2017. With respect to our Renewables business and our interest in NRG Yield, while this is very much an ongoing process, what I can tell you is that we are currently anticipating a 100% sale of this platform. We are pleased with the level of interest that our high-quality, unique assets and businesses have created from prospective buyers. These have allowed us to move to advance stages in multiple processes and we maintain the expectation of announcing significant transactions by the end of the year. But to be clear, and consistent with our objective to maximize shareholder value, we will not compromise value for time with any of these transactions. On the capital allocation front, we remain focused on using excess cash to deleverage our business and position ourselves to take advantage of high-return opportunities in the future. Since our second quarter call, we have taken other $600 million of debt out of our capital structure, completing our 2017 capital allocation goal. Turning now to our third quarter results on slide 6, we achieved $806 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, which reflects the impacts of sustained mild weather in our core markets as well as Hurricane Harvey. As we have been tracking to the low end of the guidance coming into the summer, this results had led us to narrow and lower our full year adjusted EBITDA guidance to $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion. I do want to take a moment, however, to acknowledge the strong results and outlook for our Retail business, which continues improving its operating efficiencies, and customer acquisition and retention, offsetting some of the impacts of summer weather. Despite the disappointing quarter in terms of weather and wholesale pricing opportunities, we have still made significant progress on executing many key priorities. As we execute on our transformation, we have remained vigilant and focused on safety. For the quarter, we achieved a better than top decile safety performance with 118 out of 128 facilities operating without a single recordable injury. This result is a testament to the safety culture embraced by every one of my colleagues at NRG. We also continue to execute on opportunities to quickly recycle capital through our partnership with NRG Yield, closing on a 38-megawatt solar portfolio for $71 million in cash proceeds and forming a new $50 million solar partnership. In addition, we are announcing today the offer of our 154-megawatt Buckthorn Solar assets to NRG Yield. Looking ahead to 2018, we are initiating adjusted EBITDA guidance of $2.8 billion to $3 billion. Kirk will provide more details later in the presentation, but, importantly, for the retained businesses, this guidance is in line with the targets provided in our Transformation Plan announcement this summer. This is despite removing several plants that were originally included in our 2018 Transformation Plan projections and lower than expected production from the oil field associated with our Petra Nova. Now turning to slide 7 for a closer look at the key drivers this summer, we experienced very mild weather across the East and ERCOT, eliminating any opportunity for scarcity pricing. In Texas, we saw both a major hurricane and the coolest August since 2004 with cooling degree days 13% below normal. In the Northeast, cooling degree days were, on average, 8% below normal for July and August. This lack of weather resulted in very weak summer prices as you can see on the upper right-hand chart. In ERCOT, real-time on-peak prices settled 43% below pre-summer expectations. But despite the absence of extreme weather this summer, ERCOT fundamentals remained strong. ERCOT's 2017 peak load of 69.5 gigawatts was up nearly 2% over the five-year average and came in just shy of the 2016 peak. In terms of total consumption, we were flat to 2016 levels despite having the coolest August in 14 years plus a major hurricane. And while, for our business, we say summer 2017 weather was mild, for many living along the Gulf Coast, it was devastating. Hurricane Harvey was an unprecedented storm. It was the wettest storm to ever hit the Continental United States. In the face of this historic adversity, I could not be more proud of the way my colleagues responded. Turning to slide 8, I want to take a moment to recognize the men and women of NRG who kept the lights on, supported each other and provided assistance to both our customers and impacted communities during a time of need. First and foremost, safety is always the primary concern and I am pleased to report we have no safety incidents at our plants or in our corporate offices during the storm. But beyond safety, our employees showed great concern for their communities, engaging with first responders and community assistance programs to be on the ground, helping with services such as on-site emergency power supply. And Reliant, our flagship retail business in Texas, went above and beyond, demonstrating leadership by being the first retailer to offer customer relief programs. We were as prepared as we could be for Hurricane Harvey. Our baseload generation maintained 80% availability during the worst of the storm, a testament to the resiliency and reliability of our portfolio. Today, we're back to 95% availability across all of our Gulf generation. Currently, only two of our plants are offline, and we're actively assessing impacts and determining our return to service strategy. On the Retail side, at its peak, about 4% of our customers were without power and today, power has been restored to nearly all of our customers. Between our two businesses, we estimate the financial impacts of the storm and related weather to be about $40 million in 2017. As we continue to assess the situation, we will provide you with any necessary updates. Once again, I want to express my deepest gratitude to everyone across the organization for their commitment to safety, their focus on building resilient operations, and their support for effective communities in the days and weeks following the storm. Looking forward, we have many reasons to be excited about the markets, as outlined on slide 9. In ERCOT, the recently announced retirement of over 4 gigawatts of generating capacity puts further pressure on a market with already steady, strong fundamentals. For summer of 2018, these known retirements and asset delays alone will put ERCOT at the lowest reserve margin on record, which is expected to be somewhere between 10% and 11%. Other changes such as delay in new builds and new industrial demand could lower this number even further. The tightening of the ERCOT market is something that we have been anticipating for quite some time. Just on our last earnings call, we were estimating reserve margins of close to 11%, which now has become a reality. We are encouraged to see that other generators in the market are being disciplined (13:39) uneconomic assets as we have done in the past. And while news of these retirements during the past several weeks has increased power prices, it is important to note that these prices are still below what is needed to justify new build economics. Now while these retirements are important in improving market health, ERCOT must do more to strengthen markets and should recognize the locational value of power plants. We have already provided a set of recommendations that would improve the pricing now for generators in locations where power is needed. Reliability and resiliency are important attributes to the grid and we will continue to work with ERCOT to ensure generators close to load centers are compensated for all the benefits they provide. Beyond these positive developments in the ERCOT market, we are seeing several other calls to action for market reform. As the power grid continues to undergo significant change, low gas prices, renewable penetration, and attempts for out-of-market subsidy for uneconomic generation, regulatory bodies and other stakeholders are taking note. This has led to several significant potential catalysts. From the DOE stat report on competitive markets and NOPR, to PJM's proposed market reforms, I cannot recall another time where there has been such urgency and reach across ISOs to improve competitive energy markets. We will continue our vocal advocacy against out-of-market subsidies for existing uneconomic generation and for market-based solutions that recognize all the services that generators provide: energy, capacity, reliability, and resiliency. And with that, I will turn things over to Kirk for a financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning, everyone. Turning to the financial summary on slide 11, for the third quarter, NRG delivered $806 million in adjusted EBITDA and $599 million in consolidated free cash flow before growth. Generation & Renewables contributed $265 million in adjusted EBITDA during the quarter while Retail and Yield delivered $276 million and $265 million respectively. Our results for the quarter reflect the impact of mild weather as well as Hurricane Harvey. In the latter case, the sustained heavy winds and lower temperatures led to below normal load for our Retail business. The resulting revenue impact, combined with losses experienced from unwinding hedges and depressed real-time prices, contributed to lower than expected retail results for the quarter. Although our Houston base load assets weathered the storm admirably, our wholesale business was also impacted by outages and associated loss margin, resulting from flooding across the region, including in particular our Cottonwood facility, which has since returned to service. Finally, our Boston Energy Trading and Marketing or BETM business, underperformed for the quarter, further contributing to results, which came in below expectations. Prior to the summer, although our Retail outlook had been trending above the range, our reduced expectations for wholesale more than offset this and, as I indicated in our second quarter call, our expectations for the balance of the year at that time placed us at the lower end of our consolidated guidance. Now, factoring in the impact of the third quarter events I just reviewed, our outlook for 2017 is now approximately $115 million below the low end of our previous EBITDA guidance range. As a result, we are now reducing and narrowing our 2017 guidance to $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion in adjusted EBITDA. Our revised consolidated free cash flow guidance range is now $1.175 billion to $1. 275 billion while revised NRG level free cash flow guidance is now $755 million to $855 million. We do not expect the contributing factors to our reduced guidance for 2017 to be recurring and they do not impact our outlook and guidance for 2018, which I'll review in a moment. Immediately following the quarter end, we redeem the remaining balances of our 2018 and 2021 unsecured notes, further reducing corporate debt, extending our nearest maturity to 2022, and capturing nearly $50 million in incremental annual cash interest savings. These redemptions also represent the completion of our 2017 capital allocation plan and place us on track to achieving our leverage ratio target announced as part of the Transformation Plan. Finally, on November 1, we closed on the sale to NRG Yield of a 38-megawatt portfolio of distributed and small utility scale solar assets which are not part of the ROFO agreement for $71 million, increasing 2017 capital available for allocation. Turning next to 2018 guidance on slide 12, although as Mauricio indicated, we remain on track to announce most of our targeted divestitures by year-end, we will continue to include those assets and businesses in our consolidated results and guidance until that process concludes. For 2018, we expect $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion in adjusted EBITDA with $950 million to $1.05 billion from Generation & Renewables, $900 million to $1 billion from Retail, which includes $30 million of margin improvements from the Transformation Plan, and $950 million from NRG Yield. Our 2018 consolidated free cash flow guidance is $1.55 billion to $1.75 billion, with $1.170 billion to $1.370 billion at the NRG level. In order to provide a pro forma view of 2018, based on midpoint guidance and moving from left to right in the table, we deduct the 2018 impact to consolidated guidance associated with divestitures which is comprised of approximately $1.4 billion in EBITDA, $670 million in consolidated free cash flow, and $290 million in NRG-level free cash flow. These 2018 divestiture impact numbers differ slightly from those used in the pro forma walk we provided as part of the Transformation Plan, which were then based on 2017 numbers. The final column provides an implied pro forma view of 2018 results based on midpoint guidance, and assuming asset sales including 100% of yield and renewables all take place as of January 1. On a pro forma basis, implied midpoint retained asset EBITDA is approximately $1.5 billion with nearly $1 billion of free cash flow. These numbers also reflect the impact of our 2017 transformation targets, including achieving $500 million of cost savings, $30 million of margin improvement, and $85 million of additional working capital efficiency. Importantly, pro forma cash balances are also, of course, further improved by up to $4 billion in expected asset sale proceeds. Beyond 2018, we expect nearly $300 million of additional upside from the full run rate of the Transformation Plan benefits as cost savings grow from $500 million in 2018 to the full $590 million by 2020 and margin improvements further expand from $30 million in 2018 to $215 million by 2020. Turning to slide 13 for a brief update on 2017 NRG-level capital allocation with changes since the prior quarter highlighted in blue, our updated 2017 capital available for allocation of $1.3 billion now reflects the proceeds received from the closing of the 38-megawatt portfolio of distributed and small utility solar assets to NRG Yield as well as the $165 million reduction in the midpoint 2017 NRG-level free cash flow before growth guidance. Turning to the GenOn settlement capital, as the GenOn noteholders on October 30 entered into and filed the consent agreement, extending the effective date milestones to as late as September 30, 2018, we now expect GenOn's to emerge from bankruptcy in 2018. However, we will continue to reserve for the GenOn settlement payment next year upon emergence. In parallel with the milestone extension, NRG and GenOn also reached agreement on a settlement term sheet in an effort to resolve certain open issues from the original RSA. With our corporate debt reduction now complete, with the redemption of the 2018 and 2021 notes, we've revised the debt reduction up slightly to reflect the principal balance of the 2021 notes actually repaid versus the $200 million delevering placeholder in our previous disclosure and we expect approximately $70 million of excess capital at year-end 2017. To complete the financial review, slide 14 provides an update on our corporate credit metrics for both 2017 and 2018. Based on our revised guidance for 2017, we expect a 2017 net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio of approximately 4.3 times. Turning to 2018, and taking into account our implied midpoint pro forma EBITDA post asset sales, which includes, again, the benefit of both cost savings and margin enhancements, and taking into account the $640 million of additional debt reduction due to divestitures, which was previously disclosed as part of the Transformation Plan, places us on track to achieve our net-debt-to-EBITDA target ratio of three times with significant surplus capital for allocation from asset sale proceeds. And with that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio for his closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kirk. Turning to slide 16, I want to provide a few closing thoughts on our 2017 priorities. We have made significant progress across all the goals we set for the organization. We remain focused on delivering results and executing on the Transformation Plan. We have exceeded our 2017 targeted cost savings and continued to reduce our debt profile in order to achieve our corporate credit metrics. As we continue to work diligently through the asset sales process, I look forward to providing you with further detail on sale announcements upon reaching agreement. We also continue to make good progress on GenOn. We have worked with GenOn to resolve open issues in the restructuring support agreement, which were detailed in the summary term sheet filed in our 8-K this week. This includes items such as the timing and nature of transition services, the treatment of NRG's Canal 3 project, and other post employment benefit obligations. We stake these terms will be finalizing the plan confirmation on November 13 and will set the path forward for GenOn's emergence from bankruptcy. On a final note, I promise all of you that we would provide a more robust plan and opportunity for strategic discussion through an Analyst Day. We are planning to hold our Analyst Day in March of 2018, where we will provide you with an update on our transformation plan progress, updated financials, as well as details around the strategic direction of our business. So with that, I want to thank you for your time today and your interest in NRG and with that, Takeisha, we are now open – we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So perhaps a quick first question, follows up a little bit on what you just alluded to in your closing remarks there, but can you elaborate a little bit? I suppose the last time you all spoke, you talked about potentially getting some data points on asset sales, potentially before this call. I wanted to perhaps delve into a little bit more in light of the hurricane, realizing that now you've disclosed that Cottonwood was actually out during the quarter. Was that part of the delay potentially here? I mean, obviously some of your peers may have seen delays in their own closing of sales processes as well. Can you comment on that as well as the timeline for bringing back Greens Bayuo and Gregory and how that might be complicating the process still?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Well, Julien. First of all, welcome back. It's good to talk to you again. And I mean, we only disclose on the asset sale process, the sale of our Renewables business. We didn't provide any additional details on the conventional assets. So with that in mind, what I can tell you is that some of the businesses that we have, which are very high-quality businesses are large and complex and that takes time in terms of due diligence. And as you alluded to, Hurricane Harvey impacted some of the activities and due diligence events that we were planning. So without providing you any more information, all I can tell you is that, yes, Hurricane Harvey impacted some of the processes, but I'm still confident that we will be able to announce something by the end of the year in the vast majority of our processes. With respect to the two plans that you alluded, I mean, right now, we are evaluating our return to service strategy and as you can tell, there has been significant changes in the ERCOT market due to the retirement. So I think that has – we're taking that into consideration as we look at the economics of our power plants, particularly those two power plants. Was there – I think that was it, right, Julien? I want to make sure that I got.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, no, absolutely. Thank you. And then maybe let me just ask you this real quickly as a quick follow-up here. Can you elaborate a little bit on your retail efforts? I mean, obviously, they're pretty meaningful improvement in margin that you've talked about at least the last time. Can you elaborate a little bit on where you stand against that, both in terms of the portion of new versus existing customers in that $215 million you initially articulated?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, and I think it's important for us to remind everybody that the margin enhancement target starts in earnest in 2018 so we don't have a specific goal in 2017. But having said that, we're getting ready. The team is not waiting for 2018. We're making really good progress in assessing and evaluating our platform from the IT infrastructure to data analytics. What I will tell you is that we're focusing on a couple of things specifically. One is looking at the effectiveness of our sales channels and increasing that effectiveness. We're advancing some of the secondary products that we have and getting ready to provide that to our customers. We have now initiated our digital transformation to provide additional and more seamless customer experience. We are further integrating our Generation and our Retail business and while I am very pleased with that integration, I think we're now going into the next phase of integration. All of these efforts, as you can appreciate, are interconnected. So we are strengthening the IT platform, the analytics platform to make sure that, while these efforts are going in parallel, the information now travels faster and better throughout the entire retail business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And you can't say which portion is new versus existing though, right, within that?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, most of – a lot of these are new and/or improving what already exist. As I think as I said before, I am very proud of the Retail business that we have and the strong brand recognition that we enjoy particularly in Texas, but we did a very comprehensive review. We had an opportunity not only to look at the cost structure of Retail, but also the competitiveness of our Retail business even outside of power – retail power. And these are the best practices that now are making its way. So right now, we're in the process of evaluating, planning, assessing, getting ready for implementation, which as I said, will happen in earnest in 2018.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you all so much. Good luck.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Julien, good to have you back.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: So I think the – just talking about the quarter a little bit, I think we understood what the hurricane and weather impacts were going to be in the quarter, and are more or less in line with – had guesstimated that the impact would be around $50 million to $75 million, which you guys came in at $65 million on that front, but can you explain what happened with Boston Energy? And should we be concerned about that going forward or is that business not expected to be a contributor in your pro forma EBITDA guidance?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Kirk?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: In terms of – just to put it in perspective, so year-over-year, I think for the full year, at BETM, we had about $38 million in 2016. We're certainly below that in terms of 2017. Obviously, a trading business is impacted by movements in the market prices, (33:08) natural gas with power. And obviously, some of the movements that took place, in particular around some of the impacts of Hurricane Harvey, impacted the trading positions there or some of the positions that were taken. We do not expect significant contribution from BETM on an ongoing basis, moving forward. We're not significantly reliant on that in our 2018 guidance.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, great. And then you have modified your language around the asset sales. I think Julien went over some of that, but you're now no longer assuming that a 50% sale of NRG Yield is in the realm of the possible. I apologize if you discussed this earlier, I was multitasking, but what's changed in the process to get you so confident that you'll now be exiting 100% of the business?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Greg, no, that's a good observation and as I said, I mean, it varies material developments in the sales process. My commitment to you was to communicate that and as we are advancing through the sales process of the Renewables business, in ASCOM, clear to us that the most likely outcome will be the 100% sale of our Renewables business. And that's why I think that's the modification that we want to, or the update that we wanted to give to the market. So when you think about now, the range that we provided, we are looking now at the up to $4 billion and 100% sale of our Renewables business, which I am very confident that will happen by the end of the year and we'll be able to announce something.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Great. And then in terms of the outlook, you're on credit watch for upgrade at Moody's and I know your bonds have responded extremely favorably to that. Are there now opportunities for potential accretive refinancings that weren't necessarily in the base case cash flow forecast that you laid out in the Transformation Plan? And also, should we assume that you're hopefully not building in any point of view on whether PJM price reform will happen or whether we'll have a return of volatility? In your outlook, you're just simply using the current curves?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Greg, that is correct. We don't assume any potential upside. The guidance that we provide to you is based on the forward markets. Now, with respect to be financings, Kirk, the refinancing opportunities.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Greg, I would say your observation and intuition are directionally correct. We are always mindful in monitoring the trading levels on bonds in the high-yield market. And clearly, we've seen a rally there where I think most of the yields on our bonds, A, they're trading at a premium, which means they're trading inside the nominal coupons, in almost every case. In fact, I think in every case, all the way out to the longest maturity inside six, which is really sort of an attractive long-term rate for unsecured financing at that credit level. So we will certainly continue to monitor that. We have some near-term callable debt. So I think our approach to the leverage side of the balance sheet is going to be a balance of obviously, first and foremost, maintaining that three times net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio, but in the process, I'm a big believer in, obviously, interest savings on accretive or NTV positive basis in addition to maturity extension. So I think you'd see us looking at that pretty closely. I think at or around the bond levels are trading right now, especially on the longest dated maturities, which is the best barometer or we can refinance on a long-term rate. We are at or even slightly ahead of what would be an implied accretive transaction. So I think that is certainly not beyond the realm of possibility and we'll continue to monitor that closely to sort of blend in that opportunistic refinancing and maturity extension, which is driving those balance sheet ratios to where we want them to be.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Fantastic. Thank you, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Abe.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: With your pro forma credit metrics on slide 18 showing close to one times net-debt-to-EBITDA, do you have any further thoughts on what you might do with excess balance sheet capacity?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Abe. So I mean the first thing, as you can appreciate is executing on the Transformation Plan to provide the flexibility, the capital flexibility, the financial flexibility that we have and really to have enhanced excess capital. We have laid out our priorities. We're going to follow very disciplined our capital allocation priorities and to remind everybody, first and foremost, is to ensure the safe and reliable operations of our Generation and Retail business. Second is the credit metrics and, as Kirk pointed out, I mean we have a pretty good line of sight with asset sales in 2018 to achieve it. Then, you have the – any growth opportunities and we have laid out the financial guidelines to invest this 12% to 15% return and five-year payback. And then final is returning capital to shareholders and these two I see them interrelated. They have to be benchmarked in an absolute and on a relative basis. But what I will tell you is right now, I cannot think of any more compelling investment than our own stock, given the Transformation Plan that we have laid out. But, again, I think is – we need to go through our priorities first and foremost, is have the capital, then get to our credit metrics and then we can start talking about allocating capital.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And then with the way your PJM portfolio has transformed mostly into a capacity play, do you see material potential benefit if PJM changes the inflexible pricing rule?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Absolutely. I mean, we, particularly around the (39:25) area, we have a lot of base load generation, coal base load generation. If PJM moves forward to improve their price formation and acknowledge that, you have inflexible units that auto set their marginal price during off-peak hours. This will have a positive impact on prices, which will have a positive impact particularly on that part of our portfolio. Keep in mind that the rest is around low pockets, so the location of that is very important, around New York City, Southwest Connecticut. So I'm very comfortable with the portfolio that we have right now at PJM and the potential positive impact that these reforms can have on it.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. And then, is there any color you can provide on what the type of buyer for the NRG Yield and the Renewables stake could look like? Is the outlook in transaction yesterday, is that a model for what you guys could do on NRG Yield or is that too different?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, I hope that you appreciate that we're in very advance stages in many of our process including the Renewables. So I don't think it will be prudent at this late stage in the game to provide you any additional information that could potentially compromised the sales process. So I promise you that, as soon as we have more information to share with you, we will do it in a very promptly manner, but first and foremost is to make sure that these processes run its course as smooth and as good as we can possibly make it.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good luck.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman of Wolf research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Mauricio. So I just want to tie in some of the updated – the 2018 guidance to your kind of Transformation Plan announcements. So, if you look at the post asset sales of the $1.5 billion EBITDA you're giving, and then if you add in the full run rate to 2020 on the cost of the margin enhancement, I'm getting more like $1.770 billion or something, and I think you had said $1.845 billion. So I think, first, is that correct? And secondly, I think you mentioned Petra Nova maybe is a little lighter. So just is there a little bit of changes in some of the components there?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Steve, it's Kirk. The high level answer is no. We are still on track, as I said, to hit that target by the time we get out to 2020. And obviously, I think directionally, just focusing on the mid-point, you're correct, but a few things are true. One, in 2018, as Mauricio mentioned, there's a few assets still offline, remains to be seen what we do with those, and we mentioned in particular, Greens Bayou and Gregory. In addition, our Encina plant, which we don't have a contract for yet for capacity in 2018, so we basically have no contribution there, I think there is reason to be optimistic to see that come back online. But more importantly, as you move from 2018 and beyond, Petra Nova is still not a significant contributor in 2018, but as that ramps up, we still expect that to contribute to at least more meaningfully on a relative basis, albeit governed by what Mauricio indicated was lower volumes. More importantly, the Carlsbad Energy Center project, which still has actually a slight negative EBITDA contribution in 2018 as we complete that project, as we move into 2019 and beyond, you've got a pretty significant contribution there from that particular asset, in order of magnitude, to give you a sense, $80 million to $90 million of EBITDA run-rate basis points once you want to get beyond 2018. So that's the reason, sort of looking for that $1.845 billion as a target for full Transformation Plan and full achievement of some of those assets in Carlsbad still coming online.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And then secondly, just maybe high level, Mauricio, assuming that ERCOT is going to be a much stronger market in 2018 than we thought, can you just give us your thought of the NRG Texas portfolio both Wholesale, Retail, and how much of that benefit do you capture given that you're both long and short? How should we think about that?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Well, first, let me address the Generation business and our portfolio is very close to low pockets around the Houston area. So either way they carry some inherent locational value that we have been very vocal toward that they need to recognize. As heat rates increase, we benefit both from our base load generation and our peaking generation. If you look at the hedges, the hedge disclosures that we have put in the appendix, we have now pivoted to where we're significantly open in 2019 and beyond and that has been on purpose. We were expecting a tightening in the market. We've been talking about asset retirements. We've been talking about the load growth that we have seen and the potential delays of new generation. So we actually have positioned the portfolio very favorably to benefit from these strong fundamentals that we're seeing. On the Retail side, while you are correct in the short term, in terms of some of our customers and the shore position, keep in mind that we don't necessarily manage a shore position in Retail. For any (45:39) that we have, we have Generation. We back to back it. It's about retail margins. We don't speculate the commodity market with our Retail business. As you move out when you have on price load but expected load, we have the opportunity to pass whatever is that cost and the prices to customers just like any other retailer do so we don't necessarily harm our competitiveness in the market. We just reflect the supply cost inherent in the market. Now obviously, there is a – we've always say that these two businesses move countercyclical that's why they're so complementary and you see commodity prices rise, we would expect some pressure on the Retail. But it is more than offset by the gains that you have on the Generation business.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Shah.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Most of my questions were answered at this point, but let me just on Texas and ERCOT. I mean, obviously, you've highlighted some big moves from some of the coal -retirements your peers had. So as you're sort of finalizing your asset sales by year-end, what are your thoughts on how you're thinking about selling parts of Texas especially given this call option you have on coal retirement and market tightening?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Well, right now, we're very comfortable with our Texas portfolio, and given the Retail business that we have and we're always looking at balancing our Generation and Retail. We're trying to move out now in the Northeast and the transformation plan has actually accelerated that rebalancing. But in Texas, we are very comfortable. You look at the peak load that we have on our Retail business, you look at our capacity and when you peel the onion a little bit, one layer more, we have base load generation at peak. And base load generation allows us to have a lot of the credit synergies that we look for when you put these two businesses together. Our peaking facility provides us the flexibility to manage peak loads. So far, the load following or the mid-merit, we've been able to buy that from the market at very attractive economics. Right now, we are very comfortable with acquisition. We have no – but if that changes, we will start looking at mid-merit. But what I can tell you is for now and the next couple of years, I am just very comfortable the way we have positioned our Retail and our Generation business in Texas, base load peaking and then going to market for mid-merit.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: That's helpful. And then just on your margin enhancement, it's good to see that it's underway. That's obviously one of the tougher drivers for investors to kind of model. I know it's early, but are you seeing any kind of opportunities in this stage to potentially accelerate ahead of some of your preliminary expectations similar to some of your cost cuts?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. So what we have done is really, we're trying to have it in a jump start on our margin enhancement and while the margin target's starting 2018, all the work that needs to be done behind the scenes is already happening in earnest in 2017. So getting ready, our platform, our IT platform, our high grading our analytics, evaluating the – and increasing the effectiveness of our sales channels, looking at secondary products like natural gas and security and investing in the digital transformation that it's going to make it much easier for customers to interact and engage with us. I mean, all of those things are happening right now, but these are the foundation to have a very successful effort in 2018, when we start capitalizing and monetizing in these investments. So I don't want to leave you with the impression that somehow we're waiting, the team is waiting for 2018 just because that's where we have the target. I mean, everybody's right now focused on building the platform so we hit 2018 running.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: That's helpful. Thanks again.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Shah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey guys. Couple of questions, one on Texas. Saw that you hedged a lot of 2018; also saw that you didn't really hedge that much more of 2019. Just curious, is that a market and fundamentals view, meaning that you still think there's dramatic upside left into 2019? Or is that a liquidity where you wanted to hedge it, but you couldn't actually get it done?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey, Michael, Chris here. That has more to do with making sure that our Retail side is flat against expected load and et cetera, so we make sure that they're covered up and since most of the expected retail load is kind of front-loaded, that's probably what you're seeing in the chart.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. The other question, just thinking about the conventional generation portfolio, if you had to look at the assets post the GenOn separation that you'll own in PJM New York, New England, which of those markets do you feel stronger about, meaning where you think you'll get good returns, good cash flow out? Which of those three markets are you more concerned about kind of the direction of the market to own conventional generation?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. So we have been very optimistic about PJM. The introduction of capacity and then the capacity performance, the attribute that highlights their reliability component of the grid, now the conversation around resiliency and just the market structure and the leadership in PJM to support competitive markets is – we're very optimistic about that. But as you think about our generation portfolio in the Northeast, now with position in PJM and particularly in comment, which has been a premium location, New York City and Southwest Connecticut. And with the objective of balancing our Generation and Retail business, I mean, we are trying to – we are focused on perfecting the integrated platform. A lot of the generation is going to be driven by our retail needs and how we grow retail and a lot of our retail is going to be driven by where we have generation. So we are right now, in the process of balancing the portfolio. As even without the GenOn assets and some of the conventional asset sales, we're still long generation in PJM. I mean, we have a ways to go before we have a balanced portfolio like we have in Texas so we have a lot of room to grow in Retail. But just in terms of market structure, I would put PJM number one, I think New England number two and New York number three, if I had to force rank them.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you. Last question, just coming back to Texas a little bit, with the big move in on-peak prices after recent coal plant retirement announcements, is that move enough to bring coal plants back into free cash flow breakeven? Or when you look at the market today with the big move in prices, are coal plants in the market still struggling to have cash flow breakeven?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, I think it's very plant-dependent. I don't think you can paint with a broad brush and just say coal plants generic, how is their economics? I mean, it has to do with where they are located in the grid, what type of coal they burn, what is their environmental profile? Do they have environmental controls already in place or not? What are the rules that are coming down the pipe? So I don't think you can make a blank statement like that. What I have said in the past is our coal generation in Texas, I feel very comfortable with it given the size, the coal that they burn, which is PRB and the location in the grid and the environmental controls that they have. I mean, we feel very comfortable where they are right now. Clearly, the expected retirements that we've been talking for a while were announced. That has an impact on prices. But as I said, an impact, but it's not enough to bring – to justify new build economics. So if ERCOT falls below the target reserve margins, I think more needs to be done in the market to incentivize new generation to come back, but that's how I think about our coal portfolio under these economics. I mean, somebody else is, I think, you can clearly see that these were uneconomic plans that were difficult to justify and we're just encouraged that they're behaving – they're taking uneconomic generation out of market and behaving rationally.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks, Mauricio, much appreciated.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question. Our final question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you, good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Morming. Mauricio, a couple of questions on the 2018 guidance. First off, when I look at your retail guidance for 2018 and as you pointed out, there's a very small component of margin enhancement, I believe only $22 million or so. So if I exclude that, the underlying retail EBITDA for 2018 is probably the highest that I've ever seen, certainly in the last five years maybe longer. What's causing that number to be so high in 2018?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. So the 2018 numbers, remember, are impacted by our cost savings and that we have significant – the cost savings initiative on our Transformation Plan is really at ease. That's when you see the bulk of it.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So Retail is not just margin enhancement? A lot of the cost savings are flowing through the Retail segment as well?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Correct. I mean, you have the $30 million margin enhancement that Kirk already alluded to, and then you have the cost savings that had been laid out in the Transformation Plan and that we are well ahead of 2017, so that's the combination of the two.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I see, and then – but on a full NRG level basis, when I look at the midpoint of your 2018 guidance, and I compare it to the midpoint of your revised 2017 guidance, if I exclude the cost saving pick up, the numbers are almost flat. Given the capacity margin, revenue increase, you're seeing 2018 over 2017, I'm just wondering why that would be the case?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah, Ali, it's Kirk. There's some puts and takes, I mean that was in – when I responded with Steve on the call earlier, with Gregory, which is certainly a part and brings value et cetera in 2017 that currently, we have zero EBITDA for those two plants, that are currently offline as well as the Encino plant not having any at least EBITDA baked into our guidance on the base that we don't currently have a capacity contract there. So there's a little bit of non-same-store on that basis between 2017 and 2018 where that's concerned. So some of that contributes to that. So basically, as we said all along, in 2017, even in the period of time when we were looking at our midpoint guidance, we talked about being sort of setting the baseline, if you will, which is why we anchored that and look forward. So we've never looked at the 2017 to 2018 numbers as a hockey stick, but there are some market recoveries. There's certainly the cost improvement that contribute to that, and then as I said before, there's a few elements namely around the plant side where we don't have the same contribution on an EBITDA basis. So it's a combination of those elements.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Last question. Big picture-wise, as you're looking at – as you said, fairly advanced sale processes across the board, the mix of buyers both strategic and financial, is it more financial? Just a sense of who is out there generally.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: No, Ali, I mean, I think on the outset, we provided some color on that. We wanted to put businesses that were very attractive, that were very high quality assets, that were unique and so attract the vast majority of the assets of the prospective buyers. So you know, given where we are on the processes, under late stage on many of the processes. I don't think it's prudent for me to even provide any color on the type of buyers that are in the process. What I will tell you is that they were a very wide array of – we really attracted a number, a very wide array of buyers in the process, but that's as much as I can disclose for you, Ali, at this point.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you. And thank you, all of you for your interest in NRG and I look forward to talking to you when we have more information about the asset sales process. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc. Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc. Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc. Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Takia. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's second quarter 2017 earnings call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes, and being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. As this is an earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation as well as risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. In addition, we'll refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and presentation. Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning everyone. I'm joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Chris Moser, Head of Operations; and Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail business. Just a few weeks ago, we announced our comprehensive and multi-dimensional transformation plan. Since then, we've had the opportunity to speak with many of you in great detail about our plan, which will better position us as the leader in the competitive power space. We are actively engaged on all fronts, and I look forward to updating you on our hard work and progress in the next quarter. But for this call, we will keep our remarks brief and focus on our quarterly results. Also, you will know that all the financial and operational results discussed today do not include GenOn due to its bankruptcy filing. Starting on slide 4 with the summary and highlights for the quarter. Today, we're reporting second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $685 million, in line with our second quarter results from last year and $240 million in consolidated free cash flow before growth. We are also reaffirming our full-year financial guidance for 2017 for both EBITDA and free cash flow. Our integrated platform performed quite well during the quarter. Both Generation and Retail financial results were slightly lower given the mild weather experienced in the quarter and lower hedged prices. This was offset by strong results from Renewables, NRG Yield and the change in our Home Solar business model announced early in the year. We also remain focused on execution and made significant progress on our key priorities. First, we continue to execute on our capital recycling program with NRG Yield. We completed one dropdown and made two separate offers that will further strengthen that partnership. We believe these transactions highlight the renewable platform stability to enhance Yield's growth going forward, with opportunities both inside and outside of the current ROFO Agreement. Second, we announced our transformation plan, which laid out a much clear path of value for investors and will significantly strengthen and simplify our business, so that it will provide in many market cycles. And finally, we made substantial progress towards resolving GenOn. We continued to work diligently with GenOn and its stakeholders through the bankruptcy process and can report that GenOn currently remains on track to emerge from bankruptcy by the year-end. As you can see, it has been a busy several months, and I am extremely proud of all the hard work and focus that have gone into making this a strong quarter for our business. Turning to our key operational metrics on slide 5. I am very pleased with our safety performance for the quarter. We are just shy of top decile performance with 108 out of 129 facilities operating without a single recordable injury. We actually have fewer injuries year-over-year. And while these numbers are good, we will never be satisfied. The safety of our people is our number one priority, and we will continue to focus our resources on improving our safety record over the balance of the year and beyond. Performance was strong for our generation fleet. Total megawatts produced were 6% higher compared to the same period last year. This increase was driven largely by the return to service of our South Central Cottonwood combined-cycle plant following a significant flooding event in the first quarter of 2016, as well as higher coal generation. The availability of our generation fleet also increased during the quarter as we had fewer repowering and environmental compliance outages. More importantly, our fleet was available almost 94% of the time as you can see by our In the Money Availability metric. Our Retail business delivered a steady quarter driven by strong customer acquisition and retention, as well as reductions in operating costs. Both sales and customer account increased helping to offset milder than normal weather. Now moving to our key market on slide 6. Starting on the left side of the page with the ERCOT market. The fundamentals in this market are strong, and we continued to see trends that point to market tightening over the next several years. Weather-normalized demand growth in ERCOT has averaged 2.3% over the last 12 months, which is well above the flat to negative growth of every other competitive market in the country. This steady demand has been driven by strong increases in population and employment as well as new coastal demand from the industrial sector. On the supply side, we continue to see delays in new builds with actual megawatts brought online coming in well below expectations. Since the latest CDR report for May, we have seen 1-gigawatt of new generation being delayed from 2018 to later years and a new 700-megawatt combined-cycle removed from the CDR. At the same time, we're seeing continued pressure for retirements given the low prices experienced in Texas over the past several years. These market dynamics have become evident in the reserve margin calculation that indicates the tightness of market supply versus peak demand. As you can see in the chart, just in the last 18 months, reserve margins for 2018 went from the mid 20s to the high-teens. And it does not take too much in terms of additional retirements, load growth or delays to get to single-digit numbers. For these reasons, ERCOT remains the most attractive market in our opinion. However, there are changes that need to be made to strengthen the market, including marginal losses, improved locational scarcity pricing and enhanced performance of the ORDC. We will continue our work with ERCOT, the PUCT and other stakeholders to improve price formation and ensure the well functioning of ERCOT's energy-only market. Turning to the right side of our slide, I want to highlight the premium location of our generation fleet. In Texas, we have seen price separation between Houston and other areas. This is driven primarily by strong load growth in the area and transmission congestion. The Houston load pocket is where most of our generation is located, and given the drivers I mentioned, we would expect this premium to continue in the future. Turning to PJM. During the quarter, we had the 2021 BRA Capacity Auction, which was the first with 100% capacity performance requirement. As you can see on the chart, over 85% of our capacity in PJM clear in the ComEd premium zone at almost $190 per megawatt day. These are two clear examples of our plans having a competitive advantage, given their location near load pockets benefiting from premium prices. Before handing things over to Kirk on the topic of markets, I want to take a moment to reiterate NRG's strong support and advocacy of competitive markets for both retail and wholesale. We are disappointed with the rulings in New York and Illinois regarding subsidies for nuclear generation. However, there are strong grounds for appeal in these cases. We will continue to be a vocal advocate for competitive markets and expect (09:50) both the courts and the new FERC commissioners to take a fresh look at this issue. We remain optimistic that these subsidies will be found to be damaging to both the market and to consumers as these cases progress to the core system. I will now turn to Kirk for our financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to financial summary on slide 8. For the second quarter, NRG delivered $685 million in adjusted EBITDA and $240 million in consolidated free cash flow before growth. Total adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was relatively in line with the second quarter of 2016 and Generation and Renewables contributed $212 million in adjusted EBITDA during the quarter while Retail and Yield delivered $203 million and $270 million, respectively. As a reminder and as I reviewed during our transformation plan presentation a couple of weeks ago, our consolidated financial results as well as our guidance now reflect a deconsolidation of GenOn. Turning to guidance for 2017, we are reaffirming our 2017 guidance ranges which are provided and updated as a part of our transformation plan rollout to reflect adjustments related to the deconsolidation of GenOn as well as the impact of $65 million in 2017 cost savings and $175 million in one-time working capital improvements from the plan. For your reference, I've included in the appendix the slide from our transformation plan presentation, which details these two adjustments to 2017 guidance. As a reminder, however, as I also indicated on the transformation plan call, our expectations for the balance of the year continue to place us at the lower end of the guidance range. On August 1, we closed the sale to NRG Yield of our remaining 25% interest in the TE Wind portfolio consisting of 12 wind projects for a total cash consideration of $41 million. In addition, we have now offered yield a 38-megawatt portfolio of distributed and small utility-scale solar assets, which are not part of the ROFO Agreement. And we have proposed the creation of the new $50 million distributed generation partnership. These potential dropdowns are subject to negotiation with and the approval by NRG Yield's independent directors. Finally, during the quarter, we successfully closed on a number of non-recourse project financings resulting in approximately $500 million in cash proceeds, including over $350 million of debt proceeds for the construction of our Carlsbad contract to cash plant in California. NRG has now repaid the $125 million outstanding balance under our corporate revolver leaving this facility now undrawn. As a reminder, we had made that draw earlier in the year to fund the corresponding drawdown by GenOn under the intercompany revolver. Although that intercompany balance remains outstanding, GenOn is required to repay the balance upon emergence from bankruptcy. And in anticipation of that event, we repaid the NRG revolver this past quarter using excess cash on hand, which we expect will be replenished upon GenOn's emergence from bankruptcy and the corresponding repayment of the intercompany revolver. Turning to slide 9 for a brief update on 2017 NRG-level capital allocation. Our updated capital available for allocation now reflects the proceeds received from the closing of the TE Wind dropdown further increasing expected surplus capital at year-end to $170 million. As we reviewed with you on July 12, we expect to significantly build on this balance during the first half of 2018 using proceeds from asset sales which assuming a sale of 100% of NRG Yield and Renewables would help drive anticipated excess cash to just over $4 billion by the end of 2018. To complete the financial review, slide 10 provides an update on our corporate credit metrics. Having previously provided a pro forma view of these ratios based on the full impact of the transformation plan, this page focuses on our expected credit ratio for 2017 with the denominator of that ratio based on the midpoint of our guidance for the year. Our expected year-end gross debt balance of $7.2 billion continues to reflect the expected deployment of $600 million in 2017 capital previously allocated toward debt reduction, which we expect to execute later this year. Our corporate credit ratios are largely unchanged since our first quarter update and we continue to expect to achieve a net corporate debt-to-EBITDA ratio of approximately 3.7 times. As we reviewed as a part of the transformation plan, we expect to be able to achieve our target 3 times ratio by 2018 based on the EBITDA benefits of the cost savings and margin improvements. Additional deleveraging in 2018 will be necessary solely as a result of the reduction in EBITDA associated with assets targeted for sale. We intend to fund this additional debt reduction with the proceeds from asset sales, and based on a 100% sale of NRG Yield and Renewables, would expect incremental debt reduction to be approximately $650 million in order to maintain our target ratio. And with that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio for his closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kirk. And to close, I want to leave you with our priorities for the balance of the year on slide 13 (sic) [slide 12]. We have remained focused on delivering our operational and financial goals while continuing to strengthen and simplify our business. Our priorities to enhance margins and streamline costs optimize our portfolio and right-size our capital structure are now integrated into our transformation plan. And we will begin updating the market on our progress starting on our third quarter call. Also, we would expect to update the market with any material announcements regarding asset sales as they occur. As we work through these sales processes and improvements, we will also provide you a more definitive timeline for our Investor Day. I thank you for your time today and your interest in NRG. And with that, operator, we're now ready to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I mean, I think the quarter speaks for itself pretty good numbers. And, I guess, the only thing that's material that seems to have changed is the inclusion of the $41 million from the dropdown in the cash available for distribution. So, let me ask you a different question. I know that when you announced the transformation plan, you had indicated that some of the sales processes had already been sort of well underway while others like the process of looking for a strategic alternative for NRG Yield had been more nascent because it had only begun formally after the board approved the full transformation plan. So, can you just give us some sense of what you think the cadence of announcements will be on disposition of assets, and what we might expect to happen in the nearer term, and what we might need to sort of be cognizant of waiting for towards the end of the year?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Greg, so, as you already pointed it out, I mean, we begun some of these processes earlier in the year. They are in very advanced stages. We tried to staggered some of these sales initiatives to make sure that we access the market in an efficient way. My expectation is that the first announcements will come out in late third quarter, early fourth quarter. I don't think you should expect every single one of the announcements to be in the fourth quarter or late fourth quarter. As soon as we know, you will know. And I think that as early as the end of the third quarter, we will be in a position to update you in the processes that we started earlier in the year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And then on the third quarter call, we'll get a sense of how far along you are in the preliminary rounds of cost optimization as well.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Absolutely. I mean, as you know, we started the sales process earlier. So, I think we're going to begin doing that sometime in the end of the third quarter. But the cost savings and the working capital and everything else is really starting in earnest now. And I will be in a position to update you and the rest of the market in our third quarter call.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you, guys. Have a good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. You've given a ton of detail over the last month. Thank you for this, in terms of your long-term planning. And by the way, super helpful. Mauricio, you made some comments about the court cases in New York and Illinois regarding nuclear subsidies. Can you talk about two things? One, what gives you what seems like such confidence on the appellate process for those cases? And two, when you look at your own nuclear plant in Texas, how do you think about whether this is a plant that's profitable at all or not, and when that's creating cash flow versus maybe just creating earnings?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Good morning, Michael. So, obviously, we're disappointed with the rulings by the District Court both in Illinois and New York. I think that you should expect that we will appeal both to the Circuit Courts. I recognize that there are some improvements that we need to make to the market, both in terms of recognizing the attributes that each power plant brings to the system and to recognize also the impact of new technologies. But where we disagree is to have an out-of-market subsidy for one specific company in a technology that is now proven and mature that, in our view, at the expense of consumers and the integrity of competitive markets. I mean, that's really the concern. So, we think that we have a strong case and with new FERC commissioners coming in, I think there will be a fresh look, a fresh perspective on the validity of our case and the potential impact that these out-of-market subsidies can have in the competitive markets. And we feel confident that this will prevail. Obviously, I can't comment anymore because this is an ongoing legal proceeding. I mean, in terms of our nuclear plant South Texas Project in Texas, and that's true for any other plant in our Generation portfolio, we are constantly evaluating the financial health of our facilities, not only in the near-term, but in the long-term. What are the prospects, what is their profitability today and tomorrow? And I will tell you, because I think we have a pretty good track record for that. To the extent that facilities are non-operating, are not cash flow positive, we've taken steps to either improve their competitiveness or to retire them if we don't see any better prospects to that. So, I think we will, in the case of STP in particular, I mean this is something that we obviously work closely with our partners. This is not just an NRG decision only. We have other two partners and we are all focused in improving the competitiveness of our nuclear plant.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abe Azar of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, and congratulations on a great quarter.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thanks, Abe. Good morning.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: How did you determine to remove 3-gigawatts from your 2018 reserve margin forecast for Texas? Any of these announced yet? Are you expecting these retirements before the summer or after the summer?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Hi. This is Chris. As we're looking at it, I think one thing is very clear about the CDR and that's that it overstates the amount of new generation that's coming and understates the amount of retirements. Now, I know that Vistra has talked about Monticello and Big Brown and Martin's Lake is being challenged, and that's 5-gigs, 5.5-gigs or so. So, we haircutted that to only 3-gigs and threw it in there as an example of what we would expect to happen sometime soon. But during this summer, no. I think it's sometime post summer.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. And just to complement what Chris said, I mean, what we tried to put here was the 2018 reserve margin. So, obviously, it's post summer of 2017. So, this is a 2018 look. And we want to make sure that people understand the levers or the drivers of the reserve margin, which translate in more or less scarcity prices. So, this will give you an assessment in terms of what we're seeing in the market in terms of delays of new builds and potential retirements that can happen in the near to medium term.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Shifting gears, how much of the cost savings are expected at Retail? And can you provide examples of how you'll achieve these savings while simultaneously growing margins?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. So, when you talk about – for Retail, we have done two things. One, there is a component that is embedded in the cost savings, in the $590 million of cost savings. And then there is a second component in terms of margin enhancement of $215 million. So, I think, when you're looking at both, I think you should look at them separately, Abe.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey. My questions were actually answered. Congrats on the quarter. Thanks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey. Thank you, Shahriar.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha of SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Mauricio, on the asset sales process, can we just clarify, are you sort of disciplining yourself to say, okay, we want deal to at least be announced in the fourth quarter by the end of this year, and if we can't get some assets across the finish line we're not going to sell them or could some of this move in to next year as well?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Ali, I mean, my expectation given where we are in the processes and the fact that we started earlier on some of them, in particular, in the conventional side my expectation is, it would have a clear line of sight by the end of the year. Obviously, we can't control the processes completely. It depends on our market response to it. But my expectation is that by the end of the year, we will have enough information to be able to provide you with our announcement on all the asset sales.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. But there's nothing to prevent – as you said, if some things are slipping into next year you're not going to stop that process.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: No. There is nothing to stop these processes. They are growing, they're growing very well. As I mentioned in the call a couple weeks ago, we've received very good response from the market so far. And I am encouraged by what I'm seeing. And I think that we'll be able to provide you something, as I mentioned earlier to Greg, as early as the third quarter call.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And on the conventional fuel side, the 6-gigawatts, are you seeing any influence from the fact that there seems to be significant amount of capacity whether it's portfolios or single assets on the market? It appears to be a buyer's market sitting from the outside. I don't know if you've seen that on the 6-gigawatt sale process.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: One thing that I think is important to recognize is that we characterize this 6-gigawatts, but these are not only assets but businesses. And these are profitable and good businesses, attractive businesses. So, they don't necessarily are competing with single asset sales completely. You should think about it as more of an integrated and comprehensive set of businesses and assets. We are seeing a lot of assets in the market, but I think what we have been able to put here is a type of asset or business that is differentiated from a single combined-cycle somewhere in the country.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Last question, Mauricio. Once the transformation is done, you're looking at an integrated platform with fossil fuel generation. Given your comments earlier, there seems to be a regulatory push towards subsidies of nuclear and renewables, ongoing subsidies of renewables. And apart from Texas, demand and load growth has been pretty flat to anemic. Does that concern you when you look at that portfolio with no renewables and this kind of market headwinds that you're going to be seeing once you're done with the transformation?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. So, I think you need to look at it on a regional basis. So, in Texas, as you know, we have a very well balanced portfolio between Retail and Generation. I feel very comfortable with the amount of base load and peaking that we have to be able to manage our load obligations and our load business that we have in Texas. It continues to be a very attractive market, a very robust market as I mentioned on the call. We're not seeing any signs of a slowdown in terms of economic growth and load growth. So, I'm very comfortable in Texas. In the Northeast, given the resolution of GenOn and some of the conventional asset sales that we're going to have, post the transformation plan, we will have an opportunity to rebalance that portfolio. And while we're going to be a little longer at generation, keep in mind that that generation is within the load pocket of the Chicago area, New York City or Southwest Connecticut and that these assets benefit significantly from capacity prices that have been very robust and continue to be robust as far as 2020, 2021. So, we have a five-year runway where it gives me a lot of comfort in terms of the rebalancing of our portfolio. And, obviously, we evaluate the composition of our integrated platform every time and we see if the asset mix that we have is the right mix to manage our load. So, that's how I think about the post-transformation plan in terms of our portfolio positioning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Ali.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is now open.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I had a question on the spread between ERCOT Houston and ERCOT North. I know it's been very healthy year-to-date, but how do you expect the Houston Import Project in 2018 to affect that spread going forward?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey, Neel. Chris here. I'll take that one. So, yeah. We've seen during work on the line some decent spreads in the real time in the day ahead especially the spring. Tapered off; now that we're in the summer, they've stopped working on it. Work will recommence here once we get into the fall. And then the question is, Houston Import Project obviously built to try and contain those spreads. Working against that might be some of these retirements in the north. Obviously, supreme load growth down in the Gulf Coast. I saw in, I think it was Megawatt Daily yesterday that Oncor reported 3.9% quarter-on-quarter growth, which is obviously – I mean, that's double what the weather norm overall Texas piece was, which I think was 2.3% for the rolling 12 months. So, I mean, look, the growth is happening. It's happening in the Gulf Coast and that's where we are. That would tend to help buoy the spreads there in spite of even Houston Import.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And it seems like the Limestone coal plant sits right at the beginning of the Houston Import Project. So, from a nodal perspective, do you expect Limestone to trade at a premium to ERCOT North or do you expect it to kind of just stay within the zone price?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, probably a slight premium. I wouldn't say it's huge and I don't think it would look just like the Houston price, but I would say slight premium.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. And the second question, Mauricio. Just thinking about the $250 million Retail margin enhancement, what base should we think of when we model the $250 million? Just from the perspective of we have retail results now, you guys are bullish to Texas generation going forward. So, if post the results, really start to materialize in Texas, then Retail should naturally come down, which isn't a bad thing.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Neel. So, well, first of all, it's $215 million just to make sure that we're correct in terms of margin enhancement. And what I said before is, obviously, when we did the comprehensive review of our business, we not only looked at cost savings but we also look at our businesses. And particularly in Retail, we knew that there is a, in terms of the scale and scope of our retail operations, there are very few people that we can actually compare ourselves to. So, we went a little outside of the power space and we went to the retail space, in the entire retail space in other industries to see what are the best practices. And we identified two areas where we can actually improve our Retail business which we are very proud off, and I think everybody recognizes our leading position in this space. And that was building up our IT infrastructure and analytics. And I think everybody recognizes the amount of information that we have from our customers. And so, there is an opportunity here to really take our Retail business to the next level, adopting some of the best practices from other industries. I think the midpoint that you were talking about, how should we think about it. For 2017, our midpoint was around $750 million give or take. So, the way I characterize this effort is, in the last three years, we grew our business roughly by $200 million. What we're saying that is in the next three years, we are going to grow it by $200 million. This, I hope, gives all of you comfort that we have done this in the past and that's what we are targeting to do in the future.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Neel.
Operator: Thank you. And we are out of time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mauricio Gutierrez, CEO, for closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Takia. And I want to thank you all for your interest in NRG, for joining us in this call. And I look forward to talking to you in the coming weeks and months. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc. Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc. Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc. Elizabeth Killinger - NRG Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Liz. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's first quarter 2017 earnings call. This morning's call will be 45 minutes and is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. As this is an earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation and press release. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail business; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. Let's start today's call with our Q1 results on slide 3. Today, we are reporting first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $412 million and reaffirming our full-year financial guidance for 2017 of $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion. Our operational execution remained outstanding during the quarter. First and foremost, we achieved top decile safety performance, which is a testament to our ability to focus on our most critical objectives. We also maintained our focus on our key strategic priorities reducing cost, optimizing assets and balance sheet management. We announced the deactivation and mothball of 1,600 megawatts of generation, reinforcing our commitment to constantly optimize our portfolio given changing market conditions. We continue our prudent approach to growth and capital recycling with a dropdown of the Utah Solar and 31% of our interest in Agua Caliente assets for $130 million in total proceeds. And today, we are announcing the offer of our remaining 25% interest in a large portfolio of wind assets from the ROFO pipeline to NRG Yield. Finally, the Business Review Committee is well underway in its evaluation and is making good progress. All businesses are engaged and we're working diligently to provide an update to the market as soon as possible. Turning to the right side of the page, I want to take a moment to identify and explain the key drivers for the quarter and touch upon our path to full-year guidance. Kirk will provide additional details later in the presentation. Let me start with the first quarter results. As you can see on the chart, the decreasing adjusted EBITDA year-over-year was driven almost entirely by the Generation business. The roll-off of higher priced hedges that were executed after the polar vortex of 2014, lower capacity revenues in the East and a few known one-time items accounted for almost 75% of the total decrease. These items were included in our guidance as we had identified 2017 as a trough year and had guided to a lower full-year result compared to 2016. The other 25% was the result of mild weather with renewable resources and advisory fees. Taking this first quarter result and our current outlook for the year, we're now trending towards the lower half of our guidance range. We expect to update our guidance once we have more clarity on the BRC and GenOn processes. Now shifting focus to our operational metrics on slide 4, as you can see, the organization remained focused on our day-to-day operations despite ongoing internal initiatives and weak market conditions. I am particularly proud of our safety record, as we delivered another quarter of top decile performance. This is a testament to our strong safety culture and excellence in operations where 142 facilities out of 158 operated without a single reportable injury. Total generation was down 9% compared to the first quarter of last year, driven primarily by lower generation in our gas and oil units and the East coal plants. This was partially offset by increases in production from our coal units in the Gulf Coast due to higher wholesale prices. Our traditional availability metric, EAF, was up from last year following the completion of an intense two years of repowering and environmental compliance outages. Although EAF increased, it doesn't tell the full story of NRG's ability to capture value when economics justify. So we introduced our In the Money Availability metric last quarter. We believe this is an improved measure of our ability to manage and balance operational performance, margin at risk, and spend while in this low commodity price environment. Our results demonstrate our ability to have units available to capture value when it matters. In our Retail business, we continued our growth. Our sales were up in both our retail mass and C&I segments where we acquired an additional 14,000 retail mass customers over the quarter, bringing us up nearly 87,000 customers year-over-year. Although margins were down slightly due to mild weather and changing customer mix, our growth in customers and customer count helped us maintain volumes. We now turn our attention to the important summer months, and I remain confident in how we have positioned both our Generation and Retail businesses in each of their respective markets. Turning to slide 5, we outline the key trends on how we have positioned our portfolio in each of our core markets. As I've described in the past, we have come a long way in diversifying our earnings, both in terms of business lines and our portfolio composition. Today, almost three-quarters of our estimated 2017 gross margin comes from sources that are not directly correlated to the price of natural gas. This diversified base of earnings drives our platform and is enhanced by the regional strategies we take in each of our markets. So let me start with the Gulf Coast. We continue to see strong growth across the region and are encouraged by the fundamental dynamics, particularly in ERCOT. Given the energy-only market structure and integrated platform of Generation and Retail, it's necessary to mitigate price volatility and deliver sustained value. From a market perspective, given the persistent low commodity prices in ERCOT for almost five years, we do see a heightened risk of both new generation being delayed and accelerated retirements that could tighten the market sooner than expected. In the East, the market continues to be centered around capacity and providing reliability at the lowest cost. Over the years, we have pivoted our fleet to focus on reliability and benefit from capacity prices while maintaining a cheap option on energy. We continue to seek opportunities to balance our generation portfolio with more retail and enjoy the benefits of an integrated platform, but we will only do that at value while recognizing the limitations of the East retail markets today. We're also encouraged by the full implementation of the capacity performance construct in the upcoming PJM auction, which creates a natural market tightening through more stringent reliability requirements. But while we believe the market construct itself can be affected, we are concerned about the recent out-of-market payments that keep uneconomic generation from leaving the system. I will be speaking more on this in a few minutes. Finally, in California, regulatory policy continues to support the decarbonization of the state's economy with a focus on renewables, quick start gas, controllable demand and increasingly energy storage. In this market, our assets are well positioned inside load pockets and have benefited from repowering opportunities. In California, we have brought online or developed over 2 gigawatts of renewables and 2.5 gigawatts of quick start gas over the past five years. This past quarter, our Carlsbad project PPA became final and non-appealable, and construction started in February. Moving on to slide 6, the fundamentals of the ERCOT market remain strong. Load growth continues to outpace the rest of the country. On a weather-normalized basis, it has averaged over 2% over the past 12 months. And as you can see on the left hand chart, ERCOT has achieved higher peak loads with lower temperatures over the past few years. The new forecast by ERCOT for 2017 puts peak demand 2.5% higher than last year and a high demand case close to 8% that is 5,000 megawatts higher. At the same time, we've experienced energy prices for the past five years with little-to-no scarcity premium. This market dynamic is putting significant pressure on both new builds and retirements, as you can see on the right side of the page. There have been a number of delays or cancellation of projects, as developers fail to justify new investment at current prices. For example, the three thermal projects slated to come online for the summer of 2018 have not yet indicated that they have begun construction and are unlikely to achieve commercial operations prior to next summer. Now, turning to retirements, ERCOT has historically understated the actual number of megawatts leaving the system, as you can see, from the period between 2009 and 2016. Looking forward, we see the same anemic estimate for retirements in the reports, assuming only 840 megawatts between 2017 and 2022. In April, we announced that Greens Bayou 5 will go into mothball status, thus 371 megawatts alone leaving the market. And we believe that there are close to 5 to 6 gigawatts of already identified generation at risk today in the market. As we look at the future reserve margins in the high-teens, we cannot help, but think about the higher loads, less new builds and more retirements quickly tightening the market and creating scarcity conditions. In our view, ERCOT remains the most attractive market in terms of market fundamentals, but we need to see significantly better price signals before we can start deploying additional capital. Now turning to the East on slide 7, NRG margins remain challenged given low natural gas prices and new efficient generation, but we maintain our positive outlook on capacity markets, particularly in PJM, which implements the first 100% capacity performance auction later this month. In this construct, the higher reliability requirement will create challenges for the megawatts that cleared in previous auctions as base capacity, including less reliable generation and demand response. These resources will have to make a decision between taking themselves out of the market or pricing in a higher reliability premium. While we see positive changes like the capacity performance construct in PJM and other East markets, we are concerned about increasing activity by the states to undermine the integrity of competitive markets. Out-of-market subsidies and contracts distort pricing that was needed to attract new capital investment, but often raising prices for the end users. We and a number of other parties have filed legal challenges to the nuclear subsidies in both New York and Illinois because we believe they're not legal and because regulators should focus on crafting competitive solutions for public policy objectives. We are encouraged by the support from PJM, its market monitor, other generators and consumer groups. You can expect NRG to continue to be a leader in these efforts to protect the well functioning of competitive markets. So, with that, I will turn it to Kirk to talk about the financial results for the quarter.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning, everyone. Turning to financial summary on slide 9, NRG delivered $412 million in adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter, Generation and Renewables delivered $95 million in adjusted EBITDA during the quarter while Retail and Yield contributed $133 million and $184 million. As Mauricio discussed earlier, our first quarter results relative to 2016 were impacted by a combination of expected changes as well as other unexpected variances. As shown in the chart in the bottom half of the page, approximately 75% of the quarter-over-quarter change in EBITDA was anticipated and occurred in our Generation segment. The majority of this anticipated variance was a result of the impact of lower realized energy margins including the roll-off of higher priced hedges in 2016 combined with the one-time impact with the sale of emissions credits. The remainder of this expected change in the Generation segment was due to a combination of lower year-over-year capacity prices as well as the shift of hedge revenues from 2017 to 2016 as a result of the early monetization of hedges at GenOn. The remaining quarter-over-quarter variance was primarily due to the impact of milder weather, which affected all four of our major segments during the quarter. Our Retail business was primarily impacted by lower margins resulted from a combination of milder weather and higher supply costs while both NRG Yield and Renewables saw below-normal solar insulation and wind speeds, primarily in California. The milder than the normal weather for the quarter also impacted the Generation segment, particularly in the East. And finally, we saw additional G&A expenses due to advisory fees largely associated with the newly formed Business Review Committee we established late in the quarter. Turning to the outlook for full year 2017, we are reaffirming our guidance ranges for the year of $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion in adjusted EBITDA and $800 million to $1 billion in free cash flow before growth. However, taking into account the first quarter results and our current outlook for the balance of the year, we are currently tracking toward the lower half of these ranges. Importantly, as Mauricio noted, this outlook does not yet reflect the impact of the BRC and GenOn processes. We anticipate having clarity on these processes and their resulting impact on guidance in the near term. Turning to slide 10 for a brief update on 2017 NRG-level capital allocation, having now closed on the dropdown of the Utah assets and the partial interest in Agua Caliente to NRG Yield during the quarter, our capital available for allocation stands at approximately $1 billion. And having now offered our remaining 25% stake in the TE Wind portfolio to NRG Yield, we are focused on completing this transaction later in the year to further augment available capital at the NRG level. Our planned capital allocation for the year also remains unchanged including approximately 70% allocated to debt reduction to further strengthen the balance sheet. We expect to execute on the bulk of this de-levering in late 2017, as we approach the maturity date of our 2018 notes as well as more attractive pricing on callable debt. With growth investments and shareholder dividends unchanged since our previous update, we continue to anticipate approximately $75 million of excess capital yet to be allocated and we'll address the expected use of this excess later in the year. Finally, slide 11 provides an update on 2017 corporate credit metrics. There are two changes to highlight since our last update. First, during the quarter, GenOn drew $125 million under the secured intercompany credit facility with NRG. NRG in turn funded this via a draw on our corporate credit facility in the same amount. The draw under the intercompany GenOn revolver was the result of a drawdown on the $125 million letter of credit posted by GenOn in support of GENMA. Although this drawdown was a result of a claim of default by the owner lessors, GENMA disagrees with the default claim and the associated drawdown on the letters of credit and is in the process of pursuing its rights and remedies. Although we view this drawdown on the NRG revolving credit facility as temporary, pending the resolution of this dispute, we have updated our corporate debt balance as well as the GenOn-level total debt to reflect the $125 million increase. As to the second change, turning to the right side of the slide, given the lower than expected first quarter results, primarily at the GENMA and REMA subsidiaries within GenOn as well as additional costs associated with the ongoing restructuring process, we are reducing the GenOn midpoint of the adjustments to our midpoint EBITDA guidance used to arrive at corporate-level EBITDA. The net impact of these changes on corporate credit ratios, however, is very minor, as our resulting 2017 gross corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratio is now 4.17 times versus 4.13 times in our prior quarter update. As we began last quarter, we've also shown this ratio on a net debt to EBITDA basis, which remains under 4 times. With that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio for his closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kirk. And in closing, you can see on slide 13 that we have made good progress against our key priorities this quarter. With respect to GenOn, we continue to evaluate all options available in advance of the upcoming bond maturities on June 15 of this year with our primary goal of negotiating a comprehensive solution to satisfy our stated core principles. We, along with GenOn, remain in active dialog with GenOn's creditors while we continue to evaluate and pursue a broader range of possible outcomes. To that end, GenOn recently appointed a new dedicated CEO to assist in these ongoing efforts. I expect to update the market in the near term. As I look into the summer and beyond, I am confident in our ability to deliver strong results across our well diversified and integrated platform with a philosophy of continuous improvement. Thank you. And with that, operator, we're ready to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So when I look at the slide 3 and also I look at page 9, although you haven't given specific – you haven't called out specific numbers, but it looks like weather and advisory fees could have been numbers approaching $75 million to $100 million of variance in the quarter, is that within the realm of reasonableness or not because if it is, it looks like, all things equal, you probably would have had a decent quarter, had you not had those things that were out of your control?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Greg, it was actually around the $100 million. A quarter of that was advisory fees, and if you look at the two drivers of the remaining, it was a really the mild weather that affected Retail and Generation, and it was the lower wind speeds and solar insulation that impacted Yield and Renewables.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Right. And so on page 11, again just I think you were pretty clear, the low – slightly higher gross and net debt to EBITDA is purely a function of where the quarter came in and where you are on the guidance range.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Greg, it's Kirk. That's true with respect to the denominator because we basically adjusted out less with respect to GenOn. It's really the numerator component of that, as I indicated earlier, that we did increase the corporate debt just associated with that drawdown under the intercompany revolver, which NRG in turn funded by drawing its own revolver.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Sorry, I had to top off on the call for a second, so I missed that. What is the – can you give us – this is my last question – sort of a specific expectation for a timeline on when the business review will be complete? Should we expect that update to come in conjunction with the Q2 earnings call or if it comes to resolution prior to the earnings call with a significant enough margin of time, would you do a separate disclosure?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Greg, I think we're making really good progress inside the BRC. As I mentioned, the entire companies are engaged, all the businesses are engaged. As you all know, we have a now (24:52) date of August 15, but we're working as diligent as we can to be able to communicate to the market as soon as possible. So if that merits – if we come to a conclusion and if that merits a standalone call before the earnings call, we will do that. My objective is to communicate that as soon as we have resolution and really not waiting for a quarterly earnings call. So if we have something to say, we're going to say it as soon as we can.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. I actually do have one more question, sorry, on Retail since you have your retail guru on the call with you. There's obviously been a significant move by your competitors to enhance their retail sales channel capabilities. We're also in an environment with very low volatility and very low pricing. Your customer count was up in the quarter, but your EBITDA results were lower. Are we starting to experience a significant amount of competition for certain types of customers and how should we – if that is a reason why (25:56) we factor that in?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Well, that's a good question, Greg. And before I pass it on to Elizabeth, just to make sure on the quarter, if you can see, we actually have milder weather and wholesale prices quarter-on-quarter were higher. So that really and naturally that compresses our gross margin, but in terms of the competitive landscape on Retail, Elizabeth, can you answer the question?
Elizabeth Killinger - NRG Energy, Inc.: Sure. Thank you. I appreciate the question. So I would say right now, we are not seeing any more competition than we have historically seen and NRG's retail engine is very strong. We have great momentum in both customer acquisition and retention, demonstrated really by our customer growth. Once again, we grew 14,000 customers in the quarter. Mauricio mentioned, last year in Texas alone, we grew by 87,000 customers. Every one of our competitors is looking at declines of some level and that customer growth actually mitigated the impact that we would have seen otherwise. On your question around margins, we do see some margin compression when we look at customer growth because if we decide to grow in a particular pocket, we will be willing to accept customers at lower margins if they deliver strong EBITDA, and because of our scalable platform, we're able to take on those customers and grow from there. So we do make trade-offs. I don't think that anything that's going on in the competitive dynamics is driving material compression in margin. And while we did see some compression largely associated with weather and a little bit associated with customer mix, we're still strong in our momentum at maintaining our margins and only when we take deliberate action will we see some compression, but it's going in eyes wide open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you very much.
Elizabeth Killinger - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thanks for the question.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: (28:05) is ready now. Sorry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Julien.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, so, quick question to the extent possible, can you give us a little bit more of a sense on how to think about the puts and takes in your 2017 EBITDA guidance as you reflect the GenOn and BRC updates? I suppose obviously being at the lower end, should we be thinking about GenOn as a net degradation and then the BRC to the extent to which that some of the cost-cutting initiatives can have an effect in the back half of the year that that could be an offset to GenOn and keep you at least at the low end, if not push you up? I'm just trying to get a sense of what the factors you would be updating here are as you think about it.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Well, I think you've mentioned the two big events that we have coming up, which is the BRC process and GenOn. GenOn clearly could have a significant shift in the composition of our portfolio. And the BRC, as we said before, their focus is – or our focus right now is on the cost initiatives, asset optimization and capital allocation, which is very consistent with how we approached our priorities last year in 2016. I think what you should expect is additional cost savings or cost reductions, just like we did in 2016 over $0.5 billion, most of it recurring. You should expect the continuation of that in 2017, but as I said before, I think we need to let the process work. I don't want to front-run it. We're all working very diligently and we're making really good progress, but I think the way you should think about it is additional cost initiatives and all the other decisions that we make will be towards creating shareholder value or maximizing shareholder value. Kirk, is there something else that you want to add?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: No, not a lot more to add, Julien. Obviously, GenOn is an outcome-dependent situation, but there are significant costs associated with the provision of shared services and inclusive of that change combined with any reasonable anticipation of any cost coming out of the BRC process, as you implied which I'd agree with, that would be certainly a net positive relative to the outlook because we haven't embedded any of that into our current outlook that underpins our guidance.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Said differently, the loss of dissynergies of the GenOn breakup, if that is indeed what ultimately happened, you have confidence that at the back half of the year, the BRC could offset that.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: I think that's fair. The combination of those two outcomes assuming any reasonable amount of cost cutting above and beyond GenOn should be a net positive vis-à-vis our outlook today.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. Second quick question, development related on the Renewables side. You added 1.3 gigs to utility scale and DG pipeline in the quarter, which seems pretty meaningful especially given some of the, I suppose, wider conversations around what you intend to do with your development renewable activities under the BRC. Can you comment what those additions were and then just talk about your commitment to the specific aspects of the business?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, the increase in the pipeline as I mentioned to you, after we integrated, post the GreenCo process, after we integrated our Renewables business and have stabilized that group, I think you can see the results here, not only with the acquisition of SunEdison, but really increasing our pipeline of projects. Keep in mind that these pipeline of projects are in various stages of development. I will say that most of them are really on an early stage development. And this is an important driver for Yield. We are a significant owner of Yield, and as we can provide more clarity on assets that we can drop down, it just enhances the value of Yield, which enhances the value of NRG. So I think that's the objective that we have and the mandate that I've given to the Renewables business. We need to continue growing that pipeline.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. It would seem as if you're talking about early stage projects and expanding capital deployment in the early stage, that would actually suggest furthering your efforts on this front as you just said, enhancing the pipeline?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: I think when you talk about capital deployment, keep in mind that most of the capital deployment around Renewables is transitory because we have said before – we have set it up as a quick capital replenishment, so redevelopment and then we very quickly turn it to Yield or sell it down to Yield to replenish capital and redeploy that at NRG. So, just keep that in mind, this is not permanent capital.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Absolutely understood. Thank you all very much.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, hi. Good morning. Just a couple quick questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Mauricio. Any sense of the – how much the advisory fees are expected to be for the year, when you've kind of updated to lower half?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, as I mentioned, the first quarter was about $25 million. And what I will tell you is that it's hard to pinpoint right now the exact fees that we're going to have because it's going to depend on the outcome of both the BRC process and ultimately the path that we get to GenOn, but what we have embedded right now in our guidance is it's under $50 million.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And by itself, that pretty much gets you into the lower half per the numbers, I guess. Secondly, do you have – a lot of the hit that you were expecting this year occurred here in the Q1 even without the weather and the like. What kind of helps you – the hit later in the year is just a lot less than it was in Q1. Is that just that the hedge roll-off is not as dramatic, capacity payments get better, I guess, is there any other kind of key items that limit the hit later in the year again before BRC?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. Keep in mind, as I said, the big driver here was the roll-off of high priced hedges that we actually put post the polar vortex of 2014. So if you remember, after the polar vortex, all the winter strips re-priced right after that, the 2016 and 2017 winter strip completely – or the 2015 and 2016 re-priced. And most of that – the uptick that we saw post polar vortex were exactly in the winter months. So, that's why the largest impact was in this quarter. I think as you progress in the year, that's going to subside. And the other thing that I will say is we've always identified 2017 as the trough year. So I think as you move in the outer years at current market prices, I think it's fair to assume that the outlook for commodity prices improve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: And that's without any BRC benefits and and the whole thing (35:50)?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: That is correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So I wanted to – I know you are not giving us the specific date when you're going to announce the results of the pending review, but given that it looks like Texas is going to be particularly tight this year and maybe next, and you will be potentially making decisions regarding asset optimization in the markets, how do you think about it – that you would have to make those decisions before you see any type of summer-driven volatility in power prices in Texas?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I think, first of all, as I said, the BRC – well, good morning, Angie, first of all.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: And I think when you look at the focus of the BRC, one is cost initiatives. And given the low commodity price environment, I think it's fair to assume that we will continue our focus on reducing cost and that's somewhat independent of a particular season or particular summer. Of course, in every decision that we make including the evaluation of all our businesses inside the BRC, we're looking prospectively at the markets. We're looking at the current curve, we're looking at the sensitivity around it, and that's what is going to inform the decisions that we make at the BRC and ultimately the recommendations that we give to the board. So I don't think we are looking prospectively and I think that's the point that I want to make, Angie. This is not just a single point and marking a special decision against a curve. We are actually stressing different scenarios to understand the total composition of the portfolio and the sensitivity of the portfolio.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And then on the GenOn. So GenOn has the new CEO, was appointed before the upcoming PJM capacity auction. How should we think about it? Should we think that this appointment somehow changes GenOn's bidding strategies, how do you think about the way these assets should be bid into the auction given the fact that you might not operate them or own them still?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Well, Angie, I will say that the appointment of the new CEO, I think, in his responsibility is to review and be responsible for ultimately the bidding of these assets. Now we continue to provide shared services agreement including asset management, commercial – the wide range of shared services agreement that we give to GenOn, but as we have done in the past, we provide a recommendation and the commercial team gives them their perspective, but ultimately it's going to be the new CEO's responsibility to determine how that portfolio is going to be bidding to the market.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And my last question, I promise. The DOE study about the importance of base load assets, how does it play into your business review, if at all?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, I think everything is taken into consideration on the Business Review Committee. We have said in the past that one of the strengths of our portfolio is the diversity of our merit order, base load merit and peaking. So clearly, if there is something that focuses on recognizing the value of base load, then we welcome that, but I want to be crystal clear, it has to be in a way that doesn't jeopardize the integrity of competitive markets and we have to find ways to find the right competitive pricing to ensure the reliability of the system and that every single one of the resources is fairly compensated for the services that he provides to the group, and I think that has been our approach.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: We have time for one last question. This question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I just want to follow up on Angie's question on asset rationalization and just at a high level when you look at your fleet and you look at the market outlook today, is it your sense that there are opportunities to – or maybe not opportunities, but sort of if that it makes sense to think about some shutdowns of assets just given that they're not really economically viable or is this something we should be waiting for as part of the broader BRC update you'll provide later in the year?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, let me just start with our retirements because I've been very clear in the past. Our business is not to keep uneconomic generation running. We have retired a significant amount of generation that we felt was unprofitable and didn't have good prospects. Just last month, we retired Greens Bayou 5, 370 megawatts of capacity in Texas. And earlier in the year, we retired Pittsburgh in California. So I think the combination was close to 1,500 megawatts of generation. So when we have an uneconomic plant, we will move quickly and swiftly to take it out of the market. And of course, as part of the BRC, we're doing a holistic review of the portfolio. There are opportunities and I think we demonstrated that last year. We sold three plants. We monetized them over $0.5 billion of asset or sale proceeds. I think there is an opportunity where perhaps another counterparty has a different view on commodity markets or can create a – or looks at value differently than us and we will execute on that. But as I said, I think as part of the – with that respect, I don't want to front-run the BRC process. When it comes to asset divestitures, I think we need to let that play out. We are having good and very constructive conversations inside the BRC. And as I said before, we're moving as fast as we can because I am the first one who wants to communicate this to the market. So you have my commitment that as soon as we have something to communicate, we will tell you.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very much understood. That's all I had. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Steve.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: And thank you all for your interest at NRG. Thank you and good morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc. Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc. Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc. Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Antoine Aurimond - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. 4Q 2016 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.
Kevin L. Cole - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Vince. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's full year and fourth quarter 2016's earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statement made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from the NRG perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Now, with that, I'll turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you, everyone, for your interest in NRG. Joining me this morning is Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail business; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. Before I turn to our presentation, I would like to acknowledge Howard Cosgrove and Ed Muller for their years of service as directors on the NRG board. I want to thank them for their dedication and wish them well in their next endeavors. Let me also congratulate our current Director, Larry Coben, on his appointment as Chairman of the Board. I'd also like to welcome our two new board members, John Wilder and Barry Smitherman. I look forward to working with both of them on all of the exciting opportunities ahead for NRG. 2016 was a pivotal year for our company. Just one year ago, I made a commitment to simplify our business, strengthen our platform and restore confidence in our direction and decision making. We have made significant progress on all fronts. Today, NRG is in a much better place to continue executing on our multiyear strategic plan to solidify our position as the premier integrated power company in the country. Let's move now to slide 3, where I'd like to summarize the key highlights from today's call. First, we delivered on our numbers. Our track record of strong results and execution continued in 2016. We had our second best safety performance year on record and our integrated platform delivered earnings that were even stronger than last year. We grew both adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth despite the difficult commodity price environment that reduced our total generation by 14% from 2015. Our Retail business delivered its third consecutive year or EBITDA growth with a record adjusted EBITDA of just over $800 million. NRG's best-in-class platform has again demonstrated its ability to provide strong, stable results despite challenging market conditions. For these reasons, I'm also able to reaffirm our 2017 financial guidance. I want to thank all my colleagues for a job well done on a very successful year. Second, we executed on our priorities. Our focus over the past year in simplifying and streamlining our business resulted in over $0.5 billion in cost reductions. We made progress in repositioning our portfolio by selling assets at value, and executing several capital projects on time and on budget. We strengthened our balance sheet by reducing corporate debt by $1 billion and extending $6 billion of debt maturities well beyond 2020. Last, we reinvigorated our strategic partnership with NRG Yield by putting in place a dedicated management team and expanding our Renewables business and ROFO pipeline. Third, we're not done yet. As we closed out the first phase of deleveraging, cost cutting and business optimization efforts, we now turn to the next phase of our plan. We're in a much better position today to benefit from market opportunities than we were one year ago. But before discussing details of our 2016 results and 2017 plans, I want to remind you of what underpins our continued strong results and sets NRG apart from others in the industry on slide 4. NRG's differentiated business model is simple and focuses on our competitive advantage; the integration of Generation, which includes Renewables and Retail. This integrated platform and the touch points between these primary businesses allow us to capture operational and commercial synergies in a way that makes the whole of our business greater than the sum of its parts. NRG's unique value proposition centers on stability. Our diverse portfolio minimizes our exposure to market and fuel-specific downturns, while our diverse business lines create a stable base of free cash flows, particularly the natural hedge between Retail and Generation. In 2017, we're estimating the three-quarters of our gross margin will come from stable sources, such as retail, contracted assets, including NRG Yield, and capacity revenues. We have built a business that is not dependent on commodity prices to deliver strong results, but that remains well positioned to benefit from upside in a commodity market we cover. As we manage our business for stable, visible free cash flows, we maintain the ability to grow and quickly replenish capital. We achieved these through our strategic partnership with NRG Yield, which serves as another unique differentiator of our business and is an important driver of our ability to participate in the growing Renewable segment. Turning to slide 5, I want to reiterate my belief that the competitive power sector is in a period of unprecedented disruption. Changes in fuel mix, consumer preference, technological innovation and increased distributed generation have put pressure on the traditional IPP model, particularly as commodity markets continue to weaken. While sufficient at the outset of competitive markets, I believe the IPP model is now obsolete and unable to create value over the long term. On our fourth quarter call last year, I highlighted the six elements that I believe are now required to succeed in the competitive power sector. These, starting with excellence in operations and execution; diversification, both in terms of Generation portfolio and business lines; and a scalable platform for growth. NRG was already strong in these three areas and the results achieved throughout the past year further confirm this assessment. So, our focus turned to the remaining three attributes. First, we needed to ensure that we were operating a platform efficiently. This meant simplifying by focusing on our core Generation and Retail businesses and divesting from non-core and underperforming businesses. Furthermore, we focused on reducing costs, taking over $0.5 billion out of NRG's total cost structure. These combined efforts have greatly strengthened our business compared to where we were one year ago. The remaining attributes required implementing a more flexible, transparent approach to capital allocation and achieving a more resilient capital structure given the sustained low commodity price environment. As a result, we refocused a substantial amount of our capital to deleveraging in 2016, freeing up additional capital by adjusting our dividend policy. Importantly, we also changed the way we allocate capital for growth by refocusing on projects that offer high returns and quick paybacks. Going forward, you can expect the same discipline we brought in 2016 to be applied to the next phase of execution. And I will continue with my philosophy of no head scratchers when it comes to understanding how we allocate capital. And with a focus on the new Business Review Committee well aligned with our strategic priorities, we look forward to its role in our review process and the continued execution on the three priorities outlined here. Turning to slide 6, I'd like to provide you more detail around our cost reduction initiatives and the next phase of our plan as we move into 2017. I am very pleased to report that not only have we already achieved our $400 million total cost savings target, we have exceeded it, reducing our total cost by $539 million compared to our 2015 baseline. Reducing our cost was not just the focus of management, but a focus of all employees throughout our organization, and I am very pleased with the progress we have made to date. My promise to you was to not only hit our targeted cost savings, but to report our savings in a way that was more transparent and held us accountable. The left side of the page is a view of our total cost structure, sales and marketing, G&A, O&M and development. As you may recall, last year we combined all of our cost savings initiatives under one comprehensive program, but you can still track individual items in our 10-K disclosures. With our current target met and exceeded ahead of our initial timeframe, we continue on our focus on streamlining and optimizing our business. We are already working on our next round of forNRG cost-cutting initiatives. But given the scope of the Business Review Committee, it is appropriate to delay a public announcement of the new set of targets until later in the year. Now turning to slide 7, as I discussed earlier, the breadth and scale of our platform is a clear competitive advantage. But I also understand that it can complicate the ability to properly unpack our cost structure. The objective today is to help further simplify the investment proposition by enhancing the visibility into our cost structure. While I will discuss the highlights in the slide, the full detail behind these numbers can be found on the appendix of today's presentation and will map to our 2016 10-K disclosures. As I'm sure you're all aware, comparing costs from one company to the next can be challenging. So before I get into detail, let me put more context around this analysis. First, given the business and technology diversity that drives our integrated platform, benchmarking NRG's consolidated cost to those of a pure IPP is simply not correct. So, in our disclosure, we have isolated the cost structures within each of our reported businesses as a means to compare our cost to appropriate peer companies. Second, costs are somewhat fungible between different categories. And even within the small competitive power group, there are notable differences in cost categorization. To account for this difference, it is important to capture these combined costs, both expensed and capitalized, to fully appreciate a company's baseline cost structure. Now, going into the detail on each of our segments. In Generation, I want to remind you that our current Generation business is the result of consolidating four generation companies over the past five years, NRG, RRI, Edison Mission, and Mirant. And during this time, significant cost synergies were realized as part of the integration efforts. This discipline continues today, and on an adjusted basis, our Generation segment carries a total cost of almost $50 per kilowatt, a number that is slightly lower than that of our closest peers. For this business, we focus on $1 per kW metric given that a substantial portion of our fleet in the Northeast is reliability focused, capturing significant capacity and scarcity revenues, while generating a lower number of megawatt hours. In addition, to maintain comparability, we have backed out cost associated with our nuclear unit ownership that NRG is the only competitive power generator with this higher fixed cost, lower fuel cost technology. While our generation cost per kW are in line with our peers, we're continually focused on driving further cost savings by improving upon efficiencies in fleet operations and asset optimization efforts. Next on Retail, with nearly 3 million customers, most of whom are residential customers located in Texas, NRG operates the leading residential retail platform in the country, and the stable margins from Retail are an important driver of our free cash flow each quarter. Our Retail business maintains a relentless focus on meeting evolving customer needs and on continuous improvement, which have driven expansion of both our customer base and earnings. Benchmarking cost in Retail is difficult given the differences in customer, product and regional mix from one company to the next, and because other retailers provide little visibility into the breakdown of their cost structures. Finally, moving to Renewables, as I highlighted earlier, Renewables are a pillar of our growth and portfolio repositioning. Today, NRG, together with NRG Yield, has one of the largest renewable energy platforms in the country, and we're able to leverage our expertise within our other segments to continue to develop and operate this fleet. The operating cost as reported for NRG's Renewables segment is $91 per kW. But important to note, this includes assets such as the Ivanpah concentrated solar thermal facility, which has a higher cost structure given the emerging nature of this technology. The more appropriate metric is that of our combined Renewables segments in NRG and NRG Yield, which captures the full cost structure of our renewables operations across our entire fleet. This combined view cost of $67 per kW, as you can see, is in line with peers, and we continue to improve. Since we reintegrated our Renewables group last year, we have driven further improvement in this area through transitioning large portions of our fleet to sales performance of O&M. Additionally, we are focused on adding simpler mainstream technologies to our fleet with a core focus on utility-scale solar, which can be operated at $20 per kW and utility-scale wind at $50 per kW. As a result of these initiatives, you should expect our Renewable cost structure to step down over time. The goal of the disclosures is to provide you greater visibility into our overall cost structure and the metric that you can compare to peers. But what I want to make clear is that being in line with peers does not mean we're done looking for areas to improve. Assessing and reducing our costs is an ongoing process and we will always aim for increased position. Now, on slide 8, I'd like to provide a summary of the many ways in which we repositioned our portfolio during the past year. As part of our normal course of business, we put our entire portfolio through a rigorous review process. The result can lead to everything from fuel conversions to asset sales, to realigning our portfolio to the most compelling market opportunity. In 2016, we took significant steps to strengthen our generational fleet. We sold four assets at value for $550 million, exceeding our original target by 10%. We modernized our fleet and converted 2.2 gigawatts of coal plants to natural gas, benefiting from lower gas prices and capacity revenues. We brought online our first of a kind carbon capture facility, Petra Nova, on time and on budget. We pursued growth opportunities in both conventional and renewable plants, looking for areas of quick capital replenishment as highlighted by the 1.5 gigawatt renewable portfolio acquisition from SunEdison that we closed last year. For this transaction, we have already recovered 100% of our total utility-scale purchase price, with just the first 265 megawatt dropdown to NRG Yield. This means we have over 1 gigawatt of projects in this portfolio at effectively zero cost. Looking forward, we will continue our rigorous review process, assessing the current market and developing solutions that optimize our fleet and strengthen our platform. I would expect these to include further asset dispositions at value. Turning to slide 9, I want to provide an update on our Capital Allocation Plan. As I laid out on the fourth quarter call of last year, my primary objective for capital allocation was to ensure the robustness of our balance sheet when deploying capital, and provide our shareholders with greater visibility into our capital allocation decision making. In an effort to begin to better align to the market cycle, the transition in capital allocation mix between 2015 to 2016 reflects the recognition that we needed to focus our efforts more on deleveraging, and leave no doubt on our ability to withstand a prolonged period of low commodity prices. For 2017, we will continue to strengthen our balance sheet and pay down debt, expanding our current program with an additional $200 million through the end of this year. Approximately 70% of every dollar we allocate will go toward this effort as we aim to maintain a cycle-appropriate level of leverage. This will ensure we have the financial flexibility to take advantage of market opportunities when the market recovers. We will also continue to pursue low-cost options for growth where we have an ability to generate the strong returns in a relatively short period of time, which can be viewed as temporal capital for NRG. So with that, I will turn it over to Kirk now for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning, everyone. Beginning with the financial summary on slide 11, before I review the full-year results, I'd like to take a moment to highlight a change we've made to both our segment disclosure for 2016 and our guidance breakdown. We're now combining both Mass Retail and Business Solutions into a single Retail segment in order to bring all of our direct customer-facing businesses together as a single segment. Business Solutions, which consists of our C&I, demand response and other B2B initiatives, was previously part of the Generation segment. Our results for 2016 as well as our guidance for 2017 now reflect this change, which we believe will provide greater clarity of disclosure in helping our investors better understand the NRG value proposition. Turning to 2016 financial results, NRG delivered $3.257 billion in adjusted EBITDA and $1.2 billion in consolidated free cash flow before growth. Our results highlight the benefits and resilience of our integrated platform as the low commodity price environment helped Retail deliver $800 million in adjusted EBITDA. Mass Retail contributed $755 million of this total, in line with the midpoint of our latest guidance for Mass Retail, which was announced on our third quarter call. Generation and Renewables achieved $1.547 billion in adjusted EBITDA, while NRG Yield, aided primarily by robust wind conditions through the year, contributed $899 million. We ended 2016 having completed $1 billion of our $1.4 billion corporate debt reduction program, the balance of which is part of our 2017 capital allocation to retire the remainder of our 2018 bond maturity. When combined with the retirement of our convertible preferred and the extension of corporate debt maturities at more favorable rates, including the recent refinancing of our term loan, which occurred in January, our deleveraging efforts have generated in total almost $100 million in annual interest and dividend savings, significantly improving NRG-level free cash flow. Earlier this month, NRG received $128 million in net proceeds from a new, non-recourse HoldCo debt financing at Agua Caliente. In addition, NRG and NRG Yield have now entered into an agreement to complete the dropdown of a 31% – of 31%, rather, of NRG stake in Agua Caliente as well as the Utah solar assets acquired late last year as a part of the SunEdison transaction for a total of $130 million. Having previously realized $48 million in financing proceeds from additional debt financing for the Utah solar assets late last year, these 2017 transactions, which I'll review in a greater detail shortly, are expected to result in additional cash proceeds to NRG of over $250 million, increasing 2017 capital available for allocation. Next, I'd like to briefly address an element of our 2016 results outside of EBITDA and free cash flow, the non-cash impairment charges of $1.2 billion incurred for the year. Over the course of 2016, we impaired a number of assets due to changes in the market affecting these specific projects for a total of approximately $300 million through the third quarter. And in addition, on an annual basis, we tested our long-lived assets and goodwill for potential impairments. Given a prolonged low commodity price outlook, we adjusted our long-term view of power prices, which resulted in additional non-cash impairment charge of approximately $900 million, consisting primarily of a write-down of certain fixed assets in California, Texas, Pennsylvania, as well as the remaining goodwill on the Texas assets. This non-cash impairment charge has no impact on EBITDA or free cash flow, and we are reconfirming our guidance for both 2017 adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow for growth. Turning to slide 12 to review our plans on 2017 NRG-level capital allocation, we expect approximately $1 billion of capital available for allocation at the NRG level in 2017, which represents excess capital beyond our minimum cash reserve for liquidity that supplements our corporate credit facility. 2017 capital available for allocation consists of the excess cash balance at the NRG level at the end of 2016, supplemented with the closing of the Agua Caliente financing in February, plus the midpoint of our 2017 NRG-level free cash flow before growth guidance as well as the proceeds from the dropdown of the Utah utility solar assets and the 16% interest in Agua Caliente to NRG Yield of approximately $130 million, and that is expected to close this quarter. We expect to allocate approximately 70% of NRG-level capital in 2017 towards further debt reduction. This consists of non-discretionary debt amortization of both the NRG term loan and the payments to the counterparty in connection with the Midwest Generation monetization transaction in 2016, which are treated as principal payments from an accounting perspective. The balance of capital toward debt reduction is discretionary and consists of $400 million toward the retirement of the remainder of our 2018 maturity, which was previously committed, plus an additional $200 million towards more corporate debt reduction, which we are announcing today. We will remain flexible as to the tenure of debt to which this additional $200 million is allocated. However, the most likely scenario is we will deploy this capital toward retiring the remaining balance of our 2021 senior notes. These notes are currently callable and the call price will step down again in May. Prior to this allocation, we're already on track to achieve our target debt ratio in 2017, which we continue to see as a trough year based on the forward curves. This additional debt reduction not only further strengthens our balance sheet and extends our nearest unsecured maturity to 2022, it also represents an attractive risk-adjusted return. We plan to hold our dividend at its current rate of $0.12 per share on annualized basis, representing about 4% of our capital for allocation. And finally, in 2017, we expect approximately $185 million of growth investments, primarily consisting of our investments at Bacliff, Puente, Carlsbad, and the remaining capital required for the Petra Nova project. Turning to slide 13, I'd like to provide some further details on the dropdown transactions and related financings, which highlight in particular the rapid return of capital achieved from the SunEdison transaction as Mauricio mentioned earlier. Looking at the left half of the slide, as I mentioned, we have already closed on additional project-level financings for both the Utah solar assets we acquired as a part of the SunEdison utility-scale transaction, as well as our 51% stake in Agua Caliente. When combined with the expected proceeds from the dropdown of our equity stake in Utah as well as a portion of our stake in Agua Caliente, which we expect to close in the current quarter, total proceeds from these transactions to NRG is approximately $300 million. In connection with the dropdown transaction, NRG and NRG Yield also agreed to expand the ROFO pipeline to include two additional assets from the SunEdison transaction, enhancing the growth pipeline for Yield and expanding potential capital replenishment for NRG. Looking at the right half of the slide, and importantly, less than six months after closing the SunEdison utility-scale transaction, NRG is on track to replenish more than 100% of the total purchase price, while retaining a zero-cost option on the balance of that portfolio, which includes both the late-stage pipeline, which is now part of the expanded NRG Yield ROFO, as well as more than 1 gigawatt of additional opportunity. As shown on the lower right of the slide, the proceeds from the Utah solar debt financing, which closed late last year, and the Utah solar portion of the NRG Yield dropdown, which will close shortly, total $129 million, exceeding the price paid for the entire SunEdison transaction by $5 million. And finally, slide 14 provides an update on corporate credit metrics. Starting with 2016, having repurchased a portion of our 2018 and 2021 notes during the fourth quarter, we've completed our 2016 delevering objectives driving corporate debt to $7.8 billion. Based on the midpoint 2016 guidance, this implies a corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratio of just over 4 times. Turning to 2017 metrics, having now allocated that additional $200 million in corporate-level debt reduction, total corporate-level debt reduction in 2017 is just over $600 million, putting us on track to reduce corporate-level debt to $7.2 billion. When combined with 2017 corporate EBITDA based on the midpoint of our 2017 guidance, this now implies a 2017 debt to EBITDA ratio of 4.13 times. Importantly, while our target ratio is based on gross corporate debt to EBITDA, for comparative purposes, I've now added the implied net debt to EBITDA ratio at the bottom of this table, using actual corporate-level cash in 2016 and implied year-end 2017 cash by adding the current balance of unallocated 2017 capital with the year-end 2016 balance. These implied net debt ratios are approximately 3.75 times in each of 2016 and 2017. With that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio for his closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Kirk. And to close on slide 16, I just like to summarize our main priorities as we move into 2017. You may notice similar themes to last year. This is because our focus on continuous improvement and our strategic objectives remain the same. We will continue to work towards perfecting our integrated platform, seizing market opportunities to grow, and demonstrating leadership in the competitive power sector. And we will enhance our business by remaining focused on operational excellence, reducing costs, strengthening the balance sheet, and repositioning our fleet. We continue with the process of seeking a comprehensive resolution for GenOn, where we are in active dialog with bondholders, and expect to provide more clarity next quarter. With a solid foundation put in place this year, we can continue on executing our strategy to drive greater shareholder value in the months and years to come. So with that, operator, we're ready to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our first question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the additional disclosure on the cost structure, and congrats for exceeding your cost cutting targets. Just a few questions on your SG&A, for 2017, what is built into overall guidance in terms of your overall SG&A position?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Let me turn it to Kirk, specifically. But for 2017, on our guidance, we included the $400 million target that we had on our cost reduction initiatives. Is that what you wanted, Stephen, or what level of specificity you need?
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Well, I was thinking just in terms of the – just the aggregate SG&A amount for the entire company for 2017. How should we be thinking about that aggregate level in 2017?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, as we move into 2017, I think when you look at the additional disclosures that we have on the, I believe it was, slide 6, for 2016, you should expect that we're going to continue to focus on reducing our cost structure overall. And at the very least, when it comes to SG&A, not only we're going to hold the line, but as I mentioned on my prepared remarks, I think it's difficult given the initiative that we're going to go through in the Business Review Committee to put a specific target as we have done in the past. So, I hope that you all indulge us with holding on to, I guess, the direction that we have provided in terms of our new FORNRG program, our new cost initiatives. But there is a lot that we're going to go through in the next couple of months in revising our entire businesses around the company.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very much understood. Shifting gears over to something you mentioned in your remarks about asset dispositions. You mentioned that there's potential for additional asset dispositions. Without getting too specific, what types of assets should we be thinking about in terms of the most logical candidates for disposition?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: I mean, I think it's similar to what we did in 2016. I mean, we went through a very thorough review process on assets that were not necessarily core on specific regions, that were single assets that have been underperforming. But the most important thing to me is, if we can actually monetize assets at value. And that's what we're going to be focusing on, on the next steps of asset dispositions. As I've said in the past, we ended up with a portfolio of close to 50,000 megawatts of generation through a number of acquisitions, and it is the time now to be pruning around that portfolio and to recalibrate and resize that portfolio. But we will only do that if we can actually monetize assets at value, like we did last year where we set a target of $500 million and we came in a little over $550 million. So, I think that's how you should be thinking about the asset optimization efforts going into 2017. And of course, I mean, now that we have a new framework around the Business Review Committee, we will have a conversation about single assets. But every part of our business and – evaluate that and make a determination in the next couple of months, which I will be in a position to announce to you later in the year.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very good. I'll give time for others. Thank you very much.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Your line is open.
Antoine Aurimond - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. This is Antoine actually covering for Julien. How are you?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good. Good morning. How are you?
Antoine Aurimond - UBS Securities LLC: Good. First, can you expand a little bit on where the incremental $139 million savings were made, both in terms of O&M versus SG&A and also by business unit?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes. So, the first thing I think it was important to – as we go in through this period of asset rebalancing and asset optimization, I feel it was important to provide you with the total cost reduction on the platform, and not only focusing on one specific category. So, what we attempted to do was provide you with the entire cost platform of the company. Some of the additional cost reductions happened around asset dispositions that we've made. And it is important, as we go in through this asset rebalancing, that we have the transparency to provide you the level that you need to be able to compare where we were before and where we are today. I will also say that a lot of the over-performance happened just across all the different categories; SG&A, O&M, selling and marketing. So, there is not just one area to pinpoint. But I think it was, as I mentioned, completely across the organization.
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: And just to add on – it's Kirk. I mean I think this is part of one of the pages that Mauricio spoke to in the total cost comparison versus the baseline, on which those cost targets were set. This is what we achieved in 2016. And I think we had about $130 million in SG&A and marketing savings, about $300 million in O&M, and another $100 million of rounding in development. If you recall, I mean our original target of $150 million, as we said in the reset, which was a part of that $400 million, was to come from G&A, marketing and development. So pursuant to what I just described, the combination of those two elements in terms of savings between the baseline and 2016 is more like $230 million. So, that gives you a directional sense of at least where that component of the overage came from.
Antoine Aurimond - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you. And on the $400 million of excluded part of the Generation business, how much of that is non-recurring? And also, how do you think about your initiative of IPP going forward?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: In terms of non-recurring, and I believe you'll find a walk of that in the appendix. Always hate to refer to pages deep in the appendix, but I understand this is an important question. I think it's back on page 35 of the appendix. The only really non-recurring of that deduction is some non-cash gains or losses, and most of those are losses, related to just retirements or write-offs of small assets and inventory and the like. The bulk of that, excluding the component that we obviously left to the side that's associated with the cost of the South Texas Project, the nuclear asset, and we did that obviously for comparative purposes. We're the only IPP among the three that Mauricio had spoken to that has a nuclear asset. The remainder of that are – it's a list of different things. It's deactivation costs for deactivations that took place, obviously, those megawatts are not included; ARO or asset retirement obligation expense; the purchase accounting effect of lease accounting for some of our acquired assets that are under lease. And the remainder of that is, basically, just lease expense, which is really more of a financing charge that's largely associated with the GenOn and a subset of that is, obviously, the Midwest Gen asset. So, that's non-recurring and more just not what you think about as traditional O&M and SG&A, or maintenance CapEx.
Antoine Aurimond - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Just wanted to be – sort of make sure I state the obvious and understand that the guidance you've given for EBITDA and free cash flow this year does not include anything that might result from the strategic review currently underway in terms of incremental cost reductions, asset sales, et cetera?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Greg. Good morning and, yes, that is correct. I mean, the guidance does not include anything that will come from the review that we're going to undergo in the next couple of months. That is correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So, it basically assumes the benefits you've achieved through cost cutting are sort of stable, but don't improve materially until you can give us a more detailed update on where you think you can go?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. And then I noticed a couple other small things on page 36, 37, 38 of the release that you both modestly reduced capital expenditures – you came in slightly below your – the last guidance on CapEx for fiscal year 2016 and also modestly reduced the CapEx budget for the next few years. And at the same time, it also looks like the fixed and contracted revenues have improved somewhat substantially, mostly out in 2020. Looks like a cumulative improvement of about $200 million. Am I observing that correctly? And I know these are not massive changes, but cumulatively, they're significant. Can you walk us through what's improved?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. So, I mean, let me just start with the capacity, and part of the change is just the result that we had from the New England capacity auction. So, keep in mind that what we have here on page 36, it really reflects the latest data points that we have on capacity prices and available capacity that we sell under that. And with respect to the other small IE, we can follow up with you, because I think it sounds like you have some specific questions about CapEx and small changes. So, we can follow up with you, Greg, after the call. But if you have something specific, we can certainly address it now.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: No. That's fine. I can ask. I'll follow up later. I wanted to ask Chris a question about Texas, because you did spend some time on it in the presentation. We are expecting, obviously, a new peak in demand this summer. How much incremental supply though are we expecting to come on from incremental wind capacity this summer as well? And is this sort of still the view that under normal weather conditions that we should, would see, all things equal, a significant reduction in renewables contributing to peak demand?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: So, if I got the CDR right from December of 2016, there's about 18,000 megawatts or so that was on when they published that in the early part of December. By the time we get to the summer of 2017, they're looking at about 20,000 total, give or take. The split is 18,000-ish in the non-coastal and 2,000 and just a little bit over on the coastal side of things. Interestingly, that puts the non-coastal areas at very, very close to the CREZ limit of around 18,000. So that looks relatively full from our perspective. But yeah, I mean, we've got a chart in here. I don't remember what page it is. It's early in the section. What number is that one?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: 24.
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah, on page 24, where we've laid out some of the past peaks when we hit basically 71.1 last year. The forecast right now unadjusted is 72.9. And just to make it clear, what we could be staring at if August of 2011 comes back down around on the roulette wheel, we took the previous adder for high temperatures and tacked it on to their new one, you're pushing almost 76,000 megawatts, which would be an incredibly impressive kind of a number out there. Having said that, you've got Wolf Hollow and Colorado Bend coming on this year, two very efficient new CCGTs, which should keep things down a little bit. And then the question that you end up with, which was the $1 million question last year was, which was how much does the wind blow. The expectation that they built into the CDR is 14% and 58%, depending on whether you're talking about non-coastal or coastal. We obviously got more than that last year on the non-coastal piece, and that remains to be seen. I will say that, just one last thing, I will say that, I mean, we've seen them raise their load forecast by a couple thousand megawatts for the next couple years, which ate into the reserve margins, CDR over CDR kind of a thing, and that load growth is real. I mean that's part of the chart that we put there on page 24 as well.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. One final question, and this is a recent data point, so I don't know if you'll have an answer. But we've noticed that in the last week or two, that in some regions where you guys have power plants and some regions where you don't, that we're seeing a significant amount of coal-to-gas switching happening in real time with spot gas prices in the mid to high $2 range. And that's very different from the switching point we saw last time we were in a bear market for gas, when it was down in the low $2s. A, is that a correct observation? And B, is that just because Powder River Basin and rail costs are up or are there other factors?
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: I mean, I don't think Powder River Basin coal has moved up all that much over the past time period. The last chart I saw, which was last week, had it ticking down ever so slightly. What I would say on that is you've got the Powder River Basin definitely down a little bit. But in terms of coal-to-gas switching, we haven't seen a huge change in those levels for us. What we have seen is cash gas awfully cheap, because it's going to be about 67 degrees here in Princeton today, and it's still at least by the calendar February. And so, cash gas is awfully cheap. So I think gas has come back on a little bit compared to what we saw in the earlier part of the winter where gas prices were much higher and coal was having stronger runs prior to this, call it, really mild weather.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Chris Moser - NRG Energy, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: First, one clarification. The guidance for 2017, does that include the $400 million prior cost target or the $539 million updated number?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: It includes the full impact of the latter, the $539 million.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, the $539 million, like what, maybe just breaking, and you've kind of answered this and maybe I missed it, but on the slide, there's $71 million of plants that shut. How much is also related to the kind of like businesses that shut or exited and the like?
Kirkland B. Andrews - NRG Energy, Inc.: Beyond the savings associated with the divesture of plants, there's very little save a small amount of year-over-year change in terms of residential solar overhead. We streamlined that business and obviously changed the business model. But I'd say that number is less than $50 million in terms of overhead. The bulk of the difference, as you alluded to earlier, is just the changes associated with the plant sales, so Shelby, Seward, Rockford and Aurora.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, a question on just maybe a little clarification on the Business Review Committee, so I think per the agreement there, like an end date of August 15, is it fair to say you're targeting to complete that well before then?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Yes, Steve, I think that's the goal. And over the next couple of weeks, we're going to meet as a Committee, start looking at every single one of our business with the benefit now of full information, including non-public information and the strategic plan that I laid out to the board last year. And I think that process, we're going to do it on an expedited basis. And one thing that it was important for me to highlight is, the areas where the Business Review Committee is going to focus is very well in line with the priorities that I laid out in 2016 and that we're continuing in 2017. So, now, we're going to have the benefit of working together with the same set of information, so we can make the best evaluation and make recommendations to the board and communicate that to investors later in the year. So, I think that an assumption that we're going to be communicating to the market before August is a fair assumption. Now, keep in mind that, I want to make sure that as we communicate the decisions to our shareholders and to our investors, we need to make sure that we don't jeopardize the execution of any of those decisions. So, I will make that determination in the next – in the coming weeks and months. But we are on a fast track to make a full evaluation of every single one of our businesses.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Most of my questions were answered. But, Mauricio, let me ask, you guys have – and if your slide is correct on 7 – have a very competitive cost structure sort of to begin with, right. So, I'm kind of curious on what do activists seem like they're going to be able to extrapolate from this business? And maybe, is it more focused on asset sales and monetization versus further cost cut?
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, two things. One, we understand that many of our investors were working with information from 2015 and partial information throughout the year. So, it is important that everybody recognizes the great efforts that we have gone through and the progress that we've made in terms of streamlining the organization and reducing costs. And this is the first step to improving our disclosures to all of you, so you can actually not only be able to benchmark us with our peers, but also hold us accountable on our efforts going forward. I mean, we may be competitive with other peers as we've put it in this additional disclosure. But certainly, that doesn't take us from our focus on continuing streamlining the organization. And irrespective of asset optimization or asset sales, this is part of who we are and this is part of the refocus of the company over the past 12 months. Now, as you can appreciate, and I think I have mentioned already that, as we go through this process, we're certainly changing and recalibrating the makeup of our portfolio, and repositioning in a way that becomes more – that is better prepared to take advantage of the market opportunities as they will present themselves. So, I think it's going to be combination of two things. One is continue streamlining the organization; and then two, repositioning the portfolio that will have an impact on our total cost structure.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then just real lastly is, you did highlight some of the stuff in your prepared remarks as far as items impacting deregulated power markets. But one of the things that appeared to be missing was sort of some of the state initiatives that are looking to maintain viability of these money-losing nuclear plants, like whether you're looking at Illinois, New York, potentially Connecticut, and obviously potential moves in Pennsylvania. So, I'd be kind of curious on getting your viewpoint there and sort of where you guys sort of fit as additional states may look to come out with their own form of initiatives.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: No, that's a great point, and I'm glad that they didn't – it didn't get unnoticed on my remarks. I will tell you that we're completely focused. We're going to be active and we're going to be vocal in defending the integrity of competitive markets. We have done that already in New York and Illinois. And wherever we see that out-of-market payments for uneconomic generation to really subsidize and slow down the most efficient mix of generation and technologies that consumers need and want, we will be there. And like I said, I mean, today New York, Illinois, and wherever that pops, we're going to be a very vocal and active proponent of competitive markets.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Terrific. Thanks, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There's no other questions in queue at this time. I'd like to turn it back to Mr. Gutierrez for any closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - NRG Energy, Inc.: Well, great. Thank you, and thank you for your interest in NRG and spending some time with us this morning, and look forward to talk to you in the next earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Cole - SVP, Investor Relations Mauricio Gutierrez - President and CEO Kirkland Andrews - CFO Chris Moser - Head, Operations Elizabeth Killinger - Head, Retail Craig Cornelius - Head, Renewables 
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Kevin Cole: Thank you, Esther. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's third quarter 2016 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcasted live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investor section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts. As this is an earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation, as well as risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and presentation. Now, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG Energy's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'm joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Chris Moser, Head of Operations; Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail business; and Craig Cornelius, Head of our Renewables business. I want to start by highlighting the key messages for today’s call on slide 3; first, we are narrowing and increasing our 2016 EBITDA guidance by $200 million at the midpoint. Our exceptional performance by everyone in the company once again highlights the value of our integrated platform and its continued ability to perform under a variety of market conditions.  Second, after reintegrating the Renewables business in to NRG earlier this year, we’re now fully leveraging our proven operational platform. As you will hear later in the presentation, we have a robust and growing Renewables business that not only enables us to acquire and operate assets in one of the fastest growing parts of the energy industry, but also helps us strengthen our partnership with NRG yield.  This business is executing on market opportunities and with a SunEdison transaction is only getting stronger. Last, I am extremely pleased with our progress in strengthening the balance sheet. As of today, we have reduced our corporate debt obligation by $1 billion, bought back $345 million in convertible preferred shares and extended over 6 billion in near-term maturities well beyond 2020.  These are impressive numbers, given we started our efforts only one year ago, and this has been one of my primary objectives since becoming CEO. I wanted to thank everyone in the organization who worked hard to achieve our targets in such a short time frame. Now, moving on to the third quarter results on slide 4, today we are reported third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $1.173 billion, a testament to the continued operational and financial strength of our business. Once again, despite a sustained low commodity price environment, our platform delivered.  I want to highlight the outstanding results of our retail business for the quarter, which increased by 18% year-over-year, recording one of its strongest performances ever. Elizabeth and her team continues to operate a best-in-class retail business and together with our commercial team has proven extremely effective in supply and risk management and in strengthening customer relationships. Well done to the entire retail and commercial teams on your continued success.  I also want to recognize everyone in the organization for improving our safety record over the quarter and returning us to a top docile performer.  Our generation’s business performed well during some very challenging market conditions. Not only did we protect the value of our fleet during very low summer prices, but we also executed our asset optimization projects on time and on budget, including three coal to gas conversions this year.  We remain focus on strengthening our yield goal during the quarter by expanding the potential pipeline of projects. In addition to the SunEdison transaction, we also completed the drop down of CVSR and today we are announcing an agreement, and today we are announcing an agreement to deal 73 megawatt thermal equivalent of the University Of Pittsburgh Medical Center on behalf of NRE yield.  Last, we have been making good progress in streamlining our cost structure and remain on track to achieve $400 million in savings by the end of 2017 on the [endeavor] for NRG program.  Underpinned by our hedge profile and integrated model, we are initiating 2017 financial guidance of $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion. Later in the presentation, Kirk will provide additional details. But for now I want to highlight our consolidated free cash flow range of $800 million to $1 billion.  As we done in the past, we manage our business forecast and this guidance speaks to the stability and strength of our free cash flow generating ability, which at current prices implies a 30% free cash flow yield.  Let me turn now to our market on the slide 5. This summer proved to be a disappointing one from a pricing standpoint, particularly in the east where temperatures were almost 30% above the 10 years average, but prices were flat compared to the forward market. This was due to a lack of low growth and much lower gas basis.  In Texas, we experienced mild weather, but even under this conditions, ERCOT still managed to post a record peak load of 71 gigawatts, a roughly 2% increase from the previous peak one year ago.  We have consistently said that this is the only market where we are seeing low growth and this summer is evidence of that. Unfortunately, prices came in much lower than expected in large parts due to the over performance of wind which was about twice the expected production during peak hours, eliminating the potential for scarcity pricing.  As you can see on the right side of the slide, disappointing summer prices and the recent sell-out in gas have been putting some pressure on the forward market. Longer term and turning to slide 6, we remain bullish in our outlook for ERCOT, particularly at these price levels, where we see a clear opportunity for a market correction in the near future.  As I just noted, ERCOT is experiencing real demand growth about 1.4% year-to-date, which is the strongest in the country. But despite the new big low this summer, we did not see scarcity pricing. And we actually have not seen it for a number of years. I want to reiterate that the ORDC is now providing the right scarcity pricing [load] to existing or new generation. As an energy-only market, correct pricing load are imperative for its proper functioning. We are hopeful that with the resolution of EFH restructuring the PUCT will turn its attention to ORDC reform and we look forward to working with both the PUCT and ERCOT to improve the markets.  We’re also starting to see units retire, given persistent low power prices. These retirements will only be extenuated by additional environmental compliance requirements. We believe there are at least 4 to 8 more gigawatts currently at risk, none of which are NRG units.  A combination of strong load growth, units at risk, higher environment costs, potential delays in new bills and market structural reforms drives our construction view in ERCOT.  Turning to the east, energy margins in PJM remain under pressure, given the new capacity performance requirements that in essence review the probability of scarcity pricing. These combined with no low growth and a significant amount of new gas deals coming online in the next few years, results in a less than favorable outlook for energy margins.  Capacity on the other hand is a different story. The next PJM auction will be the first with a 100% capacity performance requirement. These CP-only market construct will impose significant risk on the 17 gigawatts of generation that clear as a base capacity in the last auction, as well as the 10 gigawatts of demand response and energy efficiency that also cleared as base capacity.  Let me be clear, that’s 27 gigawatts of capacity that has a decision to make on how and what to bid in to the CP auction in May.  One last thought on the markets, now it is important to reiterate that we will take firm action against any out-of-market efforts that undermine the integrity of competitive markets, like the ones we have seen in New York, Ohio and Illinois. As proponents of competitive markets, you can expect us to be vocal advocates of our position.  Let me turn to our renewable business on slide 7. In the past, I have discussed with you the importance renewable generation in our future and the positive trends we see in that market. Higher renewable portfolio standards, increasing corporate sustainability targets and cost efficiencies are the basis for a sustained growth in renewables demand.  In my first call as CEO and consistent with the outlook, I announced the reintegration of our renewable business back in to NRG, recognizing the changing landscape of the power industry and the compelling growth opportunities for NRG.  Our renewable business is unique, as it leverage NRG’s existing operational platform and cost of our relationships from the traditional generation and retail businesses. We also have the ability to augment our renewables business by acquiring or developing renewable assets that can be dropped down to NRE yield. This puts NRE in an excellent competitive position to execute and play in this space in a meaningful way.  Today we operate over 4 gigawatts of wind and solar assets, making us one of the largest renewable generators in the country. We are focused on building up our pipeline and creating line of sight several years in to the future. We have been hard at work developing projects and currently, we have approximately 800 megawatts in near term and backlog assets and an additional 2.6 gigawatts of pipeline capacity.  Renewables provide not just an opportunity to execute on low cost growth, but also a way enhance our value proposition by contributing to our stable base of earnings and providing visibility in to future cash flows. This is an important business that is strong today and only getting stronger.  Turning now to our SunEdison asset transaction on slide 8; in September NRG was selected as the winning bidder for our 1.5 gigawatt portfolio of utilities -scale wind and solar assets at an initial purchase price of $129 million with $59 million in earn-out potential. In October, we completed the purchase of 29 megawatts of distributed generation of asset for $68 million. Our scale, diverse platform and partnership with NRG Yield, afforded us significant advantages during the bidding process. And these same characteristics will continue to be advantageous as a developer and operator of these assets in the future.  For the utility-scale transaction, we were able to mitigate risk and maximize reward by purchasing a portfolio of assets in which we could ascribe the majority of the transaction value on the operational assets, and maintain the pipeline as an option at a steep discount to market prices.  To be more specific, over 85% of the total purchase price is justified by the expected value of the operating assets in Utah. The balance will come from the development and optimization of the 1.2 gigawatt backlog and pipeline, representing a low cost option for growth. With other [future] assets NRG would expect to achieve strong returns as a result of placing these megawatts in to our DG partnerships with NRG Yield.  This transaction is a significant win for NRG, as we continue to build out our position as a leader in renewable generation. We executed on a unique opportunity to accelerate the growth of our renewables business while setting the foundation for a strengthened partnership with NRG yield. It is our expectation that these will be temporary use of capital that can be recovered in a short period of time.  Turning to slide 9, I’d like to discuss our current thinking and capital allocation for 2017. Although details will come out on our next call, I’d like to provide you with my current assessment of our options as I see them today, particularly on the 30% of the capital that is yet to be allocated.  I want to first remind you of our philosophy on capital allocation, maintaining the robustness of the balance sheet and making decisions that are cycle appropriate and what guides our approach to allocating capital. We’re in a deeply cyclical sector, which means that we must plan ahead, anticipate markets and leave no doubt about our financial strength; particularly during down cycles such as the one we are current facing.  Last year, given the market outlook and to reduce our overall leverage, we initiated a $1.5 billion deleveraging program. Over the course of the past year, we have made significant progress toward this target, and as we are finishing these commitments, I want to ensure the market that cycle appropriate leverage and capital discipline will continue across the organization in to 2017.  With respect to growth, given the low commodity price environment, we are focused on low cost options or areas of quick capital replenishment such as the SunEdison transaction.  Finally, we remain commitment to returning cash to shareholders when we feel our capital structure is strong enough to allow for flexibility. At the beginning of the year, we revised our dividend program to be consistent with the cyclical nature of our industry, and I remain comfortable with our dividend policy. We continue to evaluate the potential for share buybacks given our current share price and free cash flow yields.  And with that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review. 
Kirkland Andrews: Thank you Mauricio and good morning everyone. Turning the financial summary on slide 11, NRG delivered 1.173 billion in adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter dated by strong performance by our Retail Mass business which contributed EBITDA of 266 million, Generation in renewables combined for 605 million in adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter, while NRG Yield contributed 246 million. As required by GAAP, following completion of the drop down of NRG’s remaining interest in CVSR to NRG Yield; adjusted EBITDA at NRG Yield now reflects 100% of consolidated CVSR results with an equal reduction in generation and renewables results.  Through the first nine months of the year, NRG generated almost 2.8 billion in adjusted EBITDA and 1.1 billion of free cash flow before growth. Based on performance year-to-date and our updated outlook for the balance of the year, we’re increasing and narrowing our 2016 adjusted EBITDA guidance to 3.25 billion to 3.35 billion which I’ll review in greater detail following. As of this week, we’ve now completed over 1 billion in corporate debt reduction over the course of the last 12 months, with 777 million completed year-to-date and 246 million retired in the fourth quarter of 2015. This significant reduction in corporate debt helps to ensure we can maintain our balance sheet targets through the low commodity price cycle.  In addition, when combined with the retirement of our convertible preferred and the extension of corporate debt maturities at more favorable rates, our deleveraging efforts also help generate nearly 90 million in annual interest and dividend savings, improving NRG level free cash flow.  While the specifics of the capital allocation plan will be laid out in more detail on our year-end earnings call, we do intend to reduce corporate debt by an additional 400 million through the retirement of the remaining balance of our 2018 senior unsecured notes. This will further enhance balance sheet strength, reduce interest expense and extend our nearest unsecured maturity to 2021. The balance of which is now only 200 million. During the third quarter, NRG also completed the drop down of our remaining 51% interest in CVSR to NRG Yield, which when combined with the proceeds from the CVSR non-recourse debt financing generated total cash proceeds to NRG of approximately 180 million.  Turning to slide 12, I’ll provide some greater detail on our revised 2016 guidance, as well as initiate guidance for 2017. As I mentioned earlier, we are narrowing and increasing our 2016 adjusted EBITDA guidance range to 3.25 billion to 3.35 billion. As noted on the slide, this revised 2016 guidance range includes the impact of $120 million of adjusted EBITDA, resulting from the monetization of hedges at GenOn, which would have otherwise been realized in future years.  The updated 2016 business and renewables range also reflects this increase from the GenOn hedge monetization, as well as the movement of CVSR EBITDA to the Yield segment following the drop down which closed this past quarter. Based on a strong retail mass performance to the first nine months of the year, we are also increasing this component of 2016 EBITDA guidance to 725 million to 775 million.  Finally, the increase in the NRG Yield component of guidance is primarily driven by the movement of CVSR adjusted EBITDA from generations yield following the drop down, as well as stronger than expected year-to-date performance across the wind portfolio.  We are narrowing the consolidated free cash flow before growth guidance range to 1.1 to 1.2 billion which reflects the impact of the 120 million in non-recurring debt extinguishment cost incurred in connection with our successful debt reduction and maturity extension efforts during the year. This reduction in expected NRG level free cash flow before growth is solely due to these one-time debt extinguishment costs.  Moving to 2017, on the right side of the slide, we are initiating consolidated adjusted EBITDA guidance of 2.7 billion to 2.9 billion. 100 million of the GenOn hedge monetization EBITDA, which was realized in 2016, serve to reduce expected 2017 EBITDA and is reflected in both our generation and renewables and consolidate EBITDA guidance range for 2017.  Greater than 75% of the year-over-year drop in adjusted EBITDA in the generation and renewable segment is due to declines at the GenOn level, which includes the year-over-year impact of the hedge monetization. The remaining components of 2017 adjusted EBITDA guidance consists of 700 million to 780 million at retail mass and 865 million at NRG Yield, where the year-over-year difference simply reflects the impact of outperformance in 2016 wind generation versus median wind production expectation embedded 2017 guidance.  Moving to free cash flow guidance, the drop in GenOn adjusted EBITDA is also reflected in the 2017 consolidated free cash flow before growth of 800 million to 1 billion, which includes approximately 300 million of negative free cash flow at GenOn.  Finally to arrive at 2017 NRG level free cash flow before growth, we add back that negative free cash flow at the GenOn level and deduct free cash flow net of distributions from NRG Yield and other non-guarantors which leads to an expected range of 700 million to 900 million of NRG level free cash flow in 2017.  Importantly, expected NRG level free cash flow in 2017 is in line with 2016 net of those one-time debt extinguishment cost, primarily due to the significant year-over-year decline in NRG level capital expenditures, as well as the full year impact of interest savings from our corporate level debt reduction program.  Turning to slide 13, for an update on 2016 NRG level capital allocation, I’ve highlighted in blue the changes since our prior quarter update, which includes the impact of the 120 million in debt extinguishment cost I mentioned previously, as well as the increase in growth investments of approximately 190 million, which reflects the SunEdison transaction. These two items serve to temporarily reduce the excess capital balance reserved for the 2018 NRG senior notes, which now stands at 120 million. The balance of our 2018 senior notes has been reduced by 200 million following the quarter end as we completed our 2016 debt reduction program and the remaining balance of these notes now stands at only 400 million. During 2017, we plan to replenish the 2018 debt reserve to 400 million to ultimately retire the remaining balance, using 2017 excess capital generated through NRG level free cash flow, and the continuing monetization of our NRG Yield eligible assets which now include the operating portion of the SunEd portfolio. When combined over 1 billion in debt reduction already achieved over the past year, this leads to over 1.4 billion in debt reduction through 2017.  Finally, slide 14 provides an update on expected corporate 2016 balance sheet metrics, as well as the first look at 2017. Starting with 2016 having repurchased a portion of our 2018 and 2021 notes following the third quarter end, we’ve completed our 2016 de-leveraging objectives driving corporate debt to 7.8 billion, the exact target corporate debt balance first established as part of our 2016 capital allocation plan, which was announced during our February earnings presentation.  Based on midpoint 2016 guidance, this gives an implied corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratio of just under four times.  Turning to 2017 metrics on the far right of the slide, we intend to further reduce corporate level debt by an additional 400 million as I mentioned by retirement of the remaining balance of those 2018 senior notes, which brings corporate level debt to 7.4 billion, which when combined with the 2017 corporate EBITDA based on the midpoint of our 2017 guidance, places us just under our target ratio of 4.25, as we continue to ensure we achieve our balance sheet target through the low commodity price cycle.  With that I’ll turn it back to Mauricio for closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you Kirk, and to close on slide 16, you have our 2016 score card. And we have made significant progress across all the goals that we set for the organization. We have delivered on our operation and financial objectives, we have significantly reduced our debt profile, we have taken steps to reinvigorate capital replenishment through our strategic partnership with NRG Yield, and we continue to look for ways to streamline our organization.  As I look at this score card, I want to commend the entire team for their efforts in strengthening our business. On our next call, I will outline my 2017 objectives, but for now, I will like to quickly touch upon a very important priority, GenOn. Both NRG and GenOn continued to be focused on a comprehensive strategy that maximizes value for all stakeholders. As we are at the initial stages of evaluating available options, it’s too early to provide any more specificity. But please know that we will update the market as appropriate.  With that, operator, we’re ready to open the lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Your line is now open. 
Greg Gordon: As you think about the capital allocation for 2017, you gave us the free cash flow before growth, then on slide 9 you sort of tell us preliminarily how you’re thinking about it. But when you look at the 31% of that cash that’s uncommitted and you talked about the idea of a share buyback. But are there other means of returning cash to shareholders that don’t necessarily result in an increase in the fixed quarterly dividend like some sort of variable dividend payment or special dividend that are on the menu of potential options?
Mauricio Gutierrez: As you mentioned, we’re evaluating all options. I think what I will try to do in this call since our capital allocation plan will be provided to all of you in our next earnings call is our current thinking and we’re evaluating all options, just like I did at the beginning of this year in terms of our priorities and how we see the market and the economics of our portfolio.  You know we’re going to do the same, so we’re evaluating not only share buybacks, the dividend policy and I think the special dividends, but at this point what I will tell you is, as I think about it, I am comfortable with the dividend policy that we are - where we are today in terms of the cyclicality nature of our industry. And when I look at the share buybacks and the free cash flow particularly at these current prices, I’ll have to take that in to account.  So Greg in the next couple of months we’re going continue accessing the market, we’re going to see our current stock price, we’re going to see our leverage ratios which as Kirk indicated is right on target with our guidance that we have provided and that we feel comfortable. And we’ll finalize it in a couple of months. 
Greg Gordon: On a totally different subject you talked about the markets, we all saw what happened in Texas this summer, you articulated it very clearly. But you attributed a big part of the lack of scarcity pricing to the over production of wind. I guess I’m wondering and other people are wondering whether its right to assume that that’s over production, or if we’re looking at a permanent dynamic in terms of the way that wind is going to change pricing or if you actually really believe that there were dynamics that caused that whether that over production is permanent or whether there were just weather conditions that caused that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Greg I’ll let Chris give you more specifics, but as I look at the data particularly when you look at the seasonal study that Texas put out. The over performance was not small, it was almost double of what we were expecting. So, I would attribute that to climatic drivers. But Chris is there anything else that you can share?
Chris Moser: Yeah, I think it’s fair to say that and when we went back and looked, we’re pretty confident that at least for this year it was a weather phenomenon and not a miscalculation. They’ve been doing the same calculations for quite some time in ERCOT. And in this case it was happened to be windy when it was hot and that’s not generally the case that we see down there. So we’re attributing it mostly to the weather, but we’ll keep an eye on it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to follow-up on Greg’s question on capital allocation; a portion of your cash flows are contracted, actually fairly significant amount of cash flows are contracted. And when you think about approaches to return of capital, in the past there’s been the thought of that that is a more stable source of cash flow.  When you think about the dividend versus share buyback, how does that factor in to your thinking in terms of the fact that a part of you cash flows come from outright contracts, a good portion of cash flows also come from retail business that proving to be very resilient. How do you think about sort of the nature of that risk and whether or not that might factor in to your dividend thinking? 
Mauricio Gutierrez: i think that’s a good observation, because as I have said in the past, we have been very successful in diversifying our business and the way I characterize it is, two-thirds of our gross margin comes from stable sources, whether that is contracted assets, retail or capacity payments or our interest in yield. Absolutely we factor that in in terms of our approach on returning capital to shareholders, whether it is a dividend or whether it is in the form of share buyback.  So, rest assured that that is not lost on me, and as we’re thinking about the capital allocation plan for 2017, we take that in to account. But I also have to access as well the current state of our stock price and take that in to consideration as a barometer for all other investments that we have in the company.
Stephen Byrd: And then I wanted to shift over to the SunEdison transaction and this is a fairly bright question, but we’re starting to see more companies attempt to get in to the renewables business and I’m just curious what you’re seeing in terms of degree of competition. I’m thinking more about competition more for development rather than acquiring mature assets if you’re seeing any trends out there in solar wind in terms of the degree of competition. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: We are seeing a higher degree of competition but I think that’s a good thing. And since this is the first time that Craig has joined us in this call, I think that market and all of you would benefit from his comments and insights since he is living this on a day-to-day basis. But I will tell you is, I think that opens up additional opportunities for us in terms of tax equity, other type - but Craig is there an additional comment that you want to make?
Craig Cornelius: Sure. While we do see new entrants to this space both in sources of permanent equity for assets as well as development, we think the current environment actually favors incumbent players with development and operational capabilities like our own, and with a significant access to both commercial and mass retail customers as well as utility customers that we service today.  So when we look at the market complexion over the next three to four years, we believe in enterprise or like around that has significant access to customers, scale and stability over almost all renewable pure-play companies, access to a competitive cost of capital through yield, that’s technology agnostic and can take full advantage of cost to clients that are being realized in wind and solar.  That’s advantaged by a virtue of our ownership of assets and our operational capabilities and the development platform that can address the full spectrum distributed and utility scale opportunities, exhibits advantages that smaller scale pure-play developers don’t have and can benefit from the trends of additional capital formation that’s being observed in the industry. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. 
Steve Fleishman: So just a question on the corporate aspects of GenOn. So in the 2017 guidance, I assume, you still have the shared services payments in the guidance, so is that still about $200 million.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, that is correct. 
Kirkland Andrews: Just to clarify Steve, it’s Kirk. That is correct but the only place that that would really manifest itself in guidance is within that NRG level free cash flow, because obviously that’s eliminated in consolidation otherwise. 
Steve Fleishman: Right, and do you still believe that that’s most if not all of that could be offset with cost reduction in the event that went away?
Kirkland Andrews: We do. And certainly a substantial portion of it would be, yes. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Steve we have said it in the past and it’s our belief that that would be the case. So at this point I don’t any reason to provide any other indication to all of you. 
Steve Fleishman: That’s great. And then just secondly at a high level on retail we’re hearing on all the conference calls and just watching developments. Everyone that’s in the power business is a lot more interested in retail, obviously you guys have been extremely successful early mover. How worried if at all should we be about the competitive dynamic heating up for you from this? Are you kind of better protected because of the Texas footprint? Just high level thoughts on that issues?
Mauricio Gutierrez: So let me give you may perspective and then I will have Elizabeth provide some additional comments. When you think about retail platform, number one, I would say that we have a leading platform in the best market for retail in the United States that is incredibly difficult to replicate, particularly on the residential side.  Most of the mode that we have seen from IPPs in to the retail space has been for C&I which is a very different value proposition and it’s a different approach to that market. Having said that, I always welcome new entrants in the space, because it allows us and it allows the market to provide some benchmark in terms of best practices.  And I think as you said it, we were the first mover, we have benefited significantly from it. I think the fact that other IPPs are following suite is a testament of the integrated platform that we have been able to put in place and the winning formula I guess to navigate through these incredibly transition that we are going through the energy markets. But Elizabeth, is there something else that you can provide in terms of a competitive landscape as you’re seeing more IPPs going in to the retail business?
Elizabeth Killinger: Sure, thanks for the question. I would say our retail has extraordinarily strong momentum that’s really underpinned by our scalable platform and the strength that we have in supply and risk management. And we’ve demonstrated year-over-year the ability to grow in both customer account and earnings. We are talking about 20,000 to 30,000 to over a 100,000 customers a year organically in addition to some of the acquisitions that we’ve done over the years.  We also have a distinct approach in the market. We have a more diversified business than many of the competitors. We have multiple, very strong brands that focus on a particular customer segment. We have a variety of products, so customers can buy more than one recurring product or service from us and we also have strength both in Texas and the east. So overall with that momentum and ability to focus on the customer, have strong renewals and strong acquisition performance, I feel like we’re well positioned to compete in the market place as we have done so successfully for a number of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: A little bit of a follow-up question on the last couple, perhaps trying to get a couple of concepts here. Can you talk about at least initially the capital allocation to the renewables business? I know you’ve laid out some numbers on the slides here, but can you try to tie that back in to what that means not just for ’17 but onwards.  And also what is the return profile or [EVD] with that development multiple however you want to think about in terms of the projects that you’re pursuing under this 1.2 gigawatt backlog. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: So Julien, let me just start with the returns that we’re seeing, and I gave some indication on the slide. We’re looking at current operational assets particularly the utility scale mid-teens kind of yield, that’s what we’re targeting. Clearly on the [DG] side, those reclaims are in a slightly higher yield spend nature of the markets.  With respect to the capital allocation, one thing that is important to recognize is that these capital allocation has a high velocity of replenishment. That’s why it’s so important and so strategic the partnership and strengthening in our yield, because all these renewable assets that are on their long term contracts are yield eligible for drop downs, which allows us to replenish the capital very quickly and at the same time achieve very attractive returns.  Kirk, is there anymore specificity in terms 2017? I think Julien wanted to get - Julien if I am not mistaken, do you wanted to get even more specificity than that? Because I think it’s important to - I mean the key characteristic here is a rapid replenishment of capital. 
Kirkland Andrews: Julien, this is Kirk. Couple of things to know about, obviously we’ve layered in or added the capital allocated in 2016 relative to the SunEd acquisition that we announced. And this true of SunEd and not when you have SunEd, but a lot of the other projects that we look and evaluate all the time in the pipeline.  Certainly the long term contracted nature of this project lends itself to significant levels of their capacity. In some cases the existing project level debt, like was the case in fact with CVSR which is what helped facilitate the capital return through sort of a two-pronged effect that was optimizing the leverage on the one hand and increasing that which gave proceeds back to NRG, and ultimately dropping that asset down the yield.  We’re basically able to mirror that same approach by taking advantage of the significant debt capacity first which certainly reduces the amount of equity capital and that’s really what we refer to when we talk about capital allocated to renewables.  As Mauricio says, because that’s relatively low capital intensity given the high degree of leverage capacity, so fine with the fact that we’re going to have line of sight of a healthy and robust [CASD] yield, it gives us good line of sight that we can continue our relationship with NRG yield, we compensated for taken up development and construction risk and still provide yield and opportunity for an acquisition, providing us that premium income to compensate us for the risk and still delivering accretion to yields. So that’s really overall how we think about the ongoing model. Not only is it a high velocity return, it is relatively low capital intensity because NRG’s capital allocated is simply to the equity side of that equation. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, but what’s the total equity commitment for next year? And then just to go back to very quickly - we’ll I’ll leave it at that. And then a separate follow-up question would be, you’ve also talked about retail and your ’17 guidance shows a pretty healthy amount of continued retail. Obviously there have been some good tailwinds. Can you explain the dynamic about keeping this very high level of retail?
Kirkland Andrews: I may offer a little of the opportunity to expand my response on retail. What I tell you with respect to 2017, and we’ll roll this out certainly in greater details and Mauricio said, when we expand on our capital allocation plans. But the overall amount of capital there that’s represented in that percentage on the slide relative to renewables is relatively small. And by that I mean probably 10% to 20% of that at most right now is renewable investment. The balance of that is majority of our ongoing efforts in particular, some of the repowerings for the conventional projects which are also yield eligible.  So the capital there is about 20% at most is currently the renewable committed capital within that. And again that’s a by-product of what I talked about before. It lends itself to a high degree of leverage, which means that the capital required from NRG is relatively small on a per megawatt basis.  As far as retail is concerned, touching on some of the points that Elizabeth made a few minutes ago. Our diverse product backlog or offering I should say combined with the diversity of different channels through which we market give us a high degree of visibility and the resilience of that customer base, combined with the fact that obviously on the one side as we’ve said, we’re continuing to see us especially most acutely in 2017 in that low commodity price cycle that’s obviously beneficial on the retail side of things as manifested this year and we certainly see that given the outlook for commodity prices going in to ’17.  But Elizabeth anything you would add there?
Elizabeth Killinger: Yeah, the only thing I would add is, we have continuous improvement mindset in retail as we do with all of our for NRG efforts across the company, and so some of the improvements that we experienced this year are in cost efficiencies and we definitely carry those forward. And so that combined with our expertise in managing margins and growing customer account any will best have confidence that will continue to be able to deliver at that high level of EBITDA and cash flow performance. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: It’s principally margin not customer account?
Elizabeth Killinger: No, it’s both. I mean so far year-to-date we’ve grown a net of 40,000 customers with over 70,000 of those being in Texas, and we are striving to always balance EBITDA and customer account. But when we see that kind of growth year-over-year that does contribute to our earnings as well.
Mauricio Gutierrez: But Julien if I can just - because I get this question almost every year, the stability of retail margins. And I think this is the seventh year of ownership and we have delivered consistently. And not only delivered the retail margins but growing it. So I’m hopeful that we have earned your trust that this is a stable business and that we have the formula to continue having these margins for the foreseeable future. 
Operator: Our next comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Your line is now open. 
Angie Storozynski: I wanted to ask about this big drag from the working capital that’s showing in your guidance of free cash flow in ’17 at slide 43. Can you tell me a little bit more about that 240 million and also how much of it is a one-time issue and how much of it should I account for when I estimate your free cash flow going forward?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay Kirk, why don’t you take that one?
Kirkland Andrews: Angie, we came in to - this as much a year-over-year impact if anything else. We came in to 2016 with a significant surplus of coal inventory. It gave us the opportunity to right-size that coal and as you know as we burn what was on that pile a little bit more disproportionately than in years past because of that high level of inventory. And as we move in to 2017 that’s just a little bit of the natural rebuilding or recalibrating towards that.  I would say that I can’t give you the number off the top of my head, but I think that’s probably a little bit of a high watermark. I wouldn’t say we return to just double-digit usage of working capital, but certainly over 200 million is a little bit of a high watermark in terms of the outlook, right. We’re recalibrating the inventories there and some of that coal burn it’s a (inaudible). We had at least one plan or a couple plans in our portfolio where we were in the process of transitioning from coal to gas and burning through that. So a lot of that is why that is exacerbated in sort of the year-over-year change in working capital. 
Angie Storozynski: Okay, but you also mentioned some other issues right, the asset, the activation charge etcetera, etcetera at least those should be going away right?
Kirkland Andrews: Yeah, but that’s not as such the deactivation charge in the context of working capital. What I’m saying is, in 2016 a lot of the positive benefits from working capital is just that we literally took the coal powers down at those plants we are converting to gas, basically down to zero during that period of time.  So that really speaks to the year-over-year variance, not specifically to the working capital we use that you see in 2017. That’s the only distinction I was drawing there. 
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then I know you’re not providing a long term guidance, but in the past you’d said that 2017 would be the weak point of your earnings from an EBITDA perspective. Is this still true?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah, I think that’s a fair representation Angie. If you look at just the commodity prices in 2017 and the dynamics in terms of capacity revenues and energy margins and where natural gas is today and the roll up of hedges, I believe 2017 to be the low point. 
Operator: And last question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim. Your line is now open. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Can we just real quick on this SunEdison the 1.1 gigawatts, can you just talk about how much of that sort of has a PPA and whether any portion of that 1.1 needs to be built within a specific timeframe or the PPA expires. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, I’ll let Craig take on that. Craig the pipeline the 1.2, just some general characterization of that.
Craig Cornelius: Sure. And we’ve provided more detail about the asset mix on page 30 of the appendix, and I’ll speak from that as a prompt. One of the projects we expect to take in to construction over the course of the next 18 months is a project in Texas, on which we would expect to close later this month and then commence construction during the course of the next two quarters.  That project has completion date that would be targeted in the first half of 2018. The balance of the pipeline is to be contracted, 111 megawatts worth of that pipeline is largely construction ready and actually was previously contracted.  We’re in discussions around the targeted timeline for that mix and the balance of the pipeline is at various stages of development, and based on its progress in terms of permitting and interconnection and power marketing opportunities and how that pipeline compares to other potential uses of development and equity capital, we would look to advance those projects, but it’s reasonable to think of those projects as 2019 or 2020 type COD assets. 
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just on the [48] gigawatts in Texas. It’s a good color but it’s still a bit of a widespread, so what’s driving that range? Is it sort of your assumptions around gas or is it a function of environmental policy, just may be a little bit of color what’s driving the bottom and top end of the 4 to 8?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah, the 4 to 8 gigawatts that are at risk right now, I think most of them is on controlled units, on scrub units, but Chris do you have more specificity?
Chris Moser: I think it’s fair to say that its relatively cloudy, we’re still waiting to see if TXU is going to do something. The environmental rigs are up in the air being fought out in the courts. And honestly I’m not sure that we had Clear Lake as one of the ones that we thought was going to be shutting or if you would have backed up three or four quarters ago, I’m not sure we’d have had Greens Bayou 5 on it either. So I think there’s an abundance of caution when we throw a number out there. I think that’s as much as anything. 
Operator: At this time, I’m showing no further questions, I would like to turn the call back over to Mauricio Gutierrez for any closing remarks. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. And appreciate very much your interest in NRG and with that we conclude the earnings call. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s program. This concludes. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Cole, you may begin.
Kevin L. Cole - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's second quarter 2016 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investor section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts. As of this earnings call, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everybody to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation, as well as risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's presentation and this presentation. Now, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'm joined this morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have Chris Moser, Head of Operations and Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail business. Today, we're reporting second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $779 million, a 14% increase when compared to the same period last year, thanks to a solid performance from the Generation business and a record second quarter result for Retail, which continues to benefit from lower wholesale prices, a proven ability to attract and retain customers, and outstanding execution. These are excellent results particularly in light of the low commodity prices that we continue to experience in our core markets. And it once again validates our integrated model and diversified approach to competitive power markets. Given the back-to-back strong quarterly results and the hedge position we have in place for the remainder of the year, we're not only reaffirming guidance, but we're tracking towards the upper end of our range. Traditionally, this quarter is a quiet one, our shorter season, since demand for electricity and respective wholesale prices are the lowest for the year, but for us, it was rather busy. In addition to ensuring our fleet was ready for summer operations, we made significant progress in executing on our debt management plan. We have retired $337 million of corporate level debt year-to-date, reduced our 2018 to 2020 maturity debt obligation by $5.8 billion, and bought back $345 million of our convertible preferred stock. Kirk will go into more detail in a few slides, but I want to take a moment to recognize him and the entire finance and legal organizations for superb execution and timing. The progress made today is an important step to ensure that our leverage ratios remain on target through varying commodity cycles. In delivering on our commitment to enhance capital flexibility, we have entered into an agreement with NRG Yield to drop down our 51% interest in CVSR with $180 million in total cash consideration, including financing proceeds and an EBIT to EBITDA multiple of over 14 times. This transaction reinforces the value of our partnership, allowing us to replenish capital efficiently while further expanding yields portfolio and (04:04), which benefits our nearly 50% economic interest on them. Proceeds from this transaction will be allocated towards deleveraging, specifically to supplement the reserves set aside for our 2018 bonds, expanding our total deleveraging target from $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. This quarter, we also finalized the sale of Rockford and the Aurora plants for $425 million, bringing total cash consideration from asset sales to $563 million, which surpasses our initial target of $500 million. We have remained relentless in our pursuit of streamlining the organization and finding additional cost savings. We are on track to achieve our fornrg cost reduction target of $400 million through 2017 and to reduce our CapEx program by $650 million for 2017. This CapEx reduction follows the successful completion of fuel conversions at New Castle and Joliet and environmental upgrades at Avon Lake, with all three plants back on line and better positioned to take advantage of opportunities in their respective markets. Now turning to slide 4. I want to highlight the strong performance of our integrated platform during the second quarter. Safety is always top of mind. And while we remain a top quartile performer year-to-date, we can do and have done better. We are focused on and committed to improving our safety record for the balance of the year. The mild weather continued from the winter months into the start of the summer with temperatures that were milder than last year. Needless to say, this kept commodity prices through the end of June lower than last year. But once again, our business delivered results that were even stronger than last year. You have heard me say this before, but this is exactly what differentiates NRG from other IPPs. We have an integrated platform that can provide stability and deliver strong results even during periods of low prices while maintaining significant upside. And we continue to demonstrate this quarter after quarter. Our Generation business performed well, with improvements in reliability, availability and operating cost while realizing higher capacity revenues. We successfully completed multiple CapEx projects, bringing several units back on line for the summer. In fact, during the first month of operations, our fuel conversions benefited from low gas prices in PJM and are performing even better than expected. Our fleet was also well-positioned to maximize value in the recent 19/20 PJM capacity auction. Results were disappointing, given the reduction in loads and increase in newbuilds, except in ComEd where prices remain strong benefiting our Midwest Gen portfolio. Overall, we cleared about 80% of all our megawatts in PJM for total revenues of over $0.5 billion. While these market conditions were not ideal for the generation of business, the low wholesale prices benefited our complimentary Retail business. Beyond favorable supply cost this quarter, our Retail business continued its push for cost efficiencies, customer retention and product expansion. This is a business that continues a trajectory of growth and has proven to be very stable. I want to commend Elizabeth and the Retail team for their achievement this quarter and for continued success in growing this business. But while the Retail business on our pivot towards becoming a capacity player, an important part of the story, the NRG value proposition is even more robust than that. Turning to slide 5. I want to put some of the recent market trends in context of NRG's multiple leverage for value creation as I outlined on our last call. The first lever is our stable but growing base of price of the most predictable parts of our portfolio. Retail, which continues to demonstrate the stability of its earnings, capacity revenues that provides visibility multiple years into the future, and contracted assets through NRG Yield. This first lever has proven solid over time, and there is good reason to believe that our base will only grow and strengthen given current market trends. We are encouraged by the support for constructive capacity markets and strict performance standards but we're even more encouraged by the increasing need for contracted renewable and quick-start gas plants that are required to meet higher renewable portfolio standards, and the sustainability targets of corporations across the country. We are ready to capitalize on this market opportunity, which is even further enhanced by our partnership with NRG Yield. Now, turning to the other two levers of our value proposition. Our leverage to natural gas and power. Both less predictable, but with significant upside potential given where we are in the commodity cycle. Let's start with our leverage to natural gas. We have deliberately maintained fuel diversity in our portfolio, and can therefore benefit from the price differential between coal and uranium to natural gas. Our long gas position is about 3.3 bcf a day. I am encouraged by the price, supply, and demand outlook. We have seen a significant increase in spot prices from the recent lows; production has been stagnant, reflecting an unsustainable low-price environment, and demand is picking up, particularly in the power sector. If the price of gas moves by $0.50, NRG would realize almost $0.5 billion in additional gross margin, 2/3 of which is realized at the NRG level, and with minimal impact on our Retail business since most of our fixed-price obligations are short-term and hedged. The last lever is our exposure to power prices for heat rates. Our upside is also significant as we have the largest and most diverse fleet in the country, with close to 43 gigawatts of merchant generation. While we're seeing the market tightening due to unit retirements, the outlook for power is more neutral, given the increased uncertainty from environmental regulations, and the recent actions to subsidize on economic generation by certain states. We will continue to work with our generators, regulators, and stakeholders to protect the integrity of competitive markets. As you can see, the outlook for the business overall is positive, and no other company offers investors a play in the industry in the same way that our business does. We're not one-dimensional when it comes to creating value, and we're able to handle downturns better than others. We do not bet on a single fuel or on a single technology. We have embraced vertical integration and diversification as a way to navigate through a sea of uncertainty in our industry. I have no doubt our business is best positioned for both nearer- and longer-term success in the industry. I want to take a few minutes to share some thoughts on two of our key markets, ERCOT and PJM. Let's first start with ERCOT on slide 6. We're seeing signs of market recovery as dark spreads have increased over 100% from their lows even outpacing the rebound in spark spreads by a healthy margin. As an owner of an environmentally controlled coal unit in the region, we certainly welcome this move. So far, this summer has been characterized by consistently warm weather, of higher than normal wind production in July, and a healthy grid have resulted in little to no scarcity pricing. While the forward markets have improved, we have been disappointed that the PUCT have not taken swifter action to correct the demand curve to provide better market signals. That said, we do expect positive revisions to the ORDC later this year to better reflect scarcity conditions in prices. Finally, there is still an overhang of uncertainty from several environmental regulations in Texas most notably, regional haze. This could delay the decision to retire uneconomic and uncontrolled assets for some time, but ultimately, the investment to comply will prove difficult for these type of units under current market conditions. We remain confident that our large environmentally-controlled and favorably-located assets are well-positioned to meet compliance thresholds with modest capital investments. PJM is somewhat a different story moving from a market with high energy and capacity prices that incentivizes new generation to one with energy margins under pressure. The massive turnover from coal and oil to natural gas is starting to impact spark spreads as more efficient combined cycles are coming online. In looking at both energy and capacity prices for the 2019-2020 period, we're now below the cost of new entry for a new CCGT. (13:40-13:52) We expect the next auction for 2020 to 2021 to be more constructive as we believe a move into 100% capacity performance requirement, a potential slowdown in newbuilds, and a more moderate load revision will support higher capacity prices. We are encouraged by the constructive nature of the capacity market and its efforts to better reward unit reliability. Our investments are consistent with these market dynamics, and rest assured that we will continue to oppose the use of state-based contracts and subsidies that undermines well-functioning competitive markets. During my first call as CEO back in February, I committed to simplifying our business. This meant not just simplifying how we communicate our value proposition to the market, but also the internal structure and interworking of the organization. In that spirit, it's not lost on me that we need to extend the simplification to our capital structure. So addressing GenOn has been one of my priorities for 2016. On slide 7, I wanted to shed some light on the situation as it currently stands. The GenOn portfolio has allowed us to fill a gap we had in PJM, a strategic market as we were building a diverse portfolio across all major competitive markets. This position was later complemented with the acquisition of an additional 4,000 megawatts from Edison Mission. Over the last few years, we have taken steps to capitalize on evolving market trends, particularly around changes in the capacity market. However, deteriorating market fundamentals are adversely impacting the GenOn portfolio. Abundant shale gas, more stringent environmental regulations, and an influx of new efficient gas plants which are causing significant pressure on energy and capacity prices in the region. This low commodity cycle is impacting the financial scale of the GenOn entity, as you can see in upper left-hand table. Currently, the leverage ratio for the consolidated GenOn entity is 7.7 times. This level of debt relative to EBITDA is successive, particularly as NRG seeks to maintain a long-term corporate level leverage ratio target of 4.25. GenOn has taken several important steps to address the challenges it faces. First, it has appointed two independent directors to the GenOn board. It is a key step in ensuring that the interest of all stakeholders in GenOn are considered. Second, it has retained restructuring advisors to help navigate the process efficiently and judiciously. Third, it has opportunistically solved several non-core assets over the past several quarters who helped provide additional financial flexibility within the general complex. I know that many of you have a lot of questions on GenOn, but I am sure you can appreciate this is a sensitive process, and as GenOn is engaged in ongoing conversations with its stakeholders, we are unable to elaborate on the specifics at this time. I expect to provide more information as this process moves forward. What I can leave with you today is the reminder that as this process progresses and options are evaluated, there are three key principles that we will adhere to: simplifying the organization; maximizing value; and from NRG's perspective, maintaining the strength of the NRG balance sheet and credit metrics. So with that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to the financial summary on slide 9, NRG delivered $779 million in adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter, driven by a strong performance by our Retail mass business, achieving a record EBITDA of $213 million. For the second quarter, Generation and Renewables combined for $326 million in adjusted EBITDA, while NRG Yield contributed $240 million. For the first half of the year, NRG generated almost $1.6 billion in adjusted EBITDA, and $220 million of free cash flow before growth. Based on both performance year-to-date and our updated outlook for the balance of the year, which has us tracking to the upper end of our EBITDA range, we are reaffirming our 2016 guidance of $3 billion to $3.2 billion in adjusted EBITDA, and $1 billion to $1.2 billion in free cash flow before growth. We expect to update and narrow these ranges, following the completion of the summer season on our third quarter call in November and we'll also provide guidance for 2017 at that time. During the second quarter call and into July, NRG made significant progress in strengthening our balance sheet and financial flexibility, as we took advantage of favorable market conditions, by significantly extending corporate maturities while continuing our deleveraging efforts. Since we embarked on our current corporate debt reduction program in the fourth quarter of 2015, we have now retired a total of $642 million of NRG level debt. In addition, through two successful unsecured notes offerings totaling $2.25 billion, NRG significantly extended corporate maturities at lower rates, than the shorter dated maturities which were retired using the proceeds from these offerings. We also successfully extended both our corporate revolver from 2018 to 2021, and our secured term loan from 2018 to 2023. These transactions, when combined with the overall debt reduction achieved since late last year, result in approximately $50 million in annualized interest savings for NRG. Taking into account the $10 million in annualized dividend savings we captured in the second quarter through the redemption of our convertible preferred, interest and dividend savings combined drive incremental improvements in free cash flow before growth on an annual basis at the NRG level of approximately $60 million. Finally, NRG has just entered into an agreement with NRG Yield to sell our remaining 51% interest in CVSR, resulting in expected cash proceeds to NRG of approximately $180 million. These proceeds are derived from two sources. First, taking advantage of incremental secured debt capacity at CVSR. In July, we closed on $200 million in new non-recourse secured debt. NRG's share of the net cash proceeds of which is $101.5 million. Second, we agreed to sell our remaining 51% stake in CVSR to NRG Yield for $78.5 million in cash and expect that transaction to close this quarter. The total cash proceeds from these transactions further increase NRG level capital for allocation, which you'll find updated on slide 10. Turning to that slide, 10, the cash proceeds of $180 million from the CVSR transaction increased total 2016 NRG level capital available for allocation to just under $1.9 billion. The proceeds from CVSR also increased the portion of NRG level capital allocated to debt or convertible preferred reduction, which now stands at just under $1.5 billion for 2016. On our first quarter call, we had earmarked the net proceeds of $210 million from our Midwest Generation capacity monetization toward the potential redemption of our convertible preferred stock. Having now redeemed the convert for $226 million versus the $210 million reserve we'd established for that purpose, a portion of the CVSR proceeds helps make up the difference, or $16 million. $59 million of the CVSR proceeds was used to offset the financing fees incurred in connection with the maturity extensions, allowing us to maintain the total capital allocated toward absolute debt reduction. The balance of the CVSR proceeds or $105 million, will be used to increase the reserve established for the remainder of our 2018 notes, from $325 million to now, $430 million. Turning now to slide 11 for an update on the NRG level capital structure and leverage ratios. As a result of our significant progress in debt reduction and maturity extension, the remaining balance of our 2018 unsecured notes now stands at only $587 million and is our only remaining outstanding debt maturing prior to 2021. Looking to NRG's maturity profile in the upper left of that slide, including our corporate revolver as of the third quarter of last year, NRG had about $6.7 billion in total debt maturities through 2020. To put our progress toward strengthening our balance sheet into perspective, as a result of the continuing deleveraging and opportunistic refinancings, today, we have less than $900 million maturing through 2020. A reduction of approximately $5.8 billion in less than a year. While we'll continue to be opportunistic when market conditions are favorable, this increased flexibility allows us to be more selective, and less exposed to the type of short-term swings and volatility in the debt markets we saw earlier in 2016. The added benefit, as I mentioned earlier, is that in the process we've already achieved approximately $60 million in annual dividend and interest savings, which similar to the significant decrease in environmental CapEx which follows 2016, helps further improve our ability to translate EBITDA into free cash flow in 2017 and beyond. Finally, as you can see in the updated table in the upper right-hand of the slide, we remain on track to drive our corporate debt-to-EBITDA ratio well below our long-term target of 4.25, allowing us to maintain adherence to the principles of prudent balance sheet management through the commodity cycle. We're very pleased with our progress on the balance sheet side and I want to recognize the folks in our finance, accounting, and legal departments in particular for their outstanding efforts this year in making these successes possible and moving NRG forward in achieving our balance sheet goals for 2016. With that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio for his closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kirk. To close, I want to leave you with our scorecard on slide 13. We have made excellent progress on all our stated objectives from simplifying the company and streamlining costs to strengthening our balance sheet and creating financial flexibility to better manage this commodity cycle. Importantly, I want to note the significant progress we have made in continuing to strengthen the relationship with our strategic partner, NRG Yield. This partnership provides yet another significant point of differentiation between NRG and other IPPs, adding to our stable base of earnings and allowing us to replenish capital for assets we develop and drop down with strong returns. Last quarter, we focused on strengthening our yieldco by putting in place a dedicated CEO to focus solely on growing this business. This quarter, we enter into an agreement to drop down NRG's remaining stake in CVSR. Going forward, we remain committed to finding and developing projects that we complete in the dropdown pipeline. Throughout the organization, our performance and progress in meeting our objectives has been impressive and I look forward to updating you on our continued progress over the coming months. Andrea, we're now ready to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Good morning, gentlemen. Great quarter. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey. Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Can you just give us maybe a little bit more granular detail on the strength of the – in the Generation business in the quarter because it's at odds with the performance of some of your competitors? I'm wondering whether it has to do with outage timing or other nuances going on there.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Look I mean I – as you could see on my prepared remarks, Greg, Generation business actually benefited from three main reasons. One was the hedge profile that we had and the opportunistic hedging that we've consistently done over the last couple of years. Two, we have actually focused on managing costs. We look at optimizing our maintenance CapEx, our outages and we're trying to be consistent with the way the portfolio is running today which is not the same way the portfolio ran before. So, we need to adjust our operating philosophy. And then last one, I think we also benefited from capacity revenues coming from our South Central region, where in the past, we've said that we were able to move some megawatts into the PJM capacity auction. And so those are the three big drivers on the Generation business, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Second question, on your slide 6, you show that the market conditions have improved demonstrably in ERCOT, and some investors are frustrated that despite the gas price move, we haven't seen a commensurate move up in power prices on PJM. I put that to sort of the way the dispatch curve looks and you're kind of in the deep part of the smile now where gas has to keep moving up for gas plants to move back ahead of coal, but there's also a theory that coal was burning out of dispatch and that's been putting pressure on power prices in that market. And that now that that's no longer happening, we might see better conditions. Can you comment on whether either or both of those are true? And if not, what's your outlook for PJM power prices?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, I mean, I've heard the frustration about moving gas prices up and power not following through. I think what I wanted to represent in this slide is that in Texas, it's actually – we have seen dark spreads move significantly both in terms of heat rate expansion and following natural gas. With respect to PJM, I think the story's slightly different. If you look at gas basis in PJM, have actually significantly decreased over the summer. And I think that is putting some pressure on the spark spreads. I am not of the theory that coal generators are running uneconomically in the region. I just think that you're seeing an influx of combined cycles, you're seeing pretty good gas prices or low gas prices compared to the forward markets a couple of months ago. And I think the combination of those two are just putting some pressure on the spark equivalent. On a long-term basis, as the market implemented capacity performance standards and we're seeing this massive turnover between coal and natural gas. We should expect more pressure on spark spreads. I mean the capacity performance market was designed to ensure that generators have more availability during scarcity conditions. So as we look past 2017, and towards the end of the decade, I expect to have more pressure on the spark spread in PJM and be more constructive on capacity prices. I mean that's why we shifted the strategy in the East, particular in PJM, towards becoming a capacity resource as opposed to providing energy. We still maintain that option on energy and it's a cheap option, but most of the investments that we have made are on the back of what we think is a more constructive part of the market which is the capacity one.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Two questions. One shorter term, one longer term. First of all, shorter term, you reported and congrats on this, what looks like to be a really healthy, really strong second quarter and yet, you left 2016 guidance intact rather than raised. Just curious, what are some of the headwinds you see for the second half of 2016 that make you keep guidance at the current level?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Michael. Look, as I indicated, I think we're tracking towards the upper end of the guidance. I mean, it is the second quarter. We have a lot of the summer ahead of us and I think it's just prudent to keep our guidance the way we had it. We're very comfortable with the position that we have, we're very comfortable with the hedging that we have for balance of the year. But let's keep in mind that we still have August and September which can be really hot in Texas. And I think it was – it's just – from a prudency standpoint, we felt that it was the right thing to do to maintain our guidance.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. And thinking longer term, I mean if you just look at the company's portfolio, if there's a scenario where you're no longer the principal of – owner of GenOn, how does the board think about the market positioning of NRG – legacy NRG in terms of markets you have significant exposure to like ERCOT and then markets maybe in a next GenOn world like PJM where you'd have pretty limited exposure?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, Michael, we're venturing here in the realm of the possible and what I will tell you is that in PJM, we have actually two ways of participating in that market. Clearly through the GenOn entity but also our Midwest Generation portfolio that we acquired from Edison Mission and that's close to 4,000 megawatts. So it's not necessarily an inconsequential position. Actually in many places, you have the scale and the scope. So, when we think about the portfolio, even without in the possibility of not having the GenOn entity, we feel very comfortable with the geographic diversification that we have across – in all competitive markets, including PJM. And just keep in mind that in the latest auction, actually the ComEd area where our Midwest Gen portfolio sits was probably the one that was the most constructive in the capacity auction results. So, clearly, we will re-evaluate the makeup of our portfolio, but I think that doesn't necessarily changes the underlying value proposition of an integrated platform with diversity across fuel, merit order, and geographic location, and with a focus towards the more stable part of our business which is contracted assets through our renewable development portfolio and our partnership with Yield, our capacity focus, and our Retail business. So, I don't think it changes the value proposition for NRG or our strategy going forward.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Mauricio. I'll hop back in the queue.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. How are you?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey. Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So, I wanted to ask a quick question real quickly around the Texas outlook. Obviously, things are evolving in that space and I wanted to get a sense real quickly as to what your thoughts are both as to retirements of not just coal assets but further steam assets and gas assets, more broadly, as well as the potential for any kind of settlement as it relates to the haze regulations with the EPA and how that might ultimately play out.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Julien, I mean, I've said it before. I think the Texas market continues to be one of the most effective markets in the country, particularly from where we're starting. If you look at the spark spreads, if you look at power prices, they were completely oversold the last couple of months. And that basically shifted some of the bullishness that we have in that respective market. When you look at the fundamental there, even the first half of the year, we have very, very strong growth, and if I'm not mistaken, yesterday, we set a new all-time record in Texas. So, load growth continues; load growth is very robust. We like the market structure. We like the higher price cuts. I think there are improvements that need to happen, particularly on ORDC and to make sure that we have better price signals when we enter into scarcity conditions. And as you mentioned, I mean I think there is a risk for rationalization in supply, in retirements. My expectation is that, if we continue to see this current level of pricing, there are some old steam units and perhaps some environmentally uncontrolled coal plants, that will retire because they are not going to be able to make the math work when putting back in controls. Look, I mean I don't want to be myopic in terms of the regional haze and what will happen, and it stayed and we're going to go through the process. But behind the regional haze, you have the ELG. You have the 1-hour SO2. I mean you have a number of other environmental regulations. I think ultimately, smaller or medium sized coal units that are not controlled or well controlled, the outlook is just not going to look very promising. And perhaps it delays the retirement decision one or two years, but I think, ultimately, people will make the right economic decision. And the low gas price environment and the low spark spread environment accelerated some of that. I mean, we actually filed to mothball one of our old steamers. It was needed for reliability. Other generators have done the same. I think you're going to continue to see that in the coming years if something doesn't drastically change in the market. But we're starting to see some recovery, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: But just to be specific here, I mean, do you see a potential for a settlement with EPA, a universal – either with the haze or more broadly?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I mean, it's very difficult to speculate a settlement on haze with the EPA. I mean, as I said, I mean, I think there is a number of other environmental regulations that will be limiting. And even under the regional haze, you have other parts of that regulation that's still applicable in the region. So my view and my take is perhaps a little bit more generic that environmental regulations are going to be more stringent. And if you don't have good backend controls or you're in a good location or you're actually burning a lower sulfur coal, that – making the math work will be difficult.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got you. And then just a follow-up, in terms of GenOn, and I know this is kind of a little bit off the reservation, but in terms of just your ability to deal with any allocated costs, in the eventuality that something does happen there, how are you feeling about your ability to mitigate those costs? Now, I don't know if that's too far astray or not, but obviously last time you made a comment, how are you feeling about your efforts now to re-evaluate your cost structure and potentially mitigate the allocated costs, if it truly does come to it?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, Julien, I mean, I don't want to speculate on how we're going to be allocating cost and any potential outcomes. I mean, I think what I said about the GenOn situation is that, it's early. We are in active dialogue – or GenOn is in active dialogue with their creditors. I've laid out kind of the three principles that we're going to apply as we navigate through this process, simplifying the capital structure. And we are maximizing value and ensuring that we don't impact negatively the credit metrics of NRG. And as we go through this process, we're going to be using these three principles to make sure that we make the right economic decision. So, I mean, beyond that, Julien, it's really just – speculating is probably not the prudent thing to do as we go through this process right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Abe.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: On slide 13, most of these 2016 strategic priorities have been accomplished already. What are some of your strategic priorities for the second half beyond the GenOn restructuring, and do you have any further opportunities to pursue asset sales or dropdowns?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look. I mean, I'm very pleased with the progress that we have made on all the priorities, and that has afforded us the opportunity to be looking at some other strategic objectives clearly accelerating the GenOn discussion is one, but in a more general theme, I'm looking at – continue to perfect the integrated platform that we have. And that goes from the Generation portfolio to Renewables, to our Retail, whether it's residential or C&I. I am evaluating what parts of the value proposition that we have need to be strengthened and which opportunities are available in these four core businesses that we have. So, beyond just giving you more specifics, what I will tell you is that perhaps we're pivoting weaker towards looking at other strategic opportunities as we have made such a good progress on the deleveraging front.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And perhaps similarly with the reduction in debt you have in place for 2016 and the reserves for the 2018 maturities, will 2017 capital be more focused on shareholder return or growth capital or...
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think that's fair. When I think about capital allocation, I made the case that we needed to focus on deleveraging that was the right thing to do given where we were on the commodity cycle. As we are getting now significantly below our 4.25 target, we can start focusing on returning capital to shareholders or some other growth investments. So, as I said, it's been good progress and perhaps a little ahead of schedule that we can actually turn our attention into that. But for 2016, most of the capital is committed. For 2017, certainly we will evaluate the other two options that we have.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey. Good morning, Praful.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. So first question was on GenOn, I just wanted to – and building on, I guess, a previous question. I just wanted to confirm and understand, how strong is the ring fence? As in, is there any risk that the GenOn credit or creditors have any claim at the NRG level or is the ring fence tight enough that those two boxes will be completely independent?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Look, I mean I feel very comfortable with the ring fence around GenOn. We have made the right operational decisions to position the portfolio to benefit from market trends at PJM. All the cash within the GenOn entity has remained in GenOn even inclusive of the asset sales which from my perspective were done very opportunistically, and at the right time, and at very good multiples. So from my perspective, the integrity of that entity is pretty strong. But, Kirk, do you have anything to add there?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think you summarized it well. I mean, at the outset of the transaction when we closed it, we announced we restructured it for a myriad of reasons as an excluded project sub on a non-recourse basis. And from a governance, operational, and financial perspective, we have adhered to all principles around that. So that, I would just echo that contributes to our confidence that we've established what's necessary to ensure from a financial standpoint and from a non-recourse standpoint, it is consistent with the objectives that we set out and we operated it, both financially and operationally, in line with those principles.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. And secondly, in terms of the sensitivity to gas prices, just wanted to understand how Retail fits into the Generation side. And it's interesting, you clearly have Retail performing well and at low gas prices clearly it benefits. But then I wanted to understand, as gas prices go up, as you show in these sensitivities, what is the assumption around what happens to the Retail business, EBITDA and margins, under those situations?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, I mean when you think about the Retail book, just – our fixed price obligations on Retail don't extend beyond 6 to 12 months. And for the most part, they're hedged. They're hedged to expected lows, plus some variability around weather and different weather scenarios. We buy options to manage that variability. So if – in the short term, if gas prices increase, it doesn't necessarily impact our Retail business. I think in the long term, we have the opportunity to price low at the current market prices. So, it's further mitigated by that. I think where you'll see the difference is just in terms of the cycle around Retail in a low commodity priced environment where you have higher loads, then you can benefit from that because I guess on the margin on megawatt, you have expansion on margins. That situation doesn't necessarily happen in higher gas prices, particularly in the short term. Again, longer term, you always price at market, so you don't necessarily – our Retail business is not necessarily impacted by it.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey. Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Mauricio, given the fact that the next big or the next maturity at GenOn is in 2017, for those of us looking at it from the outside, is it fair to say that whatever resolution you like to achieve most likely happens next year as we get closer to maturity and minds are more fixated on getting something done or might something actually play out this year?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, I mean, it's hard to say. I mean, this requires a number of stakeholders in the process. Certainly, the next summer is the first maturity that we have, the 2017s. From my perspective, we're trying to have a comprehensive long-term solution for GenOn. And that just resonates with one of the principles that I outlined, which is simplifying the capital structure or simplifying the message and the organization at the NRG level. So I'm looking at finding a long-term comprehensive solution and not necessarily just dealing with one specific maturity or not.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then secondly, then just from again a big picture perspective, when you look at your new sort of cost profile given the actions you've taken, you've identified, and you couple that with your contract and capacity profile that you laid out for us, as well as the forward curves as they stand, are we still looking at a scenario directionally that implies downward pressure on 2017 EBITDA versus 2016 or can that be now mitigated with the cost actions you've taken?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look. I mean, I'm not going to venture into providing guidance for 2017 or any indication. I think what I can tell you is that our CapEx program gets reduced by $650 million. And starting in 2017, I said it before, we're going to harvest some of the investments that we have made over the past two to three years to reposition the portfolio. So I think that combined with, as you said, some of the cost actions that we have taken in terms of streamlining of the organization, reducing costs, resizing and recalibrating businesses that were underperforming, so I think the combination of that, plus the outlook that we've had on 2017, particularly around natural gas, which is starting to play out, I think when you combine that, it starts giving you at least some direction what some of the levers and the drivers are.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. And just one quick follow-up. The assets that you've sold, the $563 million in proceeds, can you just remind us the annual EBITDA that goes with those asset sales?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I am not sure that we've disclosed that, but if we have, we'll follow up with you. What I will tell you is that all the asset sales that we did, one, were non-core assets; two, they were done at pretty strong multiples compared to the EBITDA, and I think, three, capitalized actually in some of the particular outcomes on the capacity auctions and energy market. So we were – I was very pleased with the execution. It exceeded our initial target. And I think for now, we're going to pause. I mean, I don't think there is any additional asset sales that we need to do but I don't believe we have disclosed that EBITDA number.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mauricio Gutierrez for any closing remarks.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Great. Thank you, Andrea. I think that's all. Thank you, everybody, for participating on our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin L. Cole - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Chris Moser - Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations
Analysts: Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2016 NRG Energy Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Kevin Cole, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin L. Cole - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Christy. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's first quarter 2016 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcasted live over the phone and via the webcast, which can be located in the Investor section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations and Webcasts. As this is an earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made in this call that pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from the NRG perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everybody to review the Safe Harbor in today's presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And now with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you, everyone for joining our call today. Joining me this morning is Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of our Retail business and Chris Moser, Head of Operations. We're off to a really good start for the year. Our financial performance was strong for the first quarter allowing us to reaffirm guidance for the full year. We're making significant progress in our priorities of reducing costs, replenishing capital, and deleveraging the business. And importantly, we're bringing certain people our platform with the conclusion of the GreenCo process. So let me start with our first quarter results. NRG delivered $812 million of adjusted EBITDA under very challenging marketing conditions. We remained focused on our day-to-day operations, achieving top quartile safety performance, good availability across our generation fleet, and stable results from our retail business. All of these, combined with our opportunity hedging program, mitigated the impact of the very weak wholesale prices that we experienced during the quarter. These results illustrate the strength of our platform and the unique value proposition that NRG offers. We are making good progress in our commitment to deleveraging the business. We retired $229 million of NRG debt or approximately 30% of our 2016 targets. Not only are we on track with our original plans, we have expanded the total capital available for deleveraging to $1.3 billion after adding $253 million from our Midwest Generation capacity monetization financing, which Kirk will provide additional details on during his remarks. Finally, this quarter, we're taking another important step forward in simplifying our business as we concluded, after much consideration, the GreenCo process. With the reintegration of business renewables last quarter and now the resolution for our Home Solar and EVgo businesses, which I will cover in more detail in a few slides, we have turned the page on this period of uncertainty and now are focused on executing our plan. On our last call I spent some time talking about the merits of diversification as a necessary condition to succeed in the future of the competitive power industry. Today I want to expand on the multiple levers that NRG has to deliver value to our shareholders. Now turning to slide 5, I have outlined the three key macro levers that describe the earnings potential of our business. Over the years we have successfully repositioned the company away from solely relying on energy margins to other more stable and predictable sources of revenue. So let me start with the first lever, which now represents two-thirds of our economic gross margin. This comes from parts of our business that are either not directly correlated to or that are countercyclical to the price of natural gas including our retail business, contracted generation and capacity payments. This lever of our business provides a stable base of predictable and visible earnings potential, a quality that differentiates us from many others in our industry, and we do it at significant scale across all three areas. Keep in mind this base is also growing given market trends in renewables and contracted generation where our relationship with NRG Yield will continue to be a competitive advantage in the future. Now let's talk about the second and third levers that comprise the other one-third of our economic gross margin which is directly tied to the price of gas and power. These portions' relative share has declined over the years given the prolonged weak commodity price environment. But we have deliberately maintained offset through fuel diversity, as I believe the current gas pricing environment is unsustainable in the medium to long run, and we want to be there with scale when the market recovers. The second lever is what I refer to as the fuel spread. This is the traditional way we have made money selling coal, oil and uranium at gas prices. It is effectively a synthetic long gas position. For those of you who invest in the E&P sector, we are long roughly about three Bcf a day of gas, so for every $0.50 move in gas prices, our portfolio has the potential to flex up by $500 million in additional gross margin. Let me be clear. We're not gas agnostic and don't want to be gas agnostic, as we believe current prices are not sustainable. The third lever is our power spread or heat rate exposure. As power markets tighten due to retirements or low growth, we maintain significant offset to increasing power prices, as we have the largest competitive power portfolio in the country with close to 50,000 megawatts of generation with both geographic and merit order diversification. So when people ask me why I'm convinced we have the right platform to be the leader in the competitive power space today and into the future, this is why. Success in this industry is all about diversification of the business and core operational excellence. Our platform is designed to deliver results even in a difficult market, and given how unpredictable the markets can be having stability in our core platform is critical. At the same time, our leverage to any market recovery should be embraced not ignored because it is quite substantial. And when you couple these dynamics with our commitment to strengthening our balance sheet and streamlining our costs, I have no doubt that NRG is built to thrive under a variety of market conditions. So moving onto the next slide I want to touch briefly on key developments across our markets. We are encouraged by recent actions from regulators in support of competitive markets. We are pleased that FERC has stepped in to effectively stop the out-of-market PPAs for AEP and FirstEnergy in Ohio. It is also encouraging that the U.S. Supreme Court decided to invalidate Maryland contract created for the sole purpose of suppressing capacity prices. In PJM, the transition to the capacity performance product has brought higher capacity payments in exchange for higher performance commitments as we have pivoted our suite accordingly. Our program of transforming coal plants to gas was undertaken with an eye towards becoming a provider of reliability. In Texas, we're optimistic in ERCOT as we see up to 9 gigawatts of coal generation at risk due to upcoming environmental regulations and continued strong growth. In addition, we expect market changes to ORDC with the purpose of increasing prices to better reflect scarcity conditions. And in the West, while the Aliso Canyon issue will present reliability challenges for the California ISO over the next year, we do not expect this issue to have significant impact to our generation portfolio since most of our revenue in California is supported by PPAs and RA contracts. Also our newest merchant plant, Sunrise, is supplied off the Kern River pipeline and thereof not impacted. We hope this becomes a catalyst to address gas power for the nation and fuel cost recovery issues that are much needed in California. Turning to slide 7, let me now discuss the details around the conclusion of the GreenCo process that we started in September of last year. Last quarter, I explained that there were three objectives we sought to accomplish in this process, maintain our capability to take advantage of renewable trends at appropriate investment returns, incorporate all of our businesses into our financial results, and to minimize the use of the $125 million revolver. Today I'm here to tell you we have met our objectives and have concluded the process. To do a quick recap, beginning last quarter we reintegrated business renewables, which allows us to maintain a strong position in the renewables market. This business is now fully integrated, and I will be updating you on its progress in the months to come. Moving to residential solar, we undertook a comprehensive strategic review process over the past six months to determine the best course of action to realize value, minimize capital needs and, like business renewables, ensure we do not lose the ability to meet renewable energy demands across all types of customers. While our original goal was to secure permanent capital and deconsolidate the enterprise, we were not able to move forward in this direction in a way that met all our objectives. Today we're announcing a change in our approach to residential solar that will allow us to meet them. First, we're both streamlining and simplifying the organization by significantly lowering the cost structure and focusing in markets where we have a competitive advantage. Residential solar will become a product in our retail offering, and we intend to fully integrate into our retail business by 2017. Second, we are changing our business model to focus on origination, installation, and direct third-party sales which will allow us to simplify financial reporting by providing immediate revenue recognition. I am pleased to announce new partnerships with both Sunrun and Spruce Financial which will allow us to execute on this plan. Our approach comes with significant changes in our overall organization, cost structure, and business model. This model allows us to maintain our 2016 financial guidance as we transition the business throughout the remainder of 2016 to be at least an EBITDA breakeven business by 2017. While this is not a business you can expect to hear about each quarter, our strategy for this business is important to our organization, allowing us to maintain a viable yet right-sized structure so that when the ERCOT market economics are viable we can offer residential solar to our existing 3 million customers. We have also concluded the strategic review process for our electric vehicle charging network or EVgo. I am announcing today the sale of a majority stake of this business to Vision Ridge Partners. NRG will receive total consideration of approximately $50 million with $19.5 million upfront available to NRG and $30 million remaining in the EVgo platform. In addition, NRG have some earn-out potential of up to $70 million through 2022. Under this structure NRG will have – will not have any ongoing capital commitments to EVgo other than its obligations under the California settlement. With the closing of this transaction, EVgo results will no longer be consolidated into NRG financial statements. With the conclusion of the GreenCo process, the $125 million revolver is no longer necessary and will be eliminated as we move forward and execute on our new plans. On slide 8 I want to provide you an update on the great progress we have made in streamlining our cost structure. We are on track to realize $250 million in recurring cost savings in overhead and O&M, and we have made significant progress in our new FORNRG program targets. This means that over the next two years we will have taken an impressive $400 million in total costs out of the system. Additionally, you will be able to track these costs in our disclosures to see our progress as we move through the subsequent quarters. While I am very pleased with our efforts to date, I expect that we will be able to find even more opportunities to reduce our cost structure as we continue with our remaining asset sales, the integration of the residential solar business, and our push to find even more opportunities to streamline the organization. So with that, I will turn it to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning, everyone. Beginning with the financial summary on slide 10, NRG delivered $812 million in adjusted EBITDA and $249 million in free cash flow before growth in the first quarter of 2016. Having now concluded the GreenCo process, our financial results in our guidance now include both EVgo and the newly restructured residential solar within our corporate segment, which is part of the generation and renewable subset of our consolidated guidance. With all businesses now included, we are reaffirming our 2016 full-year guidance for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. During the quarter, we continued our deleveraging program and have now retired a total of $229 million of NRG corporate debt year-to-date through May 4, leading to an additional annualized cash interest savings of $16 million. Finally, to update our progress in achieving our target of $1 billion in incremental consolidated available capital, which was announced on September 18th of last year, NRG has now completed a non-recourse monetization of future PJM capacity revenues from our Midwest Generation fleet for cash proceeds of $253 million. This transaction, which will be accounted for as a non-recourse debt financing with no impact on adjusted EBITDA, represents the final component of our plan to free up $1 billion of 2016 capital, leaving only the balance of our $500 million asset sale target. And we expect to complete this over the balance of this year. Turning to slide 11, the Midwest Gen non-recourse capacity monetization proceeds of $253 million, increases our 2016 capital available for allocation by $210 million versus our prior expectation, as we reviewed during our year-end earnings call. The remaining $43 million in financing proceeds represents the acceleration of capacity revenues within 2016, which were already included in the NRG level of free cash flow before growth guidance midpoint, which was part of the $1.488 billion in 2016 capital available as shown in our year-end earnings materials. Including the Midwest Gen proceeds, total 2016 capital available for allocation now stands at approximately $1.7 billion at the NRG level. We expect to allocate this incremental capital to further advance our deleveraging efforts or alternatively to repay our convertible preferred stock, which based on the conversion price relative to our current share price, presents a compelling potential opportunity. The dropdown of NRG's remaining stake in CVSR to NRG Yield continues to represent an additional opportunity to further supplement NRG level capital available, and we intend to offer this remaining stake to NRG Yield during the quarter. Finally, liquidity stands at $1.9 billion as of March 31, which includes $589 million of cash at the NRG level, which has since been supplemented with the proceeds from the Midwest Gen capacity monetization, which closed just following the quarter end. Finally, turning briefly to slide 12, our continued progress on deleveraging keeps us on track to bring our 2016 corporate debt-to-corporate EBITDA ratio below our target as we position NRG's balance sheet to maintain adherence to our 4.25 times target ratio even through a continued low commodity price cycle. And we will continue to update this analysis as our debt reduction program progresses. And with that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kirk. And in closing, I wanted to remind everyone of our priorities in slide 14. This is the scorecard that I will share with you throughout the rest of the year. As you can see we have made considerable progress in just the first few months of the year. Addressing the general debt is among one of our highest priorities given both the overall debt levels and maturities in 2017 and 2018. We're actively evaluating alternatives to optimize the capital structure with a focus on maximizing value for all stakeholders. With this objective in mind, we expect to be engaging in discussions with general creditors as a part of this process in the near term. As we evaluate alternatives, we remain committed to our prudent balance sheet management principles including maintaining our target corporate credit metrics. We remain focused on executing our current strategy. And with the reintegration of renewables, we're now in a position to reinvigorate the development pipeline and provide certainty to NRG Yield's growth potential. I believe we now have all the pieces to move forward and demonstrate the value of our integrated platform. So with that, operator, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to just delve into the relationship with Sunrun and Spruce that you mentioned. Could you just walk through the roles of NRG and then your two partners just so I can understand better the nature of that relationship, what each party brings to the table, and what this business looks like for you going forward?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure Steve. I mean, I think the best way to think about it is we're going to be focused in the area that we believe we have a competitive advantage. That is in selling the system and installing the system. Once we do that, we have an agreement with Spruce and Sunrun to monetize these systems, to monetize these leases into their platform. So I mean it is a different way of – the way we have done it in the past. If you recall, we were – before we would drop it into Yield, but we would be – it would be consolidated NRG as a whole. Now basically the entire lease goes to our partners.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. So the assets won't go to NYLD, but – and your partners will monetize it. So would you receive effectively an upfront fee for the value you're creating by acquiring a customer or would there be an ongoing cash flow to you?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Steve, it's Kirk. The way to think about this is the cost of the system, which is normally in the traditional construct you think about the CapEx necessary to put a given system in place. The way to think about that in this construct is that is basically cost of goods sold. And the revenue is the price that Sunrun and Spruce pay us for that particular system. So rather than you – than seeing proceeds come in in terms of a return of capital and CapEx go out in advance of that, that is now going to be revenue, which is what we will receive for lock, stock and barrel the entirety of system to Sunrun or Spruce. And then they'll also retain the ongoing obligation to manage and operate the system O&M and the like. And our – and what was formally our capital expenditures would be COGS. So think about it. We are migrating to a gross margin model rather than a gain on sale model, if you want to think about it that way.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Yeah. That's very clear. So Kirk, then every quarter as you get new customers and you sell those assets to Sunrun and Spruce and then that's revenue in terms of the proceeds you receive from them every quarter your operating costs, which used to be CapEx are truly COGS. That's clear. Okay. And then I just wanted to shift over to, Mauricio, what you had said on GenOn at the end. I know we don't know – we can't predict what the outcome will be of those discussions, but is it a clear priority that if there were to be an outcome that that outcome needs effectively to be consistent with your overall credit metrics of NRG as a whole?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Absolutely, Stephen, and I've said that before. And I want to make sure that I'm clear. I mean, we have to maintain the credit metric targets that we have at NRG in – and adhere to that principle in any of the options that we are going to be evaluating. As I said, I would like to simplify the message in the spirit of that. We need to look at simplifying also the capital structure. We need to address GenOn for that reason and because of the near term maturities that we have, but we have to adhere to those prudent balance sheet management principles that we have.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you very much.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Can you guys hear me okay?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, just fine.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Greg
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. So just to beat a dead horse a little bit on the resolution of the process, it sounds like you've created a reasonable way of sort of keeping an option while stopping the losses. But there's probably a lot of investors who are hoping that there would be a clean break here. So can you just talk about the process and the market (25:31) crossover in those assets and why the option, which frankly I think sounds like a good option, is the best thing that you could come up with?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. Greg, I mean, we actually went through a process that took a significant amount of time. During this time I think everybody knows that we knew that the conditions both in the capital markets and then through the beginning of the year were pretty challenging for both the residential solar business as a whole but also on the capital markets. So this was not the best time to be in the market. We knew that. That's why we were looking at selling a majority stake, not all of it, because we wanted to maintain the optionality on the Texas market where we think we have a significant asset in our customers to be able to offer them residential solar. I think when you couple that with this change in the business model where it's effectively we sell, install and flip to a third party, and importantly, refocusing the business where we actually have been successful in the past and reducing significantly the cost structure. We felt that that combination was the best path for maximizing value for this business. And I think we'll provide that over the next 12 months. We expect that business to be at least breakeven in 2017. I've always looked at residential solar as another product in our retail offering. It makes a whole lot of sense if we already have that relationship with the residential customer and this is one of the products that they are asking for it that we provide it. And if we can provide it in a way that is cost effective and that we can create value, we should have it in our lineup of product offerings. So I think the rationale is there. I think the appetite from customers for rooftop solar is there. We just needed to make pretty significant changes in the way we can structure the business model to ensure that it was, quite candidly, a profitable one. And I think that those are the steps that we have taken.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So first of all, you're focusing on New Jersey, Massachusetts, New York. Those are states where you have a presence. So that means you're going to stop spending gobs of money on advertising and feet on the street to try to break into markets where you don't have a presence. Should I presume this also means that you're merging the business line into the core business and getting rid of duplicative overhead, marketing staff and other things like that and just making it sort of part of the product offering of the overall business as opposed to a separate freestanding business, and those are sort of the ways that you're reducing the cost profile?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Exactly. I mean not only we are reducing all the costs by not being in states or regions where we don't have a core advantage, but making it part now of our retail business or in the process of making it to our retail business, we will have significant synergies. Particularly in the marketing and selling, if we now have already a relationship with a customer that is buying system power, we will be using those same vehicles to offer now rooftop solar and potentially decrease the cost of selling that we had on a standalone basis. So I mean, I think this way we create not only a lot of synergies by including in our retail business, but we also are being very disciplined in terms of the size and the scope of this business as we transition through this period, and importantly, maintain the option to, if this becomes viable in Texas, we can offer this to our 3 million customers because that to me is the prize. I mean, that is the goal.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. One more question and then I'll go to the back of the queue as well. You made the decision to bring some cash flow forward by monetizing these capacity payments. I mean, theoretically cash in hand today is better than cash in hand a year or two from now, especially if you're in a position to aggressively de-lever the balance sheet. But Kirk, can you talk about what you're foregoing in the future to get that cash today? How much financing costs are you incurring? And do you see that as working given the market opportunities to retire debt? And where is your debt currently trading? Is it still at big discounts or has it accrued?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. I'll try to cover all that, but if I miss a piece of your multi-part question you can remind me. But as to the Midwest Gen financing, to answer your question, is it worth it? Yes. As I think as we disclosed in the press release, certainly in the Q, a cost of just under 4.5%, and that is basically the way to think about the cost of financing. The way that it works mechanically is you're basically monetizing today the discount and the implied cost from an interest rate standpoint is that kind of 4.5 type cost. Relative to the opportunities certainly that we have and even relative to what the path that we were on exploring previously, which is the term loan B market, we see that as at an attractive cost, as you well put it, to bring cash forward today to take advantage of opportunities and obviously get ahead in our deleveraging progress. I mean, certainly we are focused on doing that, but we are cognizant of the fact that right-sizing the balance sheet is important today so that we can preserve flexibility for the company tomorrow. And this $250 million, net $210 million as I mentioned for 2016, is an important step in that direction for us. As far as our overall debt is concerned, our long-term notes are still trading at a much smaller discount. They've accreted largely closer to par even on the long-dated maturities, which certainly from the standpoint of opportunistically purchasing debt at a discount makes it more expensive, but as you well know, we are a serial issuer or a serial roller of debt from a refinancing opportunity standpoint. So that certainly I feel a lot more comfortable with what that means. In terms of the barometer and the confidence that the high yield market has and the quality of our credit, I think underpinned by what we're on the path to doing in driving those ratios down, and also giving us greater flexibility on the refinancing front. So in the total package, I like where we are today. I mean, I think we've probably have seen 350 basis points of rally on the long side just since our last earnings call.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks, guys. I'll go to the back if I have more.
Kevin L. Cole - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. I actually have a question about your sensitivity to gas and heat rates. I think we've all struggled with trying to gauge what is the correlation between the heat rates and gas especially in Texas? And also how linear is this correlation with gas is especially for the GenOn portfolio, right? You're showing a movement of $0.50 in gas, and I'm basically trying to understand how you are showing that sensitivity because a $0.50 move in gas presumably has little effect at all on GenOn's assets.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Angie, I'm assuming that you're talking about the slide 5 where I put the sensitivities...
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yes.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...for the entire portfolio?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me just – I mean, this is the entire portfolio, not just coal and nuclear, which have been our traditional disclosures. But I guess in the spirit of providing more visibility and clarity to the sensitivity on commodities, I included the gas and oil portfolio as well in this sensitivity chart. So the way to think about my remarks of moving the value of the portfolio by $0.50, $0.5 billion is on an open basis. And this is based on economic generation that we can see today at current markets. So as you can appreciate that economic generation, as commodity prices move, that will increase and your sensitivity to the same $0.50 move will be greater. This sensitivity basically reflects the economic generation that is exposed at current market. So I don't know if that at least provides some clarity in terms of what this number is. Now, in terms of the GenOn, I would say that it's pretty sensitive to increases in natural gas. I'm not sure I...
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Well, I understand, but I'm just trying to say a $0.50 increase in natural gas for GenOn doesn't necessarily mean that a number of those plants are now becoming economic, right? And yet a $1 increase in gas would make a number of GenOn assets economic. So I'm basically trying to see how to capture that sensitivity, right, which is clearly accelerating as gas prices rise.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. No. That's fair. The only thing that I would say is, as you recall in particular on the GenOn complex, but this is in general to both portfolios for GenOn and EME, we already went through a pretty comprehensive asset optimization process where we converted some of these coal plants that were very sensitive to energy prices to natural gas, in effect pivoting the revenue driver from energy margins to capacity margins. So I would say that some of that is already captured in the GenOn complex. I don't know if that was part of your comment that, perhaps, the GenOn complex is not as sensitized to natural gas because of those fuel conversions, but $0.50 makes some difference. I mean, it is not – you will be, I guess, adding economic generation as prices increase. But from current levels where we are, clearly, it's not as significant as it would be in a different market scenario.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And how about now the link between gas prices and heat rates? I'm particularly struggling how to call it in Texas. So you're showing the movement in gas by $0.50 and one heat rate. Can you tell us what's the correlation between these two in Texas and PJM or across the portfolio?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, I mean, I think for simplicity we have provided this as a linear sensitivity. So $0.50 move on gas, half a heat rate move on power, I mean, clearly, when gas prices increase, heat rates tend to be compressed because you want to keep (37:20) content. And the reverse happens when gas prices decrease. We have not provided that comprehensive correlation just – I guess, just for simplicity. Not that we don't have it, because that's the way we actually model our portfolio when we account internally for different changes in commodity prices. But for these type of disclosures we are trying to make it linear and something simple that people can just have a rule of thumb.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Mauricio, a couple clarifications. On the EME money forwarding, are you going to have to put money back into Edison Mission, Midwest Gen in 2018, 2019?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I am sorry, Steve. Are you saying environment – some sort of environmental CapEx or asset optimization? What...
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: No. I'm sorry. The forwarding of the hedge value, the capacity value, excuse me.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Not necessarily putting money in, but as I said before, it is literally a shift forward. So one of the points I wanted to make clear is because of the accounting convention behind how this particular capacity monetization is treated, it is treated as a financing which is why the EBITDA or capacity revenue component of our revenue line is unchanged. But the overall cash flow effect is we're getting those proceeds today. We'll have the capacity revenues tomorrow, but we will have an offset or principal and interest payments that is associated with the payments, if you will, to be third party. But there isn't an injection of cash per se. It's just that the capacity revenues serve to pay the financing cost principal and interest, at least directionally, or the way that is going to play out in the financials as we go forward, if that makes sense.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. But just then from a cash flow standpoint in 2018, 2019 I assume you lose that cash at...
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: ...EME.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The direct answer is yes. You're pulling the cash forward today which means it won't be there tomorrow.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Okay. And then just on the thinking on GenOn, so the support payments which I think are part of your NRG EBITDA, in the event that we go to the scenario where you do have to kind it let it go, can you cut cost significantly to kind of offset the loss to that revenue?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, Steve. I mean, I think the rule of thumb is that it's about 50% of the cost that we...
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It is a significant portion of that number overall. I mean, as you recall, you go back and look at our overall corporate G&A before GenOn and after GenOn, the costs associated with managing that overall portfolio and providing those services is a significant portion of that shared services payment as we move forward. So there is an offsetting reduction in cost if you, just for academic purposes, imagine that shared service payment away. It isn't an absolute.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Praful.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. So Mauricio, you made the point on natural gas prices and the fact that you're long natural gas, which makes sense. Just wanted to understand how you look at retail when you talk about it because you mentioned retailer is countercyclical, which we all understand it is. So when you look at EBITDA sensitivities to natural gas prices, how do you fit in retail and the sensitivity of retail being countercyclical to that EBITDA sensitivity?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. I mean, we have said in the past that in a rising natural gas price environment which theoretically will also increase in power prices, our retail business will contract in their margin. But that will be more than offset on the pickup that we will get on the generation side. So when we think about that integrated platform, we have actually smoothed some of the peaks and valleys by putting it together, particularly in Texas, which is important because of the market construct. The energy-only type of market construct that is the way I described it is feast or famine. I mean, it is almost a digital market. It is prices are very low or prices are very high. So we feel very comfortable with our value proposition. And we feel very comfortable that if gas prices rise the impact or the negative impact that has in retail is more than offset by a significant multiple on the generation side.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. That's simple. But any order of magnitude impact on the retail versus the wholesale?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think we – I mean, we've provided a band of our retail business in the past, but I don't believe we have provided a sensitivity to a percentage move in natural gas or power prices. But I mean that is something that we could potentially look at in the future. And I'm making a note of that.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. That would be very helpful. And just quickly, secondly, I was looking at your hedge disclosure on slide 24.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And the Texas and South Central seems to have a weighted average hedge price that looked to have dropped for 2017 by about $5 a megawatt hour, and just wanted to ensure I understand what's driving that?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Look, I mean, what we did is we layered in additional hedges for 2017. I mean, if you look at the hedge percentages from the last quarter to this quarter, I think we increased by I want to say 25% to 30% our total hedge price. And I think that is the effect of just increasing our percentage hedge at some lower prices which reflect current market. And I mean we did it in the back of the recent rally that we have seen in the natural gas market. As I have said, I continue to be bullish in 2017, but we need to be prudent in terms of our hedge profile for a potential extension of this trough in the commodity cycle. But as we have been in the past we're very opportunistic, and we felt that with this recent move it was a good time to layer in additional hedges. Now, I think that pertains only to our coal and nuclear fleet. It does not have our gas portfolio reflected in this. Chris, do you have any additional comments?
Chris Moser - Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations: No. I think that's true. I think that's a factor of some of the heat rate moves we've seen on the expansion and how you calculate gas sales when you translate them into heat rate. Sometimes you get a bit of a funny move like that. As you can see the average equivalent natural gas price is decent right there at $3.52, so I think it's an artifact of some moving around on the heat rate side.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. Thank you, guys. I will get back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys, two questions for you and congrats on a good start to the year.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just looking at some of the detail you provide on the Texas market in your market outlook, I'm kind of at slide 21 and beyond. Just curious, the units you view at risk, what do you think the catalyst is? What you think the timeframe is for when the owners of some of those units have to start making decisions about when to retire? Is there a forcing function or could this kind of drag out longer than people expect?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, I mean, I will give you two cents on it before I pass it on to Chris, but clearly the current commodity or power price environment is already a pretty good catalyst for starting that conversation. And we announced at the beginning of this year that we were going to – our intentions to retire one of our units because of the absolute lack of scarcity pricing and the failure of ORDC to provide the right price signal in what we consider the tightest market in the country. So I would say that you have different catalysts right now brewing. The first one is this very low power price environment in Texas. The second one is the regional case regulations and then the one-hour SO2 requirements. So when you put those three together, I think this is what we tried to show in this slide, which units are exposed to either one, two or all three. And I think that will inform the decision of asset owners in terms of the economic viability of their units. But Chris, I mean, do you have...
Chris Moser - Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations: Well, yeah. I don't know that I have a lot to add to that. I mean, I think as you're sitting there and you're thinking, God, I have to put new scrubbers on Big Brown and Monticello. And then, oh, we still haven't seen exactly what the damage is from those in terms of we haven't yet seen the final one-hour SO2 impact. I think that combination has got to be daunting.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: What's the timeline? When do plants have to comply with both those?
Chris Moser - Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations: Well, regional haze is going to be later 2019, 2020 and the one-hour SO2 I don't have a good answer for you on because I think it's still being baked.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And when you think about nuclear plants in Texas, I mean, we're seeing retirements of nuclear plants in some of the markets that have capacity payments. Can you talk about whether South Texas project is generating free cash flow and whether you think nuclear plants are facing some of the same challenges in Texas that we're seeing elsewhere in the country?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, Michael. I mean, I think all the traditional baseload generation is facing some challenges at $2 gas prices. I think from our perspective, and we don't provide specific information on a plant by plant basis, but what I will tell you is in Texas we actually have a higher threshold than if we were a standalone generator. And the reason why is of our integrated model. So we actually achieve significant amount of synergies and value by pointing generation to retail. We avoid collateral charges. We avoid friction costs. So we have this higher threshold when it comes to evaluating the economic viability of the plant. But again, I don't think we can make a decision of retiring a plant based on one month or three months of very low commodity prices which, to be fair, we have very effectively mitigated with our hedging philosophy and strategy. What we need to do is we need to look at it in the context of all the dynamics in that market. What are the prospects for each of those plants, and what exactly is what that plant provides to the system that eventually will be captured in the prices? So that's I guess where I see that. What I will tell you is that we have an absolute commitment to operate plants that are economic. We have, I think, a pretty good track record in terms of retiring plants where the system doesn't need them in the past, for over the last 10 years. And even since the beginning of this year we have retired close to a gigawatt of generation in western New York and Texas because the market just doesn't support it and because we felt that the economic prospects in those particular markets were not going to support it. But I think investors should rest assured that we will make the right economic decision. But we need to make sure that we go beyond the next month and we look at the prospects going forward.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks, Mauricio, much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi. Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So a couple of little questions, little details here on the resi solar piece, just going back to that, how many megawatts do you expect you will be able to monetize annually as far as a run rate? And then secondly on the EVgo piece can you comment real quickly, what's the California payout still due? I imagined – I think it says you retain that piece?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Julien, it's Kirk. I'll answer the EVgo piece of that. We've probably got over the next four years about – the good rule of thumb on the California settlement, think about that order of magnitude about $20 million a year over the next four years. It bumps around, but that's sort of a good averaging. And then we'd be completed in terms of our obligations in California under that settlement.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Julien, I mean, I think what you should be looking at on the home solar business is we're actually looking at the last six months of operation. We don't have any grand aspirations in terms of the total sales and installations that we want to have for the year. We're calibrating that to the historical levels. I feel very strongly that our plan needed to be a plan that it was achievable. I'm not going to provide you specific numbers, but what I will tell you is that I feel very comfortable hitting those targets. And I think with the agreements that we have with our partners we're going to be able to effectively implement this new business model. So I think that's what I'm comfortable disclosing to you, Julien, today.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Well, wait, sorry. Just to be clear you're comfortable hitting which target?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. What I'm comfortable is on the financial numbers that I provided. I don't want to go into specific systems that we're going to be deploying. What I said is that this business is going to be at least break even by 2017, and that in 2016 the negative EBITDA that I have disclosed is mostly coming from this first six months of operation while we were running this business. I mean, going forward I think that turns into a breakeven value proposition. But I don't want to provide right now specifics in terms of megawatts deployed or systems installed. I feel that the financial disclosures that we're providing will be sufficient going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And just turning to the PJM auction coming up here, I've just got to ask. You put it 140 to 160 as analyst expectations, but what are your expectations? And then specifically within that what are you thinking about demand response, the RICE regulations, and new supply entry?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Chris, any comments on the BRA?
Chris Moser - Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations: Yeah. I mean, back on page 22 we discussed it a little bit. I mean, we've seen some pretty decent numbers out of capacity markets in general across the board there at $7 NE Pool (54:43). We like – obviously the last BRA in the 200s for areas where we have a lot of generation were fantastic results. And then the New York May spot market has been – was a great trend there in the face of a lowered load forecast. We see a lower load forecast for the CP auction as well. So it's probably down year-on-year. So that's why we threw the analyst expectations on. I'm not going to throw a number, our own internal number out there, but look, I think it's reasonable to think it's going to be down some or moderate a little bit from the numbers we saw last time just because of the changes in load forecast. And then you're right to point out, I think there are some pretty big wildcards out there in terms of, hey, what does FirstEnergy do? What does AEP do? And what kind of impact is the RICE NESHAP going to have on those? And those are a bit of wildcards out there that could swing that one. Well, I think that those swing it directionally upwards compared to where it otherwise would be if you start pulling out some of the DR based on auto DR. And then also if you look at FirstEnergy and AEP decide they're going to retire those units and don't want capacity obligations because they're concerned about whether or not this end run, this most recent end run they're trying around FERC works or not. I think there that 6,000 megawatts of stuff that's up in the air, which arguably could have a bullish piece on it. Will that be enough to offset the load change that they've had in the load forecast? That remains to be seen.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: But I don't hear you emphasizing new supply or a big swing in demand response, right?
Chris Moser - Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations: Sorry, Julien, say it again?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: I don't hear you emphasizing a big move in new supply or demand response participation.
Chris Moser - Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations: Well, I think on the demand response side this is kind of the last hurrah for a base – for the base capacity product. So we'll see what happens on that side, but I – yeah. I don't think there's big swings either way on those two points.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question. Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Mauricio, you mentioned at one point that you are going to start looking for incremental savings. And just when we benchmark your SG&A against some of your peers, obviously, you are a bigger company, but it does seem still to be a much more scaled number than maybe others have. Can you give us some insight into what you see as the factors there and what sort of areas you might be looking at as you try to drive further cost savings? Is it a presentational issue?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right, Jonathan. No. I mean, what I said in the past is that I think it's not a fair comparison to put us against some of our generator peers because they don't have the scale of our retail platform and our retail business. So I mean, I think on our generation platform, I will put it vis-à-vis anybody in our space, but you need to take into consideration that we have a retail platform that I don't believe anybody else on our sector has. What we have done today and what I tried to articulate today is really to give you a comprehensive look at the entire cost structure that we have, one that you can actually reconcile with our financials and that you can hold us accountable going forward. We have identified and either executed or are in execution close to $400 million of cost reductions that I feel we all feel very comfortable that are very achievable. And we're making significant progress. I think there are more opportunities as we integrate some of the businesses, specifically residential solar into the platform, but I expect that we will be looking at other areas. We now have a comprehensive continuous improvement program that over the years have been very effective under FORNRG umbrella, and we are extending that, expanding that to the entire organization. So we are reinvigorating that initiative. It is now company-wide, and I expect that we will come with additional savings under that framework going forward, and as we start identifying them I will provide that additional detail. But I'm just excited about where we are in terms of our cost reduction program. We have made significant progress and I think we run a very – we're going to be running a very efficient organization here. That is my goal, and again, I mean I think when it comes to comparisons you need to make sure that you compare apples to apples.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No. That is fair, but do you think that this sort of next round you're alluding to is something in 2016 or is that more longer term?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I think it would be in 2016. I mean, we are in the process right now. I mean, I announced today the reintegration of residential solar. We have identified, as I said, significant cost savings. I think as it fully integrates with retail I am sure that there will be more. And we're looking across other areas in the organization. So I mean this is an area of focus and to be candid, I mean, it is a reflection and it has to be an – it is an imperative in this commodity cycle. So we are looking across not just overhead but also operations, O&M, and that is an area of focus as we're seeing changes in dispatch profiles and changes in terms of how our units get compensated specifically moving from energy-driven margins to capacity-driven margins. So I mean, everything is on the table. And I think, as I said, I mean, it is an imperative in this current commodity market environment.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And maybe I'd just make one quick one on if you do move into Texas with the home solar business, is it agreed that that will be with the same partners under the same model or is that TBD?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's a TBD. Right now the partners were focused in the three Northeast markets. And I can't comment right now in Texas, but I think it's a TBD.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So the deal you have with Sunrun and Spruce is specific to the three markets we've talked about today then?
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think what I will say is that's where we're focusing right now, and our partners will support us on those three markets.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. All right. Well, thank you guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Brian Chin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks and good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Brian.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So just going back to the Midwest Gen capacity, I get that you're just swapping out for a lower cost of capital, but what I'm wondering is that $253 million, does that cover the entirety of the Midwest Gen capacity? Is there an ability to upsize that to a larger number Why or why wouldn't you potentially upsize that lower cost of capital financing?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Brian, it's Kirk. What I would tell you is, no, it doesn't include all of it. The order of magnitude is a little less than half. There may be an incremental opportunity to do so, but that number provides us the amount of capital we thought was prudent right now given the opportunities we see on the deleveraging front. But again, so it's a little less than half of the total amount of capacity, so think about maybe 1,500 megawatts a year through the 2016-2017, 2017-2018, 2018-2019 timeframe.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then could you conceivably expand that for any of your assets in PJM East or potentially in California under resource adequacy constructs?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I can't really comment too much on California. I think that's a little bit more complex, but the answer on the PJM East front is yes. Added complexity there is – obviously, a lot of those assets are in the GenOn complex, but it's certainly not impossible where that's concerned. And then I think going back to Midwest Gen, certainly that's an opportunity that we'd revisit post the completion of the next round of auctions there in PJM.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate it. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You bet.
Mauricio Gutierrez - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No problem, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our Q&A session for today. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-29 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Cole - SVP, IR Mauricio Gutierrez - President and CEO Kirk Andrews - Chief Financial Officer Chris Moser - Head, Commercial Operations
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Neel Mitra - Tudor Pickering
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the NRG Energy Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin Cole, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Kevin Cole: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy’s full year and fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. This morning’s call is being broadcast live over the phone and via the webcast, which can be located on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. As this is a call for NRG Energy, any statements made in this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG perspective. Please note that today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor in today’s presentation as well as the risk factors in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today’s press release and presentation. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today and covering the financial part of the presentation is Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Retail; and Chris Moser, Head of Commercial Operations are available for questions. Let me also formally welcome Kevin Cole, as our new Head of Investor Relations. He is well-known by many of you, having spent a number of years in the energy sector on both the buy and sell side. I also want to thank Chad Plotkin for providing transitional support over the past few months and wish him well, as he moves on to take other responsibilities within the Company. Before we begin, I want to take a moment to acknowledge and thank David Crane for his years of service at NRG. We are grateful for his many contributions to the Company for over a decade. And I want to wish him well in his next endeavors. Today is my first time, addressing you as CEO of NRG. So, I’m going to deviate slightly from our normal earnings agenda because I want to use this time to not only report on the results of our business, which were exceptional, but also to give you my perspective on the strategic direction of the Company and our immediate priorities. So, let’s begin on slide four, where I have outlined the key messages you should take away from today’s call. First, as our financial performance has shown time and time again, we have the right portfolio and the right platform to succeed in this environment. Our business delivers strong results, during periods of low prices and importantly, our generation fleet remains significantly levered till market recovers. Second, in this environment, we will benefit from having a stronger balance sheet. We have initiated a comprehensive plan to reduce debt, streamline costs, and replenish capital. We are proactively doing this to take advantage of market opportunities in the short-term, so we can benefit from a market recovery in the medium to long run. Third, in order to afford ourselves maximum flexibility on our capital allocation decisions, we are recalibrating our dividend to be consistent with the capital intensive and cyclical nature of our industry. Finally, we are focused on bringing the GreenCo process to a closure that maximizes value for our shareholders. We are reintegrating business renewables back into the NRG platform with no change to our financial guidance and reinforcing our strategic relationship with NRG Yield. We are continuing to sell process of EVgo and NRG Home Solar. All of these actions support our objective to continue building and operating the best integrated competitive power company. Now, let me elaborate in more detail. Starting on slide six with the financial performance of our business, I am very pleased to report that we achieved the upper range of our adjusted EBITDA guidance in 2015, despite the challenging power markets, a company-wide restructuring, and changes in management. We remained focused on our business and delivered top quartile safety business with our retail business having a record year, demonstrating the consistency and value of our integrated platform. So, to every one of my colleagues, job well done. There are a few points that I want to highlight. We are reaffirming 2016 financial guidance, which now includes our business renewables. Our commercial team continues to execute superbly and have mitigated the impact of lower prices for the year. We are off to a good start on our plan to strengthen the balance sheet. Since November, we have retired close to $700 million in high-yield debt at a significant discount bar. We are expanding this by an additional $925 million of debt reductions, which Kirk will cover in more detail. We remain focused in replenishing capital with $500 million in targeted asset sales in 2016 and we are accelerating our cost savings timeline. And as I mentioned before and something I will discuss in more detail in a few slides, we are reducing the annual dividend to $0.12 per share from $0.15 per share, which afford us maximum flexibility in our capital allocation program, during this market period. Let me now move to the strategic part of the presentation and provide you my perspective on where NRG’s today and what I believe separate us from others in our industry. Stakeholders repeatedly tell me that NRG story and capital structure is too complicated about the company’s spending too much money on businesses that are outside of its core competencies. I have taken this seriously and I am here today telling you that simplification of our business is an imperative, both for external perception and internal focus. Efforts are already under way to address this concern. Everything from the way NRG’s preceding the market to the way we disclose information, to the way we run our platform will be greatly simplified over the next several quarters. Simplification starts with the way that we think about the business. The graphic on the left side of slide seven represents our thinking. NRG has and continues to be comprised of two main businesses, generation, inclusive all renewable; and retail. That is our focus and there should be no mistake about that. But, it is not only these two businesses independently that create a most value for NRG, it is the interaction between the two through our scalable operating platform. This is truly a case where the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. The plus points between our generation and retail businesses underpin the NRG value for position. A generational fleet that is well diversified in terms of location, merit-order and fuel price minimizing exposure to downturns in any one market, but flexible enough to benefit from specific areas like we saw during the polar vortex, a complementary business model that helps insulate revenues from commodity risks. Today, two-thirds of our economic gross margin comes from sources that are counter or non-correlated to gas, like retail; capacity revenues or long-term contracts. A cash flow machine, even in what has become a very difficult commodity cycle that is enhanced by our ability to replenish capital through NRG Yield. While I believe it’s not fully appreciated, much to our own doing is the shared and scalable platform that we have built. Our ability to leverage our common platform to grow our business and realize cost synergy in the processes absolutely unique in this industry. And not only is it unique but later in the presentation, I’ll explain why I think it is necessary to succeed. In summary, my view of the business is that it’s simple, focused and differentiated within the competitive power space. Turning now to slide eight, I want to take a step back and give you my perspective on the competitive power industry and what I believe it takes to be successful. This industry’s currently undergoing a paradigm shift. We are in periods of sustained low natural gas prices, load growth that has slowed in most markets except Texas and the Gulf Coast, [indiscernible] technologies are coming on to the grid, changing traditional dispatch, market growths are focused on reliability, particularly in the face of retirement, renewables continue to enter the market as regulation focuses on limiting emissions from conventional power. Being a pure IPP player is no longer enough to succeed in the market today and defiantly not tomorrow. The company that can successfully navigate all the risks and changes in the competitive power industry is one that is diversified, not only in terms of its generation portfolio, but also in terms of its business line. It is too easy for any one fuel type or any one business line to experience turmoil or disruption in the current shifting market. As I mentioned before, the operational platform has become a value differentiator and to a great extent, a source of incremental revenue. Operational excellence is always non-negotiable, regardless of the industry. But in ours, building an operational platform that enables economies of scale is even more fundamental. For NRG, this operational platform has become a differentiated means of margin enhancement, as complementary businesses intersect and create opportunities for companies to startle different markets. But this is just the foundation. In the competitive power industry, companies need to remain leveraged to the upside by constantly assessing the markets and the economic viability of opportunities to grow the businesses in a disciplined manner, as markets evolve. For me, this means investing in areas where you can have a competitive advantage. It does not mean trying to be everything to everyone. Last, I believe financial discipline needs to be a top priority for companies in our sector. It is not prudent to take a myopic approach to managing the balance sheet and capital allocation. These decisions must be made on a portfolio level, looking at all parts of the business and align decision making with current market opportunities. So, how do we start up against these principles? I have already stressed how pleased I am with the operational execution across the business within NRG. We have made great strides in diversifying our business and revenues to protect us from low natural gas and power prices. At the same time, we remain well-positioned for growth, looking for low cost development opportunities and to monetize assets through our static relationship within NRG Yield. These unique attributes, position NRG for sustained success in the industry. As you saw in the earlier slides, we have identified cost control and financial discipline, as one of our key opportunities for improvement. While we have already begun a period of cost savings, I still believe we can do more. And I am actively working with the teams to uncover new opportunities. Our other area of focus will be in how we approach capital allocation and how we manage our capital structure. I want to make sure that our capital decisions meet with the current and near term market cycles. We plan to be transparent in our capital allocation. And there should be no head scratching when it comes to how we deploy capital. And on that note, our focus right now needs to be on deleveraging the business to ensure we stay ahead of this market cycle, so we can take the advantage of the opportunities that will result from it. We have already made significant progress and we will continue to do so until we see market conditions change. As we just discussed, NRG operates a large and well-diversified integrated portfolio with assets that are environmentally well-controlled. While it is important to have a good foundation, there is no one size fits all approach when it comes to regional dynamics. On the slide nine, we outlined what I refer to as our go-to-market strategy that reflects each of our regions, specific trends and market dynamics. In the East region, it’s all about reliability or capacity revenues. We have seen system-operators support for capacity products that reward reliability and performance, particularly in the face of retirements and weather events such as the polar vortex. For example, in the first capacity performance auction in PJM, we cleared close to 90% of our fleet and increased capacity revenues by 80% over the next three years. We are about to finish the repositioning of our portfolio to shift our margin mix from energy to capacity, via fuel conversations, which reduces operating costs significantly and environmental retrofits to maintain a cheap option on key assets to capitalize on higher power prices. In the Gulf, we continued to benefit from our integrated platform in this lower price environment where our retail operation continues to over perform. Let me just say that our retail business in Texas is virtually impossible to replicate due to its scale and linkage with generation. We have demonstrated the value of our retail franchise for the past seven years with 2015 being our best year yet. This is a key differentiator of ours and one that we will continue to focus on, and grow. Our generation fleet has the scale and environmental controls needed to sustain this weak price environment, where we should see further supply rationalization. At the same time, there is still the potential for the market to self-correct and be enhanced by improvements in market structure and feed pricing. The West region is a story of renewables and distributor resources, and maintaining a capacity fleet that supports the grid, given the intermittent nature of these resources. There is a need for quick start, well-located assets. And that is exactly what NRG has been successful in that market. Securing contracted assets and developing sites in favorable locations that can then be monetized through NRG Yield, providing us a long-term dividend payment. So far, we have developed over 1,800 megawatts of quick start generation and won nearly 800 megawatts of repowering at our Carlsbad and Puente sites. We have been successful in growing our renewable and distributor portfolio and with the reintegration of the renewables group into NRG, this will continue to be a growth area. Now, turning to slide 10, we remain focused on streamlining the organization. I am pleased with our efforts in taking close to $350 million in costs out of the system, but I am not satisfied and we continue to look for more. So today, I am announcing an accelerated timeline for our target cost savings of $150 million under our core NRG continuous improvement process, which has yielded so many benefits across the organization over the years. We expect this EBITDA accretive cost savings to be realized through end of 2017. Additionally, we continue to prune our portfolio to bring incremental capital back into the Company. We have executed on $138 million in asset sales thus far and are on track with our $500 million target. Last, we are nearing the completion of our current generation fleet modernization program, which reduces our CapEx commitment by nearly $650 million in 2017, providing us additional flexibility on capital allocation in the next five years. Moving on to slide 11, I know there has been a lot of questions about my perspective on renewables and how this relates to the GreenCo process that we announced late last year. Let me be clear. As the CEO of not only the largest competitive generation owner in the country, but also one of the largest renewable companies, I recognize that this market represents a significant development opportunity, given said renewable targets, customer needs, our competencies and financial incentives, and it is one in which we must participate. However, I am committed to ensuring that our efforts in this area match our skills and capabilities and are executed in a way that is value-creating for shareholders. I am mindful of what has and continues to be a very deliberate process around GreenCo to determine the best way to create value in these business areas. So, let me summarize where we are now. First, from here on out, we will no longer refer to GreenCo, as described in our September update call. As we think about the individual business strategies moving forward, it no longer makes sense to group them under one headline. Not all renewable businesses are viewed the same in terms of fit and value for NRG. Today, I am announcing the reintegration of our traditional NRG business. Everything but the utility scale, since that was never part of the GreenCo process, back into the Company to ensure we’ll maintain our advantage position and skills to participate in the changing landscape of the power industry. It is important to recognize that many of our C&I customers expect us to be able to integrate renewables on and offsite. Said another way, our efforts in renewables will mirror the strength of our integrated platform. And when augmented by our partnership with NRG Yield, our renewables business, which is net cash positive on a full year basis, does not require permanent capital from NRG. In addition, the reintegration of NRG Renew will not cause any change to our financial guidance. I am also pleased to announce that NRG and NRG Yield have reallocated $50 million in previously committed cash equity from the residential solar partnership to the business renewable partnership. This change reinforces our alignment with NRG Yield with mutual focus in renewable energy development. Finally, as you will know from the slide, we are in active negotiations around strategic transactions Home Solar and EVgo, so my comments will be limited. I do expect to complete this process in the second quarter. Turning on to slide 12, I want to walk you through our revised approach to NRG dividend. The dividend was launched in 2012 for several reasons, to better highlight the value of our contracted assets; to enable ownership by dividend restricted income funds; and to add yield support. Today, our world looks much different than it in 2012. We now have a deliberate dividend paying vehicle in NRG Yield to highlight the value of contracted generation and the assumed volatility in the IPP sector has mitigated our ability to realize yield support. And so, we meet our fundamental view that a static dividend approach is not an appropriate use of capital, given the deep cyclical nature of our sector. With that, we are reducing the dividend to $0.12 per share from $0.58 per share or to about 1% yield. I want to be crystal clear that this reduction is not due to balance sheet constrains. It is simply aligning our dividend approach with our broader focus on adaptability, while at the same time, maintaining a differentiated platform that appeals to a broad range of investors and creating shareholder value through all commodity, credit and development cycles. Moving to slide 13, this is one of the most important topics of today’s call. My core fundamental view on capital allocation is to stay focus on what we want to become. However, given the deep cyclical nature of the sector, we must first ensure the robustness of our balance sheet when deploying capital. We are proactively taking the necessary steps to not only there’s no doubt about our strength during this cycle but also to take advantage of opportunities that arise during market dislocations. Kirk will discuss in more detail the specifics, but I want to offer three takeaways. One, the nearing conclusion of our large capital reinvestment program provides us the latitude to effectively harvest strong free cash flows through our asset optimization program, as I believe we have a good line of sight on market prices and environmental requirements, at least through the end of the decade. Next, paying down debt is fundamental as it assures our equity holders that NRG has the flexibility to create strong returns for them when the market recovers, and it assures our customers a stronger counterparty. My goal is to create no doubt in the strength of our balance sheet. So, at this time, maintaining our current target ratio of four and a quarter corporate debt to corporate EBITDA gives us ample headroom to our bound covenants and it is consistent with our credit ratings. Last, I remain committed to returning cash to shareholders when we feel that our capital structure is strong enough to allow for flexibility in the event of our prolonged commodity and capital market downturn. I ask that you don’t take our focus on the deleveraging in 2016 as an indication that NRG has turned away from returning capital to shareholders. Rather, I think of it as assuring that our shareholders can have confidence that NRG will be in a strong position to benefit from opportunities and better market conditions. I will now turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirk Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio and good morning everyone. Beginning with the financial summary on slide 15, NRG delivered a total of $3.34 billion in adjusted EBITDA and $1.127 billion in free cash flow before growth in 2015. Our 2015 results highlight the benefits and resilience of our integrated platform as the low commodity price environment helped Home Retail deliver $739 million in adjusted EBITDA, exceeding our original 2015 guidance of that segment by more than 20%. Business and Renew achieved $1.881 billion in EBITDA for the year, while NRG Yield which was aided by robust wind conditions in California late in the fourth quarter, contributed $720 million. NRG completed $786 million in dropdowns to NRG Yield in 2015, helping expand capital available for allocation and allowing us to return over $1.3 billion to stakeholders. $628 million of this capital was returned to shareholders including the repurchase of approximately 7% shares outstanding. Having shifted our capital allocation focus late in 2015, since November and through this past month, NRG has retired approximately $700 million in unsecured debt, including over $400 million at the NRG level and $274 million at GenOn. Our reduced unsecured debt allowances will also help increase recurring cash flow with over $50 million in annualized interest savings realized so far, as a result of these efforts. I’d also like to briefly address one element of our 2015 results outside of EBITDA and free cash flow that is the non-cash impairment charges we took in the fourth quarter. On an annual basis, we test our long lived assets and goodwill for potential impairment. Given the prolonged low commodity price outlook, we adjusted our long-term view of power prices, which resulted in a non-cash impairment charge of approximately $5.1 billion, consisting of a write-down of certain fixed assets as well as goodwill. Due to the lack of robust forward prices in ERCOT, this change -- charge rather, is primarily related to impairments of our two coal plants in that market as well as goodwill related to the 2006 acquisition of Texas Genco, of which these two coal plants were a part. Based on the robust commodity price outlook at the time of the acquisition, we allocated the substantial portion of the Texas Genco purchase price to the coal plants with minimal value allocated to the gas plants. And although since that time the Texas Genco portfolio has delivered over $8.5 billion of unlevered free cash flow and provided the platform for our expansion into retail with the acquisition of Reliant in 2009, the outlook in the ERCOT market is nonetheless shifted substantially, currently favoring gas over coal. The impairment of our two ERCOT coal plants aligns the book value of these assets with their forward cash flow profile, as implied by the current market environment. And while the shift in market dynamics also implies the value of our gas portfolio in Texas now substantially exceeds its book value, as many of you are aware accounting rules permit only the write-down of asset book values and do not permit a write-up. These impairment charges also resulted in cumulative net income for the prior three-year period falling below the threshold prescribed for evaluation allowance against our net deferred tax asset balance, largely associated with NRG’s tax NOLs. As a result, our one-time fourth quarter charges also include a $3 billion non-cash charge to tax expense, resulting from a contra asset entry on NRG’s balance sheet, as required under GAAP as a valuation allowance offsetting our net deferred tax asset balance. That said, this accounting charge has no bearing on our ability to utilize our NOLs against future taxable income, and we continue to fully expect to do so. Finally, turning to our 2016 guidance, we are reaffirming the previously announced guidance ranges for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth, which as Mauricio indicated earlier, reflect our expectations for consolidated 2016 results including business renewables, which was previously part of GreenCo. A point of clarification, business renewables NRG’s commercial and industrial distributed solar business, our utility scale renewable assets were not part of the GreenCo business previously excluded from our guidance. Turning to slide 16, I’d like to briefly summarize our capital allocation progress in 2015, focusing on the NRG level, which excludes cash and capital projects at various excluded subsidiaries, primarily GenOn and NRG Yield. Total NRG level capital available through 2015 was $1.7 billion that is shown on the left of the slide. Capital available to NRG includes three components: First NRG level excess cash at the end of 2014, which is basically cash and cash equivalents, less our $700 million minimum cash liquidity reserve, net of any cash collateral posted as of the year-end; second, the portion of our consolidated free cash flow before growth at the NRG level, which is in 2015 was just over $800 million; and finally, during 2015, as I mentioned earlier, NRG receives $786 million proceeds from NRG Yield, which comprises the third component of capital available. During 2015, NRG level capital allocated totaled approximately $1.2 billion with more than half of that amount returned to our shareholders. Having shifted our focus late in the year toward debt reduction, we ended 2015 by retiring $246 million of principal across various maturities of NRG’s unsecured notes, which significantly expanded the reduction of corporate debt beyond the amortization of our term loan facility. And as I mentioned earlier, we continued that deleveraging process through the first two months of the year, which I’ll address more comprehensively when we turn to 2016 capital allocation in a moment. The remaining $312 million was allocated toward growth investments. Importantly, this amount represents a reduction of over $450 million versus our original growth investments forecast provided on our first quarter 2015 earnings call. At that point, we projected approximately $960 million in consolidated growth investments with nearly $800 million of that amount expected at the NRG level. This reduction in NRG level spend was the result of both the slower pace of Home Solar as well as the elimination of other growth investments. Turning to our 2016 NRG level capital allocation plans on slide 17 and building on the delevering process -- progress, rather, we’ve made since November 2015. I will see -- 2016 will see a more significant shift towards further debt reduction, leaving no doubt that our balance sheet strength and credit ratios will remain resilient even if the current low commodity prices continue beyond the current year. We expect approximately $1.5 billion of capital available for allocation at the NRG level in 2016, which again represents excess capital beyond our minimum cash balance reserve for liquidity, which is further supplemented by our $2.5 billion credit facility. 2016 capital available for allocation consists of the excess cash balance at the NRG level at year-end 2015 plus the mid-point of our NRG level free cash flow before gross guidance and expected proceeds from dropdown to NRG Yield of approximately $125 million in 2016. These expected dropdown proceeds consistent of the substantial portion of what remains under our residential solar and business renewable or DG partnerships at NRG Yield, and represents the return of the portion of our 2016 growth investments toward these two businesses. This month, in order to align the size of these two partnerships with NRG’s strategic priorities, we have reached an agreement with NRG Yield to shift the amount of capital between Home Solar and the business renewables partnership. As a result, the Home Solar partnership was reduced by $50 million to $100 million with a corresponding $50 million increase to the business renewables partnership, reflecting the more robust and reliable pipeline of business renewables which has now been reintegrated within NRG. We expect to allocate approximately 75% of our 2016 NRG level capital or over $1 billion towards further debt reduction in 2016. This consists of ongoing term loan amortization as well as over $150 million in NRG corporate debt already retired, year-to-date. We plan to supplement this deleveraging in two ways. First, we will allocate $600 million of capital towards NRG debt retirement through open market purchases or tenders. And second, being mindful of our next NRG bond maturity in 2018, which is now approximately $1 billion in principal outstanding and the backdrop of the current dislocation in high yield market, we will reserve an additional $325 million toward the retirement of our 2018 notes in connection with the coincident refinancing of the balance when market conditions are more favorable. While our current priority is to ensure an efficient retirement and refinancing of our 2018 notes, as conditions evolve, we will continue to evaluate the best use of this debt reduction capital and may choose to allocate it toward different maturities, should this alternative prove more favorable. In any event, we expect this capital to ultimately be allocated toward corporate debt reduction, in order to meaningfully advance our efforts to further strengthen our balance sheet and ensure adherence to our target balance sheet metrics, even through an extended low cycle and commodity prices. As Mauricio indicated earlier, we have now adjusted our dividend rate to a level consistent with both our capital allocation priorities and a cyclical and capital intensive nature of our business. And while the current depressed level of our share price undoubtedly represents the compelling return opportunity, we believe it is prudent to continue our progress in right-sizing corporate debt and strengthening ratios, which will enable us the flexibility to capitalize on value enhancing opportunities for shareholders. Such opportunities are only made truly compelling by first ensuring the strength of the balance sheet, which supports this. For 2016, we expect just over $300 million of growth investments, consisting primarily of our P.H. Robinson peaker project, Carbon 360 and our commitment pursuant to the California EVgo settlement. During 2016, we are also focused on executing on opportunities to further expand capital available for allocation, including $250 million of non-recourse financing included as part of our reset announcement last year. As I indicated on our third quarter call, we are now fully prepared to launch this financing when market conditions are more favorable. In addition, we continue to expect the next utility-scale dropdown offer to NRG Yield to be our remaining stake in CVSR and plan to offer this yield in 2016. We are currently exploring this yield the best mean to efficiently finance this dropdown towards this yield and prudently managing its liquidity while continuing to replenish capital to NRG. I expect we’ll have more to share with you on the timing and the payment structure later this year. And finally, tuning to slide 18, in light of our significantly deleveraging progress and having provided an extended look at our 2016 capital allocation plan, I would like to update the information we provided last quarter regarding NRG capital structure and 2016 corporate credit metrics. Focusing on recourse debt at the NRG level, which prior to deleveraging, we had expected to be approximately $8.8 billion as of year-end 2016, on our third quarter call, we indicated our intention to reduce that debt by at least $500 million. Having completed half of this objective during the fourth quarter alone, we ended 2015 with just over $8.5 billion in recourse debt. Since then and through February, we completed an additional $171 million in debt reduction, as shown on the far right column of the slide. And as a result, based on the midpoint of our guidance and our implied 2016 corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratio is already nearly in line with our four and a quarter target. However, our goal is to maintain adherence to that target in 2017 and beyond, taking into account the possibility of sustained low commodity prices. This objective drives our continued focus on further debt reduction over the course of 2016. As I indicated previously in reviewing 2016 capital allocation, we expect to further reduce corporate debt by at least another $600 million this year. Taking that additional deleveraging into account, we are on track to drive corporate debt below $8 billion by the end of the year, which would place our corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratio at approximately four times. And finally, factoring on and the effective releasing the $325 million of additional capital, we have currently reserved for further reducing our 2018 maturity. That 2016 ratio would be reduced to 3.8 times. One way to consider that number is that it allows us to maintain adherence to our four and a quarter target ratio, even if corporate EBITDA were to be reduced by approximately $200 million, as a result of sustained low commodity prices. With that, I’ll turn it back to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. And we have taken a lot of time this morning. So, let me just end with our priorities for 2016 on slide 20. We have the right portfolio and the right platform to succeed in this environment. And with the further strengthening of our balance sheet, we will be in a great position to seize opportunities during this challenging market and greatly benefit to when it turns around. I look forward to the next phase of NRG. Thank you. And operator, let’s open the lines now for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. You may begin.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning, guys, a few questions. I’ll start with the detailed one. So, I just want to be clear on page 10, when you talk about the $150 million of EBITDA by year-end ‘17. Should we assume that that’s an aspiration to improve your run rate EBITDA by that amount?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Correct.
Greg Gordon: Or is that just accumulative impact on EBITDA of 150?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. Good morning, Greg. And no, the objective here is to make it a recurring $150 million cost reduction that will impact EBITDA directly.
Greg Gordon: Great, thanks. And on page 17, when you talk about the CVSR and non-recourse fainting below the lines; if those are not included in your available capital, so should you be successful in achieving those that would be accretive?
Kirk Andrews: That’s correct. Those would be incremental to capital available for allocation, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Okay. And that would be my big picture question, Mauricio. So sort of the first thing that happened after you took over the CEO role was we saw that in terms of a capital allocation decision as we saw that you cleared a new power plant in the New England auction, which was a little bit disconcerting to investors who are looking for a capital allocation program that was more focused on shrinking the balance sheet. Obviously that’s the core message that you’re giving us today. So, can you characterize, if you were to disbursement [ph] free up this incremental dropdown money on non-recourse financing, how do you think about each incremental dollar for capital allocation going forward and how do you characterize what you’re doing in New England in the context of the message you are giving us today?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Greg. And I understand that that was the first news. And the timing with the New England capacity auction is something that I don’t control. Let me just start by providing you kind of the general -- my general take on capital allocation and then I’ll go into the specifics of Canal. As you can see from all the actions that we’re taking today, one of my key priorities, the first 90 days of being the CEO, was to focus on capital allocation, first being mindful and aware of the current commodity cycle that we are today and then second the dislocation that we have in our capital markets. It was important to me to afford us the maximum flexibility when deploying capital and to exert absolute financial discipline. I already talked about the actions that we’re taking, one on deleveraging and strengthening our balance sheet, and ensuring that we go through this cycle with the strong position to capitalize on opportunities, but importantly that we’re ready when the market turns around; two, the recalibration of the dividend; and then three, is the focus on cost savings and streamlining the cost structure on the organization. So, when I think about to Canal, it is not a capital allocation decision for 2016, it’s a capital allocation decision that we will make in 2018 and at that point, we will evaluate the current environment. And on that perspective then, we’ll make the determination what is the best use of our capital. But I want to make sure that we continue to generating low cost options at good returns, given the opportunity that we have to lock for seven years a very constructive capacity prices. And as I told you in the prepared remarks, in our focus in the Northeast and particularly in New England is focus on capacity revenues. And now is a dual fuel peaker that is needed in that market at good returns and it’s a capital allocation decision that we will make not today, where we are focusing all our attention on strengthening the balance sheet but in two years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. You may begin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning. Congratulations Mauricio and Kevin.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Julien. Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, perhaps first the follow-up on Greg’s last question on capital allocation. Can you elaborate on your latest thinking on the wholesale portfolio itself? Obviously it’s been under a good bit of strain, [ph] how do you think about reinvesting in your exiting asset portfolio and timing for rationalization, as you continue to see current -- before it manifest itself?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Julien. So first of all, I -- we are actually in the last year of what I consider a high water mark with respect to reinvesting in our portfolio. After acquiring GenOn and EME, we increased our portfolio significantly to close to 50,000 megawatts. We went through a process where we optimized that portfolio through fuel conversions and environmental retrofit. So, as you know, we have been executing that plan and this year is the last year of that. What I expect in the next couple of years is really to harvest on that investment. All the market dynamics that we were expecting when we made those investments are playing out, particularly around reliability and capacity for all three Northeast markets, whether it’s PJM for capacity performance New England and New York. We are moving forward that; we saw that during the polar vortex, we acted upon. And it’s playing out the way we thought it was going to play out. Now, with respect to other parts of the country, you know that I will expect absolute financial discipline when it comes to the profitability of our assets. If it’s not economically viable, we will shut them down, just like we have done in the past and just like we are doing today, in New York. If the market conditions don’t support our generation portfolio, we will take action on it. But we need to also take into consideration, not only the current state of the commodity cycle but also the prospective opportunities that we see.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then coming back to what you were just talking about, the expansion was done on the EME. How do you think auction that’s on here? I mean, obviously it’s a dynamic situation but you paid down some debt there and cash on hand. What you think about next step and the timing of that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. Look, I mean Julien, most of the -- bulk of the GenOn portfolios and PJM, we value significantly our strategic in the Northeast in particular in the PJM area. But what I’ll tell you is in the spirit of streamlining our organization that applies to streamlining our capital structure, I would like to see that. But, we will only do it if it is add value and not having a negative impact on our credit profile. And that’s the option that we are going to continue to maintain going forward. Kirk, do you have any additional comments?
Kirk Andrews: Sure. I mean first of all, I agree with that obviously, we have taken an important step obviously towards deleveraging, as you acknowledged, Julien. But as I have indicated in my past remarks, at various conferences and one-on-ones, that order of magnitude is certainly helpful and necessary but sufficient in order to bring about rightsizing that balance sheet. I’ll remind folks, certainly we have got some near-term maturity with GenOn, we are focused on that as part and parcel of why we went at the delevering that we did. And as you saw in GenOn -- in Mauricio’s remarks, rather we have continuation of our asset sale program, which as we have indicated previously going back to the reset as focused on the Northeast. So, we’d expect it’s likely, more likely that that would probably come out of the GenOn complex which would enhance liquidity. But as the year progresses, certainly I would believe 2016 as the key inflection point, given those loan maturities. And we are mindful of the options obviously, continuing to delever through the open market purchase, as we have done before. We are recognizing -- we recognize that we have got some secured debt capacity there that provides us some alternative as well. So, what I would tell you is that as the year unfolds, I would expect you to hear more from us in terms of what we plan on executing there. And we are hopeful in terms of addressing and rightsizing the capital structure but -- and by reiterating what Mauricio said, we are only going to do that being mindful of preserving the integrity of the NRG balance sheet and the process.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Jonathan Arnold: One quick one, Mauricio, I think when you talked about the dividend, you talked about a static dividend being inappropriate in the context of the reduction. But, could you just clarify what we should be expecting going forward from this lower level, is it just to stay here as a token to allow yield investors to own the stock, or do you look to grow it modestly over time?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, Jonathan, I mean first of all, the actions that we are taking on the dividend are -- I guess there are two main reasons. One, I think this level is consistent with the nature of power industry, capital intensive and cyclical. But certainly, when I look at the current dividend that we have and the underlying premises or principles that we used to implement it in 2012, a lot of them are not valid anymore. If you recall, when we announced the dividend back then, it was to highlight the value of contracted assets. Since then, we created NRG Yield; we already talk about -- one of the objectives was the yield support. And in this current market environment and with the level of volatility that we’re seeing in the stocks, it really doesn’t accomplish that objective. So, when I put the two together, one the nature of our industry and two, some of the principles that we had when we initiated, it’s just inconsistent. I think what you should expect is this number is the right number today and it afford us the maximum flexibility for capital deployment and capital allocation. And that is my assessment right now on the dividend.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, makes sense. And just another topic, you’ve obviously been streamlining management structures out of the cost reductions et cetera. Can you just maybe give us a little more insight into what some of the key changes have been; where you are in that process; are they largely behind now, just some of the operational changes that may have gone on?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean, I think with respect to the streamlining the organization, we started the end of last year. We went through significant efforts to reduce the cost structure. And over the past three months, I have continued with that effort on rationalizing and focusing the organization into our core strengths and as I articulated already in my remarks, focusing on what I think is the core value of energy, which is putting together generation and retail and the plus points around it. So, I am very comfortable today with the management team that I have. This is an area that I am going to continue evaluating in the weeks to come. And I think you should expect from me additional announcements, as I go to even further in line of our businesses, particularly as we go through the outcome of the GreenCo process.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Two questions, one capital structure related. Just curious, you’ve announced a lot of debt reduction at the NRG level for 2016. Curious what your thoughts are about the debt reduction targets at the GenOn level in 2016. The only reason I ask that is you highlight the NRG debt maturity coming in 2018, but obviously GenOn has some too, and that some of the growth for NRG, meaning the Canal expansion that just cleared or even the Mandalay repowering that has a contract, those are actually assets owned within the GenOn box. So just curious about kind of the balance between debt reduction at GenOn and some of those growth projects of assets that are at the GenOn box that are actually part of NRG, Inc.’ growth trajectory?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Michael. And let me just handle it to Kirk to answer the first part of the GenOn question, and I’ll take the next.
Kirk Andrews: Sure. Thanks Mauricio. Michael, first of all on the Cana, which as I said in addressing Julien’s question, we’ve obviously begun to make progress in terms of delevering that’s been our confidence in doing that, we’re mindful of balancing, maintaining adequate liquidity at GenOn with the need to obviously attack the capital structure at the same time, which is why the asset sale process obviously kick started that. We got a head start on it at the end of the year having announced a couple of asset sales and we’re moving forward obviously to close the second of those two and continuing to focus on completing the remaining 500 or the remainder of the 500 that we announced on the reset, which as I indicated Julien, given the fact that we’re very clear about the fact that we expect those still be in the Northeast, the expectation, the knock-on expectation certainly is that that would continue to be at the GenOn level. So, we use the proceeds of those asset sales to continue to deploy towards deleveraging. And as we move through year, we’re mindful of that 2017 maturity, which is why supplemented by those asset sales, as I indicated also to Julien’s question, we’re focused on the best means apprehensively to use the options that are disposable, not only asset sales, but obviously we’ve got some secured debt capacity there that we’re remindful of. So, all I can tell you as we progress through the year, we’re going to focus on those alternatives and the best means possible, as I said though, always being mindful of preserving the integrity of the balance sheet of NRG given the non-recourse nature of the GenOn subsidiary, which will continue to be the case.
Michael Lapides: Got it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Michael, with respect to your second part of the question, what I will say is that we’re going to continue developing options to grow the portfolio. When we have long-term contracts, we’re going to do it in close partnership with NRG Yield to continue replenishing capital; when it doesn’t have the profile to be able to be dropdown, that’s not a capital decision -- capital allocation decision that we need to make today. And we’re going to evaluate it when we have to actually deploy that capital. But I think it is important to continue to generate these projects in the context of growing our portfolio at good economics.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And one follow on Texas related, just curious our view is that coal plants in Texas are struggling to have cash break even right now. And even more importantly nuclear plants are generating limited cash flow, maybe positive but limited. At what point do you start considering coal retirement at ERCOT?
Mauricio Gutierrez: That’s a great question, Michael. And so, let me give you my perspective on it. The current market in Taxes has been very disappointed, despite what I consider is still pretty strong fundamentals, strong demand and a pricing that doesn’t incentivize new build economics, even though we have seen something, what I can say that out of not economical engine. When I look at our portfolio, particularly Parish and Limestone for and STP, they are very large in scale; they are environmentally controlled; and I would say that they are probably one of the most cost advantage based load plants or coal and nuclear plants in the state. We have identified what we believe is the least competitive assets in the supply stack when it comes to coal. And we believe that if the market continues to be at these levels, it will not be possible to sustain the operation of some of these assets. So that’s why I think there is going to be a supply rationalization in the immediate term and we should see a recalibration of the market. I feel comfortable right now with the three of our base load plants. But I think we have a pretty good track record in terms of if and when these plants are not economic and the prospects of these plants are not positive, we will act upon. And we have done that in other regions and there is no reason why we’d do it in Texas. But right now still not the time and I think the supply stack will react before we get to that point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. You may begin.
Steve Fleishman: The $513 million of available capital at year-end that you are using in 2016, is that above kind of your normal cash levels? And if so, what cash do you have kind of available beyond that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: It is -- Steve -- and I’ll let Kirk give you specific details, but this is above the cash reserve that we have for both NRG and GenOn.
Kirk Andrews: Sure. And this was -- good morning, Steve. This is one of the reasons why -- I think in a couple of points in my prepared remarks I made specific reference to contextualize capital available for allocation, which we consider to be a cash surplus versus cash on the balance sheet. And so, when we calculate that, we start with the minimum cash balance that we reserve at the NRG level. So, we set aside $700 million for liquidity. Now that -- part of that liquidity is what we need for cash collateral proceeds for example. So, as we post cash collateral, we consider that a utilization of the minimum cash reserve. So, whatever we deduct at any given time, think it about as $700 million in minimum cash minus the amount of cash collateral we posted. Comprehensively, and this is outside of capital available for allocation, we focus on liquidity separately. So, liquidity is that $700 million of minimum cash at the NRG level plus the $2.5 billion corporate credit facility. That’s separate in a part from what we consider excess capital, which is with that $513 million that you refer to represents. Does that help?
Steve Fleishman: Yes, I think so. One other question, just on NRG Yield. Mauricio, as you thought about NRG yield, what is your view of kind of a long term strategy around it? And if it stays at a relatively depressed stock price, what are your options?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Steve. Well, I mean I’ll answer it from the NRG standpoint, and we are going to have the NRG Yield call in about 30 minutes. So, let me just say that the relationship between NRG and NRG Yield is there is a lot of synergies and it’s a symbiotic relationship. It’s of great importance for NRG. This is a way for us to access low cost of capital to replenish our capital, particularly on the development front in this type of commodity cycle. We need to have a good development platform for NRG Yield to have clear line of sight in terms of the growth and the potential dropdown that we have. That will benefit energy yield and a healthy NRG Yield is good for NRG in terms of our ability to stay competitive in developing new sites. So, that’s kind of my take on it. And I want to be very careful that I give you the answer from kind of the NRG perspective. And we can go into more detail when we go through the NRG Yield call.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more caller. Our last question is from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering. You may begin.
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning. I just had a follow-up question on the ERCOT coal power plant. Are there any opportunities to renegotiate the transport agreements or lower your PRB coal costs, so that those plants are more cost advantage at this point?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Neel. And I will discipline myself to pass the mic to Chris Moser, who is the Head of Commercial Operations. Although under my watch, COO, I renegotiated a number of rail contracts. They have been good partners in this downturn of -- this commodity cycle downturn. But Chris, what are your thoughts on that?
Chris Moser: No, I think that’s fair. I think we continue to work with our coal supply partners, both the mines -- the coal miners and the railroad company as well to make sure that we add to the plants competitiveness, to the extent that we can. They, as Mauricio just alluded to, have been good partners with us so far and we continue to look forward to working them with them in the future.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. And I recognize that you may have a lot more questions. We will get to them, and Kevin and the IR team will be available for any follow-ups. But unfortunately, we have a hard stop; we have to get NRG Yield call ongoing. So, thank you. And I look forward to continue this conversation. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad S. Plotkin - Vice President-Investor Relations David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer, Director & Executive VP Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP Christopher S. Moser - Senior Vice President-Commercial Operations Elizabeth Killinger - SVP & President, NRG Retail, NRG Energy, Inc. Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar
Analysts: Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Incorporated Q3 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Chad Plotkin, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.
Chad S. Plotkin - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's third quarter 2015 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. Because this call will be limited to one hour, we ask that you limit yourself to only one question with one follow-up. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation as well as the risk factors contained in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will also refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And with that, I will turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Chad, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us on this, our third quarter call. Today joining me are Mauricio Gutierrez, the company's Chief Operating Officer, and Kirk Andrews, the company's Chief Financial Officer, and both of them will be participating in the presentation. We also have available to answer any specific questions you have in their areas Chris Moser, who runs the company's Commercial Operations business; Kelcy Pegler, who runs our Home Solar business; and Elizabeth Killinger, who runs the company's retail business. So with just over six weeks passed since we hosted the NRG Reset call, we're going to do our best to be brief so that we can provide you with ample time to ask the questions that you have. However, with the unabated selloff in our stock and across the entire sector during the quarter, I want to begin by acknowledging how difficult a time it has been for you, our shareholders. In truth, in this market environment, I don't know that I can predict what exactly will cause the stock to turn around and recover to some level that approximates fair value, but I can tell you that NRG's operational and financial performance has been strong and solidly within expectations, that our current liquidity is as strong it has ever been at over $4 billion, and that our Reset program has passed through the planning stage into implementation with every aspect of it well on track, albeit still in the early going. It is certainly our hope and expectation that's a gradual accomplishment of various aspects of the reset, the cost-cutting, the freeing up of committed capital through various measures, the allocation of capital particularly to the reduction of debt, all will provide a continuous impetus to the recovery of our share price. And after that preliminary comment, let's move on to discuss how our business has performed through the third quarter of 2015. Turning to slide three in the business update, I'm pleased to report today that we are narrowing our 2015 full year adjusted EBITDA guidance to $3.25 billion to $3.35 billion, solidly in the middle of the original guidance range. Our financial performance in the ever-important third quarter was just tremendous, and demonstrated once again the resilience of having a matched retail-wholesale platform. In a period of subdued wholesale power prices, our retail business, alongside our outstanding commercial operations team, excel. Indeed, our retail business delivered its best quarterly result since 2010, with $225 million in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter. Regarding our conventional wholesale business, which by the way turned in another strong operational quarter, probably the most noteworthy event during the quarter has been the extensive commentary in the financial community questioning the medium- to long-term prospects for power plant fleets like ours. My reaction to this point, based on the many commodity price cycles I have live through in this industry, is that you can't ignore the underlying reliability value of locationally advantaged assets in competitive markets. Our 48,000 megawatt fleet has a key competitive advantage in each of our three regional markets. First, in Texas, our generation portfolio's footprint closely matches and complements our thriving Texas retail business. Second, in the East, our portfolio has been shaped to focus on providing and being compensated for reliable capacity, as demonstrated by the enhanced value in earnings to NRG as a result of the recent capacity performance auction, and the importance of which has been underlined by the recent announcement of Entergy with respect to the closure of the FitzPatrick plant. And third in the West, our portfolio features a heavily contracted Fast-Start gas capability tailored to a market moving towards 50% renewables. In all three of our regional markets, the steady and stable operations of our generation remains critical, not only to the enterprise, but to the grid in general. Moving on to other signs of successful execution of our business plan, I'm pleased to announce today that just yesterday, we closed our most recent drop-downed NRG yield, which delivered $210 million in cash back to NRG, which as you know we will be utilizing as part of our efforts to strengthen the balance sheet as we discussed on our last call. I'm also pleased to report that, as we announced on September 22, we successfully executed on the $251 million share repurchase program, which in combination with all shares repurchased year-to-date brings the total shares acquired this year to 7% of our outstanding shares. And as we will discuss in more detail in a bit, we are now shifting our immediate capital allocation focus to debt reduction, as we indicated would be the case on our NRG Reset call, as a way not only to further strengthen our balance sheet but also to unlock shareholder value. Lastly, our Home Solar business remains well on track, as we outlined six weeks ago, driven by tremendous top line growth with over 6,300 net bookings in the quarter, and we believe one of the highest, if not the highest growth rate of the major players in the sector. This volume places us in a fight for third with Sunrun and not that far off from Vivint in the number two position. With respect to our installations for the quarter, which numbered 1,900, or now a total of approximately 80 megawatts, we are making progress in our concerted effort to reduce the backlog going into and through the early months of 2016. For those tracking Home Solar's negative EBITDA contribution projected for full-year 2015 continues to track within the negative $175 million disclosed on the second quarter call. So, let's move on to discuss progress on the NRG Reset and drivers behind our 2016 financial guidance, turning to slide 4. Let me start with components of the Reset which are fully within our control. We are well into the implementation phase of our companywide cost reduction program of $150 million across G&A, marketing and development expense. In addition, and Mauricio will provide more details on this, I'm also pleased to announce today that we have identified and are implementing an additional $100 million in O&M spending reductions across all of our businesses, all of which can be done in a manner that does not sacrifice the reliability of our portfolio. So when combined with the initial NRG Reset cost reduction plan, our cost reduction efforts now bring, on an annual basis, a total cost savings target of $250 million to be achieved in 2016 and recurring thereafter. On the asset rebalancing component of the program, we remain focused on and highly confident in our ability to unlock, in combination with the cost reduction program, over $1 billion in capital for allocation to reduce the balance sheet. The modifications of our plans at Portland and Avon Lake Unit 9 are complete, reducing or eliminating additional capital spend at those plants, and we are actively marketing select assets for disposition. Given the high level of interest in these assets expressed during our preliminary marketing phase over the past few weeks, we are moving forward at a pace and in a manner that we believe will lead to an optimization of value for NRG shareholders. You should expect in all likelihood a series of such transaction announcements over the weeks and months to come. Regarding the GreenCo business, the $125 million GreenCo runway around NRG Home Solar, the C&I business at NRG Renew, and eVgo is established, and ready to commence on January 1, 2016. As it relates to the process around the securing of a strategic or financial partner in GreenCo, through the initial phase of our efforts we are quite pleased with the interest we are seeing. We continue to be in the market discovery process and remain focused on selling a majority interest in GreenCo with the goal of financial deconsolidation and simplification at the parent company level. However, and not unlike our approach to asset dispositions on the conventional side, our approach with respect to GreenCo is value first and speed of execution second. The choice of partner in at GreenCo is an important one and we are focused on both optimizing current value and positioning the business, which NRG will continue to own a significant stake in for future success. We will provide you with more material updates as the process allows. So as we look at all the actions we are taking, and importantly marry this with the ongoing benefit of our integrated platform, we are introducing 2016 financial guidance of $3 billion to $3.2 billion in adjusted EBITDA and $1 billion to $1.2 billion in free cash flow before growth on a consolidated basis. As an additional item and something Kirk will provide more detail around, in response to many of the questions we are receiving from investors pertaining to the complexity of our capital structure, for the first time we are now providing our expectation for free cash flow before growth at the NRG level. What this represents is the free cash flow generation excluding non-recourse subsidiaries such as GenOn, NRG Yield, and the primary NRG ROFO assets. Our hope is that providing this to you, we will eliminate at least part of the concern about the geography of our cash flows. Now turning to slide five, I would like to touch upon capital allocation. We have repeatedly stated over the past few months that our focus over the coming year is on shrinking the balance sheet, so for the avoidance of doubt, let me put our thinking in this regard into some historical context. For many years now, indeed for almost my entire time as CEO of NRG, our focus has been to establish a diversified business platform that reduces our company's exposure to near-term fluctuations in natural gas and power prices, amongst other potentially concentrated risks. Specifically, our goal always has been to minimize commodity price impact on free cash flow, while maintaining the upside that occurs when the commodity markets move in a positive direction. Our key tool in this regard, in addition to hedging, has been asset and business diversification. Our diversification commenced in earnest when we entered the retail business six years ago through the acquisition of Reliant, followed with our strong move into contracted generation targeted around renewables, our redevelopment efforts that are locationally advantaged Brownfield sites, and most recently our asset management program aimed at maximizing our economic advantage in capacity markets like PJM. This quarter's performance, especially with our outstanding retail performance, and next year's guidance, coming as they do at a time of historically low natural gas prices, speaks to the effectiveness of our business diversification as a financial buffer. But of course, this diversification becomes a moot point if market concerns around the balance sheet persist. It is our strongly held belief that NRG's equity investors will benefit from an absolute reduction in our debt, most notably at the NRG level, but also across our entire capital structure. As Kirk will outline, that is the focus of our capital allocation program now. At this slide five describes, as a result of our recent efforts, we aim to free up roughly $1.6 billion in total over the next 14 months to apply to balance sheet shrinking, and particularly to debt reduction. Further, as we look out beyond the next 14 months, our efforts around reducing maintenance CapEx and the material completion of our capital expenditure program will provide further capital allocation flexibility. Our overriding goal that animates this entire effort is to put to rest the question of whether NRG is carrying an excessive level of debt, so that all of us can be on the same plane where we can focus on the cash generative power of the NRG businesses and how that cash can be put to its best use for the benefits of NRG shareholders. And with that, I will turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer, Director & Executive VP: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Our integrated platform continued to perform extremely well during the third quarter. Our wholesale business mitigated the impact of lower power prices through active hedging and good commercial execution, while our retail business benefited from lower supply costs, highlighting once again the strength of our wholesale-retail platform. During the quarter, we continued to take steps on repositioning our portfolio to optimize and improve economics and returns. First, our asset optimization effort in the Northeast, which focuses on capacity revenues, was validated by the recent PJM capacity performance auction resource (15:07). Second, we continue to reduce spend across the fleet, which I will discuss in more detail in a later slide. And finally, we have taken the necessary steps to hedge our portfolio in the short term to protect from further downside. All of these efforts are in addition to the business diversification strategy that David already mentioned in his remarks. So let's start with a review of our operational performance on slide seven. We have another quarter of top-quartile safety performance, with 147 out of 168 facilities that finished the quarter without a single recordable injury. We're mindful that our portfolio is going through some changes and we need to stay vigilant and redouble our efforts to ensure that safety is and remains always first. Our total generation was up 5% for the quarter, driven primarily by higher generation in the Gulf and the West. The East was relatively unchanged, with slightly lower coal generation offset by higher gas runs. Our coal and nuclear plants improved their availability and reliability metrics. I want to congratulate STP, Parish, and Dunkirk for almost perfect runs this summer. Our gas units continue to be called on more frequently in the market, as you can see in the bottom right chart. We continue to maintain a remarkable 99% starting reliability on our gas (16:27). Turning to slide eight, our retail business continued its trend of exceptional performance, delivering $225 million of adjusted EBITDA, the highest third quarter since 2010 and $58 million more than last year. During the quarter, we captured value from lower cost to serve, effective margin management, and expansion of our product offering. We have also sustained our strong momentum in customer acquisition and retention that led to 5,000 customer account growth, despite the continued expiration of acquired Dominion customers' contracts in the East, where we continued to see better than expected retention levels. Excluding the Dominion acquisition, our customer growth was 26,000. As we have stated in the past six years, the ongoing success of our retail business continues to demonstrate the value of our integrated wholesale-retail platform, and most importantly provides NRG diversification in earnings through all phases of the commodity cycle. Turning to slide nine. Let me share a few comments on the gas market. We have experienced pretty mild weather this past year, a warm winter followed by a mild summer. This weather combination most likely will lead to a new record storage number in the coming weeks, at or near 4 TcF. Combined with the expectation of an El Niño weather forecast, and you've got a market with only bearish news and falling prices. It's worth noting that El Niño is typically associated with a warmer upper Midwest winter and a colder Gulf Coast one. As a diversified energy company with assets in both areas, we could do well in such a scenario. I want to remind everyone that we're very well hedged through 2016 and about 50% in 2017, giving us some nice runway to what we see as a more bullish future. Make no mistake, where we see plenty of upside if gas prices were to rise, but have protected significantly the downside through hedging and business diversification. Regardless of current sentiment, in our view, long term natural gas price fundamentals look strong. The first half of this decade was dominated by supply growth outstripping demand. We expect the second half to reverse that trend with demand growth outstripping supply. Natural gas production has been stagnant since late last year, in part because of lower rig counts and low prices. In the meantime we see growing LNG exports, increasing exports to Mexico, higher industrial production, and greater demand from the power sector. As an example, our fuel conversions of new gas flow from Joliet and Shawville alone will increase our summer peak day gas consumption by 0.5 BCF/day. The gas demand from new builds and conversions is real and is coming. Simply put, we are well positioned to weather the short-term low prices and remain open to benefit from bullish long-term fundamentals. Turning to slide 10, on our power market update, and starting with ERCOT. As we have discussed for several years now, market changes are needed to better reflect scarcity conditions like the ones we experienced this summer. During August, we saw our first real test of the operating reserve demand curve mechanism, and sadly, we watched it fail. Scarcity conditions were right for a few days, during which a new record peak was set. But aside from one $350 day head clear (19:56), the week was mostly disappointing. A combination of scarcity conditions and low prices caught both market participants' and the PUCT's attention. ORDC is expected to be a major topic of conversation at the open meeting tomorrow. Discussions are now underway to examine potential changes that can be made to the ORDC parameters to make it more effective in reflecting true scarcity on the system. We're supportive of that effort and will actively participate in the discussion. Otherwise fundamentals remain strong, with load growing by 2.7% on a weather-normalized basis so far this year, despite low oil prices. Combined with the risk of additional retirements, current forward prices look too low and present an upside to our low-cost and environmentally controlled coal portfolio. As for the Northeast, we have been repositioning our portfolio from providing base-load energy to providing reliability as a capacity resource. The recent results in PJM and New England, which we just covered in our recent call, validate our commercial strategy. In the past couple of weeks, we've heard news of additional nuclear retirements. It would seem that smaller nuclear plants are struggling to cover cost and may lead the way to further tightening in the market. Turning to our hedging disclosure on a slide 11, and as I mentioned earlier today, we're pretty well hedged for the next two years. As the chart in the upper left of the slide shows, we're very well hedged against our expected production for 2016 and almost 50% hedged for 2017. We are evaluating further entry points to increase our coal hedges, and are comfortable with current inventory levels as we head into the winter months. We like the remaining open position for the back half of 2017 and beyond, given our more constructive view of gas and power. Finally, on slide 12 I want to provide more details on our expanded cost reduction program across the company, and more specifically the $100 million reduction in O&M savings that David mentioned. As you likely have assumed, most of these will be executed on the wholesale business, where we continue our work on evaluating and prioritizing every actionable spend decision on an asset-by-asset basis. Key drivers of the overall reduction relate to the asset optimization efforts that we announced around Portland and Huntley respectively, changes in the way we're managing operational risks and further cost reductions on units that have lower capacity factors. Of course, we will not make any O&M reductions that jeopardize the safe and efficient operations of our fleet. In addition to the $100 million reduction just announced, we're introducing the fourth iteration of NRG's continuous business improvement program, called FORNRG. This program is driven by employee ideas and innovation to enhance each department's bottom line. The FOR stands for focus on return, and is rooted in ensuring all employees are empowered to find better, more cost-effective ways on doing our jobs. Our goal is to achieve $150 million of cumulative EBITDA over the next three years. Just as we have done in the past, we remain committed to our continuous improvement program that has yielded so many benefits for NRG and its shareholders. With that, I will turn it over to Kirk.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Thank you, Mauricio. And beginning with the financial summary on slide 14, NRG delivered a total of $1.145 billion in adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter, and over $2.7 billion for the nine months ended September 30. Our third quarter results were highlighted by $225 million in adjusted EBITDA from Home Retail, a 35% year-over-year increase, again highlighting the success of NRG's integrated business model as results improved largely due to favorable supply cost. Business and Renew combined for $722 million in EBITDA for the quarter, while NRG Yield contributed $198 million. Despite the subdued summer power prices, our strong Home Retail performance combined with effective wholesale hedging allows us to narrow our adjusted EBITDA guidance range to $3.25 billion to $3.35 billion, still in line with the midpoint of our original 2015 guidance. Looking to the business segment components of adjusted EBITDA guidance, the increase in guidance for NRG Yield reflects the full-year impact of the closing of the wind portfolio drop down as required under GAAP, with an equal reduction in Business and Renew guidance, which previously included the EBITDA associated with the equity stake now held by Yield. Based on the strong retail performance for the quarter, we are also increasing the retail component of 2015 EBITDA guidance, which offsets the modest reduction in expected 2015 wholesale results. Finally, we're also narrowing guidance for 2015 free cash flow to $1.125 billion to $1.225 billion. Turning to other highlights, and focusing first on our progress on NRG Yield drop downs, we're pleased to announce we've now closed the previously announced sale of a 75% interest in a portfolio of 12 wind projects to NRG Yield for $210 million in cash. The remaining 25% interest continues to be part of the drop down pipeline remaining under the expanded right of first offer agreement. NRG intends to complete the balance of the $100 million in commercial distributed solar projects and $150 million in residential solar leases under our existing partnerships with NRG Yield over the balance of 2015 and into early 2016. As we've indicated in previous quarters, NRG also intends to offer its remaining stake in CBSR to NRG Yield in late 2015, which makes up the balance of the $600 million in expected drop down offers to Yield during 2015, as originally announced on our first quarter earnings call. Turning to share repurchases, NRG completed the purchase of $251 million of its common stock during September and October of 2015, which when combined with our previously completed share repurchases and annualized dividend leads to a total of approximately $630 million in capital returned to NRG common stockholders in 2015, and a 7% reduction in common shares outstanding. Turning to 2016 guidance on slide 15, we're initiating 2016 guidance ranges with adjusted EBITDA of $3 billion and $3.2 billion, consisting of business and utility-scale renewable adjusted EBITDA of $1.545 billion to $1.67 billion, retail adjusted EBITDA of $650 million to $725 million, which is a $50 million increase over our initial 2015 retail guidance. And finally, NRG Yield adjusted EBITDA of $805 million, which includes the recently closed wind drop downs. Our free cash flow before growth guidance, which is net of maintenance and environmental capital, is expected to be a robust $1 billion to $1.2 billion. Our 2016 guidance excludes the impact of the GreenCo businesses as identified during our Reset call on September 18, for which NRG's total cash committed is limited to $125 million, which will be managed through an intercompany revolving credit facility as part of NRG 2016 capital allocation, which I will review in greater detail shortly. As David mentioned earlier, to further clarify the cash flow and capital available at the NRG level, we are also initiating guidance for the portion of our total free cash flow before growth guidance, which is available at the NRG level, which for 2016 we expect to be $750 million to $950 million. This range is based on deducting the portion of our total free cash flow guidance expected to be generated at NRG's non-guarantor subsidiaries, which consist primarily of GenOn, NRG Yield and the remaining ROFO assets. And then finally, adding back the expected cash distributions and dividends from these subsidiaries makes up the adjustment to arrive at NRG level free cash flow before growth. Turning to slide 16, and continuing the theme of clarifying and enhancing our disclosures, in light of increasing questions and focus from our investors on leverage levels at NRG, I have provided here a deconstructed view of the consolidated balance sheet, as well as the derivation of the NRG corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratio, which is the cornerstone of our targeted prudent balance sheet metrics. As you recall, we target this ratio at 4.25 times, which is consistent with our targeted BB credit metrics, recently reaffirmed by S&P. Based on the midpoint of our 2016 guidance and previously committed debt reduction from 2015, we are in line with that target. As shown on the left of the slide, although NRG's consolidated debt balance as of the quarter end is approximately $20 billion, over $11 billion of that debt resides at our excluded project subsidiaries, which consist primarily of NRG Yield and the remaining ROFO assets, most of the debt at which is fully amortized and consistent with the contract durations, with the remaining non-recourse debt residing at GenOn. This debt is non-recourse to NRG and is not counted in our corporate credit metrics, including the debt-to-EBITDA ratio prescribed by our credit facilities, which contain thresholds governing our ability to purchase shares and pay dividends. Only the remaining $8.8 billion of debt consisting of our senior unsecured notes and term loan facility is recourse to NRG and counts toward this ratio. On the right of the slide, after adjusting for the $500 million in 2015 capital already allocated to NRG-level debt reduction, which we expect to augment using 2016 capital, we anticipate corporate debt, or the numerator of the ratio, to be less than $8.3 billion in 2016. Turning to corporate EBITDA, or the denominator of the targeted ratio, we began with the midpoint of our 2016 adjusted EBITDA guidance. As only cash distributions from our excluded project subsidiaries count as EBITDA for ratio purposes, we next deduct the midpoint 2016 EBITDA from these subsidiaries, and then add back these cash distributions, which include our share of dividends from NRG Yield and distributions and payments from the remaining nonrecourse subsidiaries, primarily the remaining ROFO assets. The final adjustment is an add-back of non-cash components of corporate level expenses, which we're deducting in arriving at our EBITDA guidance. What results is $1.95 billion of corporate-level EBITDA, which basically represents EBITDA from assets and businesses from our recourse subsidiaries, plus the cash distributions and payments from nonrecourse subs. Based on the midpoint of our 2016 guidance, our expected corporate debt-to-EBITDA is no greater than 4.26 times, in line with our long-term target for this ratio and significantly below both our restricted payment and default ratios. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to augment our 2015 allocation of capital to debt reduction, with additional debt reduction using 2016 capital driving this ratio even lower and providing additional balance sheet strengthening as we move into 2017. We remain committed to shrinking the NRG balance sheet as part of the NRG Reset, and leaving no doubt as to the strength and integrity of NRG credit ratios as we move into 2016 and beyond. Turning to slide 17, having initiated 2016 guidance, I'd like to next review NRG-level capital available for allocation for 2016. We are focused here on capital allocation at the NRG level, which excludes NRG Yield excess cash as well as GenOn excess cash reserve for liquidity and the completion of our asset optimization project at GenOn. Moving from left to right, we have now allocated all remaining 2015 capital towards debt reduction, which we expect to execute over the balance of 2015 into 2016, totaling $500 million in discretionary debt reduction at NRG. This balance consists of $200 million, which is one-third of the targeted 2015 NRG Yield drop down proceeds, plus $300 million of remaining capital also announced as part of the NRG Reset in September, which we are now committing to debt reduction as well. Turning to 2016, incremental NRG level capital for allocation begins with the midpoint of our NRG-level free cash flow guidance of $850 million. Total 2016 committed capital at NRG is approximately $600 million, as shown in the red bar, and is comprised of the $125 million GreenCo runway revolver; growth investments of $250 million, primarily our PH Robinson peaker project, Carbon 360, and the eVgo California settlement; with the balance allocated to NRG-level corporate debt amortization and our common stock dividend. The remaining free cash flow balance of $250 million, combined with $500 million of 2015 capital remaining to be deployed towards debt reduction, leads to $750 million in capital available at the NRG level through 2016, which we expect to further supplement through the execution of the remainder of the NRG Reset initiatives. These initiatives include non-recourse project financing, through which we expect to fund approximately $250 million of environmental CapEx at Midwest generation, thereby increasing capital available to NRG. Having now completed the rating process and documentation for this financing, we are prepared to launch when market conditions are more favorable. Targeted asset sale proceeds from the NRG Reset totaling at least $500 million are expected to further augment excess capital for consolidated balance sheet reduction. Finally, and potentially supplemental to the $1.1 billion in Reset capital, any proceeds from the GreenCo sell down and future NRG yield drop downs, located currently by equity market recovery, which serve to further expand NRG level capital for allocation. By way of reference, in the upper right corner of the page I have provided a walk, beginning with the remaining 2016 excess NRG-level free cash flow through the other components of the NRG Reset, which combined now total $1.1 billion in consolidated 2016 capital to be deployed toward shrinking the balance sheet. Finally, turning to slide to 18, I'd like to briefly review and update our expectations for significant reductions in maintenance, environmental, and growth capital from 2016 to 2017. Our revised 2016 capital expenditures reflect reductions in growth CapEx, stemming primarily from the $100 million in reduced spend on fuel conversions at GenOn as well as GreenCo-related growth CapEx, which is now capped at $125 million based on the runway amount. Turning to 2017, due to incremental reductions in expected 2017 growth capital expenditures, including the elimination of distributed-generation solar and residential solar, we now expect a year-over-year reduction of over $550 million in consolidated CapEx in 2017 versus 2016, with approximately $350 million of this reduction occurring at the NRG level. These substantial year-over-year reductions in expected capital expenditures provide a significant cushion against continued softness in commodity prices and a potential uplift in available capital in 2017, which may be allocated to further balance sheet reductions, including debt reduction and return of shareholder capital. With that, I'll turn it back to David.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kirk. And if we turn to our closing slide, which is slide 20, we end by quantifying a point previously made, which is that NRG's financial results in 2016 are not nearly as exposed to fluctuating gas prices as the market seems to be suggesting. We have successfully mitigated the downward exposure of falling natural gas prices through our hedging program and through our asset diversification. In the ultra-low commodity price environment that currently grips our market, this strategy is what has enabled us today to guide to a healthy adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow level for 2016, and which, together with the substantially increased capital flexibility arising out of the steps listed on the right side of this page, should enable us to implement a substantial capital allocation program over the months ahead. Our goal in all this is to make NRG a simpler, less leveraged company over the duration of the Reset program. NRG is not just an IPP. As we have demonstrated on this call, NRG's unique advantage is that our balanced wholesale-retail business mitigates the financial impact of low energy commodity prices, which enables us to profitably serve our retail customers with a growing mix of products and services. This is essential during the current low commodity price cycle, when the value pendulum in the sector clearly has swung to serving the end-use energy customer. As I said, this wholesale-retail balance is NRG's unique advantage, and all of us at NRG are excited about the opportunities we have in front of us to maximize the value of this advantage for the benefit of NRG shareholders. And with that, Liz, we are happy to take people's questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the enhanced disclosure, it's extremely helpful, very well done. Just on, hit on the couple topics on, first on just coal supply, Just given the very low commodity environment we're in, very low gas and power prices, could you talk a little bit further to just what you're seeing in terms of potential ability, whether it'd be on transport or the commodity itself – what are the dynamics, in terms of being able to continue to improve your position in terms of your coal costs?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Stephen, you want to tell us the two questions, so – and then we'll answer them. So we're tipped off and we can prepare an answer to the second?
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sure thing. My other question is just on competitive dynamics in retail. And I was curious whether you're seeing overall any competitive dynamic changes in that business, and then more specifically whether you see a potential for some of your retail competitors to try to get into solar, as you've been doing?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Into solar, not into -- not IPPs getting into retail, but you're interested in ...
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: In retailer to solar.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's right.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, let me start by answering the last part of that question, and then Chris Moser's going to answer your coal question, and Elizabeth, as soon as Chris finishes, you answer the question about competitive dynamics in retail. But I would say, Stephen, given the market's reception to us getting into distributor – so I don't think that's going to encourage other IPPs to get into that area. But, so – but in terms of the other IPPs getting into retail, which is something that I've sort of been expecting for a long time, maybe Elizabeth can talk about that in terms of the context of competitive dynamics. But – but Chris, why don't you start with talking about the coal dynamics, and Elizabeth, you take over from Chris.
Christopher S. Moser - Senior Vice President-Commercial Operations: Sure. I would characterize it like this, Stephen. I think we're working with our whole coal supply chain and the partners in it to make sure we've got reliable and competitively priced fuel. There's really two pieces to that. There's the rail piece and then the commodity piece. I mean on the commodity side, if you've been watching over the past couple of weeks, we've seen a pretty decent jog down in the prices, specifically PRB, but NAZ (40:36) as well, and so that will obviously help us next year. And then on the transportation side, without getting into too much specifics, I would say that our transportation partners have been good partners with us and want to make sure that the coal continues to flow. So, I think that's how I would answer that.
Elizabeth Killinger - SVP & President, NRG Retail, NRG Energy, Inc.: And Stephen, regarding the competitive dynamics in the retail business, I think we continue to see intense competitive markets with – we're 50 players in Texas, and it varies by market in the East, but anywhere from kind of 15 to 30-something competitors. So, lots of competitive activity. We are seeing competitors extend their product offerings to include more products than simply retail electricity, and that takes the form of energy management solutions, natural gas, some home-control type features; as you noticed, home solar, and otherwise. So, we expect that to continue, which is why we continue to lead the market in evaluating what consumers want, and making sure we're delivering the best of it to them.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much – sorry, David.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Steve, I just, I guess my reaction on your people going into solar, response a little flippant about IPPs; what I think – and look, no one can predict the future, but I think the period ahead in home solar is going to be focused on consolidation around what I think is going to emerge as the four main players, the Solar Cities, the Vivints, the Sunruns, and ourselves. I don't expect another IPP to come into that space anytime soon, but I would actually be surprised, since – and, I'm – I subscribe to the view that home solar is a mortal threat to the utility business model. I would be surprised if, within the next 18 to 24 months, some big utility doesn't try and buy their way into this space, but that's just my speculation.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, good morning, guys. Just on that update to the balance sheet, what target metrics do you guys want to get to at the corporate NRG balance sheet perspective, and of the $1.6 billion that you are expecting between now and the end of the next year for debt reduction? Is that all NRG-specific debt, or is that going to include some GenOn and some other pieces in that number?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Sure, Dan. It's Kirk. I'll take that in reverse order. The $1.6 billion is really a consolidated look at uplift in capital for allocation. As you know, in particular, $500 million of that is what is part of the NRG Reset in asset sales, and depending on the mix of those asset sales – some of which we expect to be at the GenOn level, because we're focused on the Northeast – that, more than anything else, would govern the proportion of the allocation of capital toward debt reduction at GenOn versus NRG. As to the targeted metric, we continue to target, as I'd said, 4.25 times corporate debt to corporate EBITDA. We also focused on FFO to debt, keeping that number below the – at or below the high-teens level. And I'd say that the tertiary component of that is, we look to stay around 50% debt-to-capital, though that is a book ratio. Certainly something that we focused on, the rating agencies focused on, but I think it's probably certainly tertiary to those first two. And so – and part of the reason why we focused on that 4.25 is, as I said, it comports with what, based on our ongoing conversations with the rating agencies, support those BB credit metrics. It also gives us a significant cushion against the thresholds in our credit facility, above which we're no longer permitted to pay dividends or buy back stock. So we've got a significant cushion there, and obviously even further cushioned below the default ratio. So those are the reasons that go into those target metrics.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I guess just on capital allocation, can you remind us, with all the resets, what growth CapEx commitments you guys have beyond 2015? And then maybe along those capital allocation lines, how you think about, is there going to be room for buy-backs next year, or is this all going to be debt related?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Well, to answer the first part of that question, in terms of committed growth capital, as I think we've laid out, as we move into 2016, what we're seeing in terms of the growth capital on a consolidated basis is primarily the completion of the GenOn repowerings, as well as the – and beyond 2017, the beginning of the capital allocated to our Carlsbad and Mandalay projects, and the balance of that capital in 2016 and a little bit further into 2017 is just, A, the remainder of the Carbon 360 project, which has about $150 million of capital left to go in about equal parts between 2016 and 2017, and the eVgo California settlement, which in both 2016 and 2017 is at or about $20 million in each year. That is really the bulk; that is all of the remaining growth capital that we have or expect to allocate at this point. As to the allocation of capital toward the balance sheet and your comment about share repurchases, what I would say is, as I'd mentioned, we're continuing to focus on finding opportunities to return capital to shareholders. Certainly our dividend is something we're committed to, and certainly we look to supplement that with share repurchases, but at the present time we are going to focus in swinging the pendulum towards the debt side of the balance sheet. In particular to leave no doubt, and to ensure not only that ratio is improved in 2016, but we are confident in our ability to maintain that ratio through 2017. I think that more than anything else will determine our focus in the near term on debt reduction, and ultimately arriving at that ratio through that debt reduction will govern the proportion of our capital allocation which would later go to share repurchases.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Yeah. So if I'm looking at slide 17, just to be clear, thinking about the capital allocation beyond the $500 million, since the CapEx savings is coming at GenOn and a portion of the asset sales will probably be at GenOn, we should think about sort of $250 million, maybe plus or minus – plus whatever portion of the asset sales are non-GenOn, as being pointed at debt reduction at the parent, incremental to the $500 million in 2016, is that correct?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: I think the way you've categorized that, Greg, is right, although certainly we – as I've said, we're focused near-term in allocating that capital towards debt reduction. So I'd be hesitant to say prescriptively all of it, but for right now that's certainly where we are definitely focused. And the way you describe that in terms of the geography, yes, $100 million of that CapEx savings all resides at GenOn. The $250 million in the non-recourse financing we expect to be at the NRG level, offsetting what would otherwise be NRG capital allocation or CapEx towards the completion of that environmental spend at Midwest Gen. And then the asset sales, depending on the outcome, will be a blend in terms of proceeds between NRG and GenOn. So the way you summarized that is accurate, yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Right. And then the first – your primary focus is debt reduction. And when we get into 2017, you're looking at, presumably, if we could keep the EBITDA from bleeding too much, an incremental $350 million improvement in cash available for capital allocation at the parent?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Yes. That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Which is – and as I said, that does not include, at least in that calculation, any anticipated proceeds from the GreenCo process or further NRG Yield drop downs, which would obviously supplement that $350 million.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Got you. And then my follow-up question, when I look at the buildup on page 16, the GenOn EBITDA of $335 million, that's net of the shared services payments. So if I was looking at a simple EBITDA just on asset performance, you're projecting it to be about $530 million in 2016?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: That's right. You'd add back that roughly $200 million to get to that sort of asset-level performance as you said, correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks guys.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys, good morning. First quick easy question for you. I wanted to focus on the $100 million cost savings, just what that comprises of, and also more importantly, I see a FORNRG statement here of a cumulative 180. Just wanted to understand – or 150 through 2018. Can you comment how the two jive? What should we expect in 2017 and 2018 in terms of run-rate increments?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer, Director & Executive VP: Hey, good morning, Julien. So, I mean, the first one is the operating expenses. And I would – I mean, I listed some of the main drivers of that, but I will say the first gives you the impact of the decisions, the asset optimization decisions that we made at Portland, the suspension of Portland and the retirement of Huntley. The second one is, we've gone through a line-by-line review of every single asset, particularly those that are in more challenging market conditions, and we have right-sized the cost structure to comport with those market dynamics. And then the third one is, as we have a portfolio of close to 50,000 megawatts, allow us to optimize the management of forced outage risk, and what I call the contingency money that we know we're going to have to spend, we just don't know where. So if you have a single asset you have to budget for the forced outage, the probability of forced outage. But when you have 50,000 megawatts, then you can optimize across the entire portfolio. So that is the step one. Step two is the FORNRG portfolio, and this is a target. You're familiar with the FORNRG, because we show the fourth iteration of this. We are looking at, company-wide, how can we do the things are we're doing today, better in a more cost effective way. So think of this as contract renegotiations, rail renegotiations, property tax renegotiations. So, I mean it is the host of things that we can do, that is very difficult to pinpoint today, but we've been very effective and we've been very successful in achieving, in the past, these cost savings, which they will flow directly to the bottom line.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And that's all, in every part of the company.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer, Director & Executive VP: That is, everywhere in the company, including retail, just across the company.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. So perhaps just a quick follow up there. Some of your assets seem to generate negative cash flow in Texas. I'd be curious how that might fit into that puzzle? And then perhaps to boot with that, a more strategic question, coming back to perhaps the, what you alluded to earlier Dave, about yourselves being in those top four residential players, how is the strategic review proceeding? And perhaps, if you can answer one question, what is it that you need to "fix" your retail solar – your solar efforts more broadly? Is it an installation platform, or what are you kind of ending up in the strategic process thus far?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Do I...
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer, Director & Executive VP: I mean, I'll – Julien, I'll go first about your...
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'll probably go on the second part of the question. I forgot what the first was.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer, Director & Executive VP: I will take the first one, David. So, I think you are alluding to – I don't know what particular asset you are saying, but what I can tell you, Julien is I think we've demonstrated financial discipline when we have an asset that, number one, is in negative free cash flow; number two, the prospects of a recovery in that market are such that we cannot justify the continuing operation of that plant; and then number three, which I think is significantly important in Texas, is the prospect in terms of additional environmental CapEx to comply with upcoming rules. We will evaluate, and if needed retire, just like we did in Huntley. What I can tell you is that we're not in such conditions right now in Texas. I have said in the past that our coal portfolio is a low cost, environmentally controlled portfolio, and I would expect that coal plants that actually have a much dire forecast in terms of environmental CapEx, we'll have to make that decision before – so I'll just leave it at that, but make no mistake, I mean, we will continue with the financial discipline that we have shown over the years.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Good. And Julien, I shall break your part of the question that I'm going to answer into, itself into two parts. So it was, sort of how is the strategic process going with GreenCo, I think particularly as it applies with a focus on Home Solar. And then you say, what you need to do to fix the sort of issues within Home Solar? So – and Kelsey is on the phone, and Kelsey if you have anything to add after I finish, go ahead, particularly obviously on the second part of that question. So, on the strategic process, what I would tell you, Julien, is we've been through the sort of preliminary discussion stage, out there talking to multiple people who are interested, and I think specifically road-testing the idea that what we're looking to do is sell a majority stake to someone who is sort of strategically aligned with our thinking about the prospects for the business, but maintaining a substantial minority stake so that we can maintain the business connection with the rest of the company, and also have a second bite at the apple in terms of value realization. And it's early days yet, what I would tell you, I mean it's relatively easy for people to express interest before they have to write down a number on a piece of paper, but I would say in the early going, there is quite a lot of interest in it, and no problems with the structure we're proposing. So that's what I would tell you about where we are now on the strategic process. With respect to the issues in the Home Solar, what I would tell you is there are operational issues, basic blocking and tackling, that sort of come with running a business that has complex logistics and is growing at an annualized triple-digit rate. And so you get the sales engine revved up and then the installation and the deployment have to follow, and getting that exact balance right, as I think other players in the industry have demonstrated, is a constant work in progress. But I would say there's an enormous amount of attention on it, particularly the productivity of our installation crews right now I think is double what it was just a couple of months ago. And then there's the paper work from going from installation to deployment, which is – which is obviously, in terms of getting the right software and just making the process much more efficient. Kelcy, is there anything that you would want to add to that?
Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar: No, I think that's pretty good, David. I would just say we're working on the cohesiveness. We're satisfied with both our sales and installation increase in Q3. Most notably what was important to us was we were able to sell and install more systems without adding significant head count. In fact, we ended Q3, almost exactly flat from a head count perspective. So without adding cost. And Julien, I think what we've done is, we've really focused and we're determined to achieve that 90 day from signature to energization of the solar system. And we've identified with this theme of an excess backlog, which is any job that exceeds that 90-day timeline. And then the optimal backlog, which is all the jobs being executed within that timeline, and we believe we're poised to be executing all of our backlog and all of our bookings to energization in the first half of 2016 within 90 days. And so that's what I would tell you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Good morning.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just picking up on the question about the GreenCo process. I was curious, David, you made the statement in your prepared remarks – I think it was the prepared remarks – that you wouldn't be surprised to see utilities wanting to buy into this business. Are you suggesting that among the parties you're talking to, there may be some utilities? Can you just give us any color, or is that sort of more further out in time?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, no – well, I didn't say it in my prepared remarks, just for accuracy's sake. I would not say that that's the main body of – I mean, if you – I guess Jonathan, what I would say in simpler terms, if you divided the people that are interested – or if you categorized the people interested in GreenCo into financial partners and strategic partners, there are significantly more financial partners than there are potential strategic partners.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I mean, that's helpful. And then I guess, I mean like, when you announced the Reset, you were talking much more broadly about potential structures, majority, minority, and the like, and it now seems to be – you have enough visibility that you are pretty confident that you can do a majority deal. Is that what we should take away from the shift in the language?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think what you should take away is that, through the preliminary phase, we got a significant amount of encouragement on that, but I think what you should really take away is the point that was made in the prepared remarks, that first and foremost it's value that we're looking for so. So, again, it's – I'm just commenting, I mean, people have not put numbers down on a piece of paper. So there's a significant amount of flexibility that remains around the GreenCo process, and we won't – I don't want to give any sort of final answer until we see numbers on paper, and then we might modify accordingly, but definitely in the non-quantified stage, there is a lot of encouragement around that structure.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And you, can you just give us any sense of when, what do you think the likely timing for this to play out? I heard you say you prioritized value over speed.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I mean, I don't remember if we said it in our prepared remarks on September 17, but I think we did, which was that, we thought the whole process would be concluded within six months to nine months, and I continue to be highly confident in that timeframe. I mean, I know that some questions have happened, would be able to give people sort of more of an update by the end of the year. And I just can't make a call on that, because usually right when you're in the middle – I mean, we will clearly know more by the end of the year, but whether we share with you – usually you don't talk about things when you're in the middle of an active discussion. So I can't really help you, other than say, Jonathan, we're confident that it'll all be done within the original six month to nine month timeframe.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much, David.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Liz, I'm sorry, and I'm sorry for the people who want to continue to get in the queue, but we – since we have an NRG Yield call in a relatively few minutes, we're going to take one more question, and then for the others in the queue, again, I'm sorry, and please call in and we'll answer any questions that you have.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor Pickering. Your line is now open.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Could you just kind of give us the timeframe for the cost cuts? So it's the $100 million, is that for the full 2016 or is it a partial year? And then the remaining $150 million, when does is that fully kick in?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Neel, it's a good question. I'm glad you asked it, because I mean, I would say within the prioritization of time, within the, all the various initiatives that make up the Reset, our immediate focus, and something that's taken an enormous amount of time of management team and across the organization, has been cost-cutting. And that's precisely so that we could give you the answer I'm about to give you, which is we're – we're working so hard so quickly, because we want full year 2016 effect, both with respect to the G&A cost program, which internally goes under the name DOP, for doing our part, and then on the O&M cost saving portion. And Mauricio, do you have anything to add to that or...
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer, Director & Executive VP: No.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think so. Yes. Anyway, Neel, did you have any follow-up question, and then we'll call it a day, Liz.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Yeah, just had one quick question. So, with gas prices where they are, how are Parish and Limestone in Texas running now? Are you seeing some displacement from gas assets, or what do those capacity factors look like?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer, Director & Executive VP: Yeah, Neel. So, I mean I think the statistics that we're providing on the third quarter were pretty representative of the – how competitive those two assets are. I mean, we increased our generation in Texas for our baseload fleet, that includes nuclear and coal. As we go into the shorter months, we always see a reduction in capacity factors, but that's just normal seasonality. I can't tell you that we're seeing an increasing coal to gas switching that we haven't seen in previous months, so.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Neel, thank you for the question.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I just want to thank everyone for participating, and we'll keep you updated in the weeks and months to come. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you many now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Matt Orendorff - Managing Director-Investor Relations David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Christopher S. Moser - Senior Vice President-Commercial Operations Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar
Analysts: Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Matt Orendorff, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Matt Orendorff - Managing Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Latoya. Good morning, and welcome to NRG's second quarter 2015 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on the Investors Relations section of our website at www.nrg.com, under Presentations & Webcasts. Because this call will be limited to one hour, we ask that you limit yourself to only one question with one follow-up question. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Such statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation as well as the risk factors contained in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For the information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most recently comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. With that, I will now turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us an hour earlier than our usually 9:00 scheduled time. As always, joining me today are Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer and President of NRG Business. Both of them will be giving part of the presentation. Additionally, Chris Moser, the Head of Commercial Operations; Elizabeth Killinger, the Head of NRG Home Retail; and Kelcy Pegler Jr., the Head of NRG Home Solar are joining me here and will be available to answer your questions that pertain to their parts of our business. So, starting with the slide deck on slide 3, if you're following along with that, I'm pleased to announce today that NRG has continued the positive momentum started in the first quarter of the year by reporting second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $729 million, which gives us $1.569 billion of adjusted EBITDA through the first half of 2015, and keeps us on track to achieve a full year result comfortably within our $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion guidance range, notwithstanding the very challenging commodity price environment that we have been in for the entire year. As noted in our press release, this favorable financial result has been spearheaded by our retail franchise, led by Elizabeth Killinger and her retail management team, who have gone from strength to strength, not only preserving healthy retail margins, but also by retaining and acquiring customers at rates that have exceeded both our expectations and previous year's performance. Of course, this good financial news has been significantly tempered by the fact that, to date at least, our shareholders haven't benefited from our improvement in year-on-year financial performance, as our share price, like others in our industry, is significantly down since the beginning of the year and since our second quarter 2014 call 12 months ago. What this means, of course, taking the liberty of converting our adjusted EBITDA to free cash flow off page, is that we are now trading at a price that implies a mid-teen free cash flow yield, actually 16% for 2015. And the good news is that given the consistency of our base load hedging program and the strength of our core wholesale/retail combination, we are confident that were these share prices to persist, we would continue to be realizing mid-teen free cash flow yields, if not higher for the remainder of the decade. As we look ahead over the remainder of the year, we see more reasons for optimism and even bullishness. And those are listed on this page. We expect significantly more proceeds from NRG yield dropdowns, fueling more buybacks, more delevering and more reinvestment in contracted assets. There's the long awaited PJM auction, occurring in just a few days, that under the new rules, places a financial premium on dependability and should favor an operator like ours that operates a fleet, does so reliably and includes power generation facilities not dependent on an interruptible gas supply, like many others in the market. There is our home solar business, which is ramping up quickly, our daily bookings 90% higher at the end of the second quarter than at the first quarter. And we're achieving almost all that having barely begun to scratch the all-important California home solar market. And finally, there's the fuel conversions and other fleet repositioning projects that are proceeding at pace and remain on track to come on line over the balance of 2015 and calendar year 2016 with a significant dropoff in capital spend to follow and the commensurate increase in free cash flow yield. All in all, it's an optimistic picture for NRG that belies the market pessimism arising out of the low commodity-price environment currently gripping the entire NRG commodities complex. Kirk and Mauricio will talk more about these financial results and the stellar operating performance that underpins them. Plus, they will discuss what's to come in terms of dropdowns, PJM auctions, home solar bookings, and plant conversions. But before I turn it over to them, let me make just a couple more points. Turning to slide 4. Speaking today as we are one day after the president's announcement of his clean power plan, it seems clear to us that the one true path for an incumbent power provider like us is to build an edifice of new clean energy technologies, capabilities and assets on top of a rock-solid foundation of multi-fuel, multi-market across the (6:51) conventional generation. In doing all this, timing matters. We and the rest of the industry continue to bear the responsibility of keeping the lights on in the short to medium-term, which in turn depends for the foreseeable future on the sustained excellence we have demonstrated in the reliable operations and maintenance of our conventional fleet. But to prepare for the future as a 21st century energy company, there are three essential capabilities which we need to continue to strengthen and grow. First, there is retail. There simply is no substitute in the coming age of energy choice in personal energy alternatives to having a positive energy relationship with the end-use energy consumer. And the more end-use energy consumers we can have a relationship with, the better. Second, renewables. And by renewables I mean mainly solar as the future is going to be increasingly solar-powered and increasingly distributed. If you think about it, it's amazing how quickly we have gone from hearing how prohibitively expensive solar power is just a couple of years ago to how often we don't hear about how expensive it is now. And third, there's the yield vehicle, because even with the recent market glut of yield paper and the ensuing sell-off, NRG Yield still provides us with a competitive cost of capital to deploy for contracted assets that our immediate competitors cannot match. So while some of our competitors have taken steps in our direction, and certainly more will have to follow if they wish to be relevant deeper into the 21st century, at NRG we have been building these capabilities for six years now and are more equipped than anyone to not only address the changes in the industry but to make them our competitive advantage. We have had advances and we have had setbacks, but as we sit here in the middle of 2015, I feel confident that we are advancing on all fronts, gathering momentum as we go. And as we go, our principal focus remains to ensure that our shareholders realize the value of what we have been building and will continue to build in the months and years to come. Finally, on slide 5, I reiterate the principles articulated on our previous earnings call. Quantifying how we are thinking about capital allocation in connection with building a clean energy business on the foundation of a conventional generation platform, we are, as Kirk will talk about later, on track this year to adhere to the 70/20/10 guideline, which governs the balance of our capital reinvestment strategy, between reinvesting in our foundational strength of conventional generation assets and investing in the newer customer-facing, clean energy businesses that we have been building on top of our base. And so with that, I'll turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, David, and good morning. Following on the good start we had for the year, our integrated portfolio delivered another quarter of strong results, allowing us to reaffirm guidance for the full year. These highlight the strength of our diverse generation portfolio and complementary wholesale/retail model despite the fact that commodity prices remain close to half of what they were last year. The hedging program and risk-management activities executed by our commercial team protected the value of our wholesale business while our retail business outperformed expectations through good margin management and lower supply costs. This quarter is yet again another example of how our complementary business model performs well under adverse price and weather scenarios. During the quarter, we increased our hedge levels in 2016 and 2017, effectively protecting our earnings for the next two years. This is particularly important over the next 18 months as we progress through higher than average CapEx years while executing our asset-enhancement strategy, which I will cover in more detail in a minute. This strategy positions our portfolio to benefit from critical market developments like PJM's capacity performance, which will be implemented later this month. Moving on to our traditional operational metrics on slide 7. We had another quarter of top quartile safety performance with 151 out of 167 facilities without a single recordable injury. Conventional generation was down 6% versus the same period last year, driven primarily by an unusually active plant outage season and soft commodity prices. The soft prices significantly influenced the units dispatched throughout our fleet, resulting in an 18% decrease to base load generation relative to the same quarter last year. This was partially offset with a 52% increase in our gas and oil fleet output over the same period. On a regional basis, Texas generation was higher by 8% thanks to better performance by STP and our gas portfolio, while the East and South Central were lower due to some faulty gas switching and environmental retrofit outages. The operations team remained focused throughout the spring, completing 173 planned outages, including complex environmental compliance and repairing outages. Despite the reduction in generation and service hours, our base load units availability improved and performed when the market needs them. Slide 8 provides a more detailed update on the progress made on our development and asset optimization efforts. It's been an important six months. In the first quarter, we completed the environmental retrofit at Big Cajun, Parish and Limestone. This quarter, we completed the coal-to-gas conversion at Big Cajun II Unit 2, just in time for the important summer months, and the environmental retrofit at Waukegan 8, Sayreville and Gilbert. We also restored 388 megawatts of incremental capacity in the premium, lower Hudson Valley capacity zone in New York at very attractive economics. This was the direct result of the market providing the right price signal required to have not only reliable capacity but increased fuel certainty and fuel flexibility in a high-demand zone. Turning to slide 9, the second quarter was another strong quarter for NRG Home where we delivered the best second quarter results for the retail segment since NRG's purchase of Reliant retail in 2009. Total customer count was in line with expectations with a decline of 18,000 customers, driven by less than expected attrition from the lower-margin, northeast Dominion customers that we acquired last year. When excluding those contracts, the recurring customer count grew in Texas and the East by a total of 19,000 customers, demonstrating the continued strong momentum we achieved in attracting and retaining customers with innovative products and services. One of the reasons for our strong retail performance has been the subdued wholesale prices in ERCOT, our largest retail market. Very little has changed since the last update, as you can see on slide 10. Demand in ERCOT remains strong with close to 2.5% growth for the quarter despite lower oil prices, as you can see on the upper left chart. While we have tempered our expectations for the balance of the year, we have yet to see the impact of on-power demand. On the supply side, there are not many new projects beyond the ones announced on the back of potential capacity market and cost advantage brownfield development. As you can see on the lower left hand chart, both historical and forward spark spreads now expanding over seven years do not support the economics of even (14:38) brownfield projects. This will not only make future projects less likely but also puts existing plants at risk of mothball or shutdown. This supply rationalization prompted by economics and potential stricter environmental rules could tighten the fundamentals even more so and increase the probability of scarcity prices sooner rather than later. While our large, low-cost and environmentally controlled portfolio remains competitive and well-hedged for the next two years, we will not hesitate in making the right economic decision on behalf of our shareholders if the market continues to behave in such an erratic way. For now, all eyes are on next week with temperatures rising in Texas over 100 degrees for several consecutive days. Now moving to our hedging disclosures on slide 11, we continue our focus towards the next two years and have significantly increased our hedge levels to 84% in 2016 and 40% in 2017, effectively reducing our commodity risk and cash flow variation for the next two years. On the fuel side, we continue to see decreases in commodity cost, fuel surcharges and transportation cost. We continue to work closely with our coal supply chain partners to layer in additional hedges to balance our power sales. Our commercial team has done a great job in insulating us from the recent drop in gas and power prices and has contributed significantly to our retail outperformance by effectively managing supply cost. They are now focused on the remainder of the summer and getting ready for the upcoming PJM capacity performance auction. So a few words on the PJM auction on slide 12. As you all know, FERC approved the PJM capacity performance proposal in June. While we were disappointed by the delays in the transitional auction, the time line is now set for the base residual auction, with the transitional auctions likely to happen in early September. We have listed some of the main variables that participants will take into consideration during these auctions, which could provide some direction on price expectations. We have not been shy on our support for a stricter capacity market that ensures reliability. As with any competitive market, there will be winners and losers. A characteristic of our portfolio in terms of fuel certainty, reliability, and scale, which allows us to better manage the penalty risk of underperformance, puts us in a great position to significantly benefit from this necessary change in the market and recognizes the value that our portfolio brings to the system. So, to close, the prospects of improved capacity markets, a diverse and environmentally controlled portfolio, complemented by retail and opportunistic risk management activities, has the foundation for strong results during this low commodity cycle and sets us up for even stronger results in the medium to long run. With that, I will turn it over to Kirk.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning, everyone. Beginning with the financial summary on slide 14, NRG delivered a total of $729 million in adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter and over $1.5 billion through the first half of the year. Our second quarter results were highlighted by a record $204 million in adjusted EBITDA from Home Retail, a 30% year-over-year increase, yet again highlighting the success of the integrated business model as results improve due to favorable supply costs. Business and Renew combined for $338 million in EBITDA for the quarter, while NRG Yield, which was impacted by historically low wind speeds which continued through quarter-end, contributed $187 million. Despite the subdued summer power prices and a reduction in expected wind production over the balance of the year, thanks to strong Home Retail performance combined with effective wholesale hedging, we are again reaffirming our guidance ranges of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion in adjusted EBITDA and $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in free cash flow before growth for 2015. As the next step towards achieving our objective of $600 million in dropdown offers to NRG Yield during 2015, on July 24, we offered Yield the opportunity to acquire a 75% stake in a portfolio of 12 wind projects, consisting primarily of assets acquired as a part of the EME transaction. Subject to approval by NRG Yield's independent directors, we anticipate the 75% stake will close by the end of this quarter with the remaining 25% to be offered in 2016. We expect this transaction, combined with completed and ongoing dropdown to business-to-business distributed solar and residential solar to result in approximately $300 million in incremental proceeds from NRG Yield through September 30. Finally, during the quarter, NRG completed $107 million in additional share repurchases, which when combined with our quarterly dividend, amounts to $156 million in capital returned to shareholders during the quarter. We have $51 million in remaining share repurchase authorization, which we expect to be augmented by an additional $200 million in repurchase capacity or one-third of our targeted $600 million in dropdowns based on our previously announced capital allocation program for NRG Yield Proceeds. Turning to an update on 2015 NRG Capital Sources and Uses on slide 15, and moving from left to right, NRG expects approximately $3.8 billion in cash available to fund capital expenditures, debt repayment and return to shareholders during all of 2015. That cash basically consists of three components. First, excess cash at year-end 2014, which is net of minimum cash reserved for liquidity. Second, 2015 operating cash flow, which is basically the midpoint of our free cash flow guidance prior to deducting maintenance and environmental CapEx. And third, expected cash proceeds from NRG Yield, which we continue to expect to be approximately $600 million. 2015 capital expenditures, as shown in the second column, total approximately $1.7 billion, and include both maintenance and environmental CapEx, as well as growth investments as a part of capital allocation. As we reviewed last quarter, about 70% of these capital expenditures represents reinvestment in our core generation fleet. This includes approximately $800 million in maintenance and environmental CapEx to ensure reliability and environmental compliance across the fleet, while the remainder is allocated toward growth investments, primarily fuel conversions at GenOn to help ensure both ongoing eligibility for capacity payments and environmental compliance. About 20% of 2015 CapEx is being invested in long-term contracted projects, which we expect will ultimately be dropped down into yield. And finally, slightly less than 10% is allocated toward high growth investments like eVgo and our Carbon 360 project in Texas. The remaining $2.3 billion in 2015 capital funds the balance of capital allocation. Over $1.2 billion, or slightly more than half of this amount, is allocated equally towards debt reduction and return of capital to shareholders in 2015. This includes the expected impact from our capital allocation program relative to anticipated proceeds from yield. Over $600 million is expected to be returned to shareholders during 2015, and represents more than half of NRG's 2015 free cash flow before growth guidance. This consists of NRG's $200 million annual dividend, nearly $190 million of shares already repurchased with $51 million in remaining authorizations and up to $200 million in expected additional capacity related to the anticipated proceeds received from NRG Yield. We expect approximately $900 million of remaining excess capital. $500 million of this excess is at the GenOn level, which we expect will help fund the completion of our fuel conversion projects across that part of the fleet beyond 2015. The remaining capital at NRG will be available either for additional allocation in 2015 or to help support capital commitments in 2016 towards the NRG portion of the 70/20/10 capital mix. Turning to slide 16, I've provided an illustration to help underscore a point we first raised during our Investor Day and which has been an ongoing focus of discussions with many of you over the course of the year. In short, the expected decline in NRG's maintenance and environmental CapEx over the next few years as we complete the Midwest generation environmental projects provides a powerful cushion to help sustain the robust free cash flow which has long been a cornerstone of the NRG story. In order to highlight this point, we have assumed consensus adjusted EBITDA estimates beyond 2015 for illustrative purposes only, which when combined with interest payments remaining relatively constant and the expected substantial decline of over $400 million in annual maintenance and environmental CapEx by 2017, demonstrates NRG's ability to sustain robust free cash flow despite the near-term decline in EBITDA implied by these consensus estimates. Importantly, our free cash flow is prior to the expected ongoing receipt of drop-down proceeds from NRG Yield, which based on over $165 million in remaining right of first offer CAFD and an illustrative 8% yield, implies over $2 billion in proceeds from future drop-downs, serving to (24:37) significantly augment this compelling cash flow story. With that, I'll turn it back to David for Q&A.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kirk. And Latoya, I think we'll go directly to answering everyone's questions.
Operator: Thank you. And the first question is from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys. Just can you maybe help us understand, I guess, when we should expect the board to think about authorization of expansion of the share buyback program? And then that $400 million that Kirk laid out in his slide, how you guys are looking at using that capital? And when do you think you might come to terms with what to do with it this year?
Unknown Speaker: Kirk, do you want to...?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, as to the $400 million, the second half of your question, Dan, as I indicated, that is available for further allocation in 2015. We have, including the anticipated impact from the dropdowns of yield, over $250 million remaining repurchase capacity, which obviously gives us the ability to utilize that towards share repurchase over the balance of the year. As we continue to execute on those share repurchases, we would look at that remaining $400 million as additional capital allocation as we complete those share repurchases either towards additional growth CapEx or, if compelling, to augment our share repurchases subject to approval by the board. It's also, of course, available to fund the remaining growth capital, which, pursuant to our conversation in the first quarter, is still relatively robust in 2016 in similar amounts as the 2015 numbers across the 70/20/10 complex.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And I guess even if you look at – as you guys showed the mid-teens free cash flow yield on this year's numbers, how you rank out the return profile of other investments you're making, whether it be on the more green side of the business, the conventional side, versus the free cash flow yield being offered in the stock particularly as you look out over the forward years where that number seems to get bigger?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think our approach certainly through returns on any capital allocation towards growth investments is done on a risk-adjusted return basis. So when we look at contracted assets, which are obviously earmarked for yield, certainly they reflect the lower cost of capital as yield. But specifically and looking at more conventional traditional investments that comport with kind of the core generation portfolio, we do, and then our discussions with the board are informed by our current share price, which I've said in past conversations represents an opportunity cost. And so we look and proactively compare the risk-adjusted return on our own portfolio as represented by the opportunity to deploy capital towards repurchases, relative to the risk-adjusted return we see in similar investments on growth investments, and that's exactly the way we think about that comparison on an apples-to-apples basis on growth investments versus repurchasing or expanding repurchases of our own stock.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So the view is that the investments you're making are risk-adjusted as compelling as buying back share at the margin today?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to talk about Texas a bit. Mauricio, you had mentioned just given the very low prices that we're currently seeing that, over time, NRG wouldn't hesitate to make the right decisions for shareholders, but you also noted you've got an excellent hedge position. When you think about the pain caused by low prices, there are obviously others that have generation assets in the state. Many of those assets are not in full environmental compliance. When you think about sort of the pain and how that may shake out, how do you think about your portfolio relative to the competition in the state? And sort of over time, would it be likely that others would effectively feel that pain first and there'd be some more rationalization or how should we think about that?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey. Good morning, Stephen. I think as I said on my remarks, and I will re-characterize it again. Our portfolio – the scale of our portfolio, the size of our plants, they are environmentally controlled, and they're in the low cost of the stack. We think that we are very – pretty well-positioned to weather this low commodity price scenario, and we expect to see other portfolios succumb to these very low prices. Just look at the second quarter as an example. I think you would agree with me that prices were significantly low with gas tinkering around $2.50 per MMbtu. I mean, our generation was higher in Texas quarter-over-quarter from last year to this year. And if you dig deeper, our coal generation was just slightly lower; I would say less than 5%. So we really didn't see a lot of coal to gas switching in our coal suite. On the other hand, our gas and oil units increased by over 60% in Texas, so that tells you the strength of our portfolio and the cost-competitive advantage that we have. So I guess my point is: look no further to Q2 to just give you a glimpse on how competitive our portfolio is vis-à-vis other portfolios and, yes, while the hedges gives us a runway for two years and protects the financial outlook of our portfolio, keep in mind that we dispatch our units against market prices, not necessarily against whatever hedges we put in place.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great color. Thank you. And then, just shifting over to solar. I wanted to talk about the cash drag from growth in solar. You're making a big push into California. Should we think about the cash drag as subsiding in 2016 as you start to get in – get larger scale and some of those costs start to fade (31:18) in your scale increases? How should we think about that cash drag?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Stephen, well, first of all, you obviously correctly identify, I think, where that extra cost is is that as we look at our options to create a stronger positioning in the California market, which, as you well know is more than 50% of the total Home Solar market in the United States, you could acquire your way in, in which case, based on recent market comparables, you would have to pay an enormous premium, or we chose a different approach, which as you said is to go for a bit of a marketing and surge in. Certainly, as we sit here today, we don't have reason to believe that that's a recurring cost that we'll have to duplicate every year, but we'll see how it goes. But it was more planned as a one-off just to get the ball rolling to get the momentum. Kirk, did you want to add to that?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The only thing I'd add is, given what we have in place currently with Yield, which we intend to continue and ramp up the pace of as our pace of installations begins to grow. But proceeds, and more importantly, the comparative proceeds from the combination of NRG Yield and tax equity relative to the capital cost to put those leases in place – as I laid out, that first 13,000 leases results in approximately $100 million of proceeds from those two sources in excess of that capital – building that volume of installation in an order of magnitude so that the aggregate premium proceeds, if you will, meet and then ultimately exceed that overhead cost. And our expectation is that will be the way that that offset or the positive cash flow ultimately comes to pass at NRG, especially as we move into 2016 and our volume and the installations move commensurately higher to offset and exceed that fixed overhead, including marketing and G&A.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: One ticky-tack question. The free cash flow before growth number hasn't changed despite the surge in spending in California because there's a reduction in what you're – in one of the other line items which was – and so, can you explain what that is, that offset? I'm looking for it in the slides here. Bear with me a second. It was with distribution to non-controlling interests. Sorry.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. There is a slight change in distributions to non-controlling. It's just some of that has to do with timing. Some of it has to do with one of the tax equity facilities that we inherited as a part of the EME transaction. But overall, in 2015, in particular relative to, let's say, 2014, the benefits we get from the reduction in net working capital, in particular as you'll recall, we built greater inventories specifically on the oil side, as well as on the coal side moving into 2015. As we move throughout the year, we benefit from the fact that we have less investments in working capital and, in fact, a reduction in working capital, and that helps to serve to offset some of that increase in Home Solar cash flow.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And, David, I just wanted to ask you a bigger picture question. It's on a lot of people's minds given the significant decline in the share price. I personally think that there's dis-synergies for doing some sort of aggressive corporate separation to reposition the company to be more attractive to investors who want a pure-play green-co versus, let's say a pure-play brown-co? I think the sum of the parts are greater than their whole. So I agree with your perspective on it, but how long do you wait before you sort of say, look, the market is not realizing the value and even though there are just synergies to creating pure play, that's the way we need to go?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Greg, I mean, you sort of hit the question on the head. The first thing I would say is: I agree with you that there is, while it may not be immediately apparent there, there is actually industrial logic to keeping the conventional side of our business to get the renewable side, together with the renewable side. And I tried to allude to that in my comments. The world of energy is trending green at a very decisive pace, but the one thing that trumps being green for everybody is making sure that the lights stay on, making sure that you have electricity. And the best companies that can do that, given the fundamental intermittency of renewable power, companies are doing both conventional and doing green. So the industrial logic to me favors the path that NRG is on. But we are a public company, and we suffer whether you call it the conglomerate discount or the constant refrain that we hear that we are more complex than some of the people that Wall Street can invest in. So we have to – value maximization for shareholders is what being a public company is about. So I can't put a precise date on it, Greg. What I would tell you is: it's a combination of when does it become clear that Wall Street has difficulty digesting the idea of a conventional company going green. But the second half of the equation is having a green company within NRG that not only can survive on its own feet as a public company but can win the battle field, can be as competitive as possible. So what we're about right now in 2015, and I think we're making great progress, is building – everything within our portfolio is strengthening every day. And when we get to that point, and I don't think we'll get to that point in 2015. And I would say probably in 2016 if we have, as you say, the sum of the parts where each of the parts or some combination of the parts is strong enough and if that's the path that is going to result in shareholder value maximization, then we'll take it at that time. So we're looking at it every day. Everything's on the table, but right now the instruction within the company that everyone here at this table will say is, the primary focus for everyone is building the strongest business that they possibly can in the area that they compete in.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you, David.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Hey, guys. One question, just trying to think through the hedging detail you provide in the back of the slide deck. You've basically increased the amount of hedges kind of pro rata but decreased significantly the hedged price. Is there a scenario where you would just say, you know what, I think the market's wrong; I'm willing to stay a lot more open than maybe I am currently. And kind of taking more of a directional view relative to continue hedging at what seemed like depressed pricing?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Michael, it's a good question and I can always count on you to try and ask another hedging question that you know Mauricio and Chris won't answer with any specificity. But nonetheless, here they go, not answering your question.
Christopher S. Moser - Senior Vice President-Commercial Operations: Yes. Sadly, actually, I had an answer to the question.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh, you have an answer.
Christopher S. Moser - Senior Vice President-Commercial Operations: Yeah. Not to throw a wrench into that; now I don't know – okay. So what you have to think of, Michael, is, first, yes, of course, we take an opportunistic view on the hedging and we will leave things open if we think it's not priced very well. But in direct answer to your question, some of the hedging that happened between Q1 and Q2, you have to remember – yeah, between Q1 and Q2, you have to remember that we have assets in a lot of different markets, and some of the markets are higher priced than others. So to the extent that we are hedging in areas which are not as highly priced, you're going to see the average hedge price come down.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: And Michael, just, I mean, keep in mind that the hedging decisions are not just based on a directional view on the commodities. It's also a combination of the free cash flow profile that we want to have and, honestly, the absolute level of CapEx. So in the next two years we're executing a significant amount of environmental retrofits and repositioning our portfolio to benefit from very positive market developments. We felt compelled to really have more visibility in these two years. But make no mistake, I mean, if – when you go out 2017 and beyond, we're very open and I think that basically tells you a little bit our point of view in terms of the future of commodity prices.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. One quick environmental CapEx question. We've seen one or two of your peers, when talking about long run environmental CapEx, they kind of have the Post-MATS skip in the 2017-2018 timeframe but then a little bit of a re-ramp due to coal ash and maybe one or two other items. Can you just give an update on where you stand position-wise for that?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, Michael. Look, when you look at the environmental regulations that we know now, MATS, CSAPR, we feel that the CapEx that we have provided to the Street is what we're going to require to be compliant. When you think about the other rules, and you talked specifically about ash, there's two things that I should remind you and investors. Number one is it was a very positive development to see EPA not to have ash as hazardous materials. And then, number two, that we at NRG don't necessarily have final disposal of wet ash in the company. I mean, it's hard to tell what would be the impact of the ash rule right now. From what I can see now, probably it will be in the tens of millions, not in the hundreds of millions, but that's going to depend on the testing and the monitoring systems that we're going to put in place or that we're going to go through in the next two years to three years before we need to put a compliance plan or a mediation plan by 2018. So I don't expect to see the same ramp-up of environmental CapEx that we've been through the last couple of years and that we're going through right now beyond 2017.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks, guys. Much appreciated.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So, first quick question, maybe to follow up on Greg a little bit. As you're thinking about the potential to break apart this business, what is the gating item? Is it really going to be a decision around how the Street perceives the company or is it more around reaching maturation in the business itself? So I suppose the key question here is, given the cash burn associated with NRG Home this year, how do you think about the spin of a company that has cash burn this year and prospectively ramps up? What's the ideal – how much – what's the ideal timing? How long do we need to wait?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the specific question about the cash burn, Kirk will add to that. But I mean, the other factors you mentioned, what are we waiting for or what's more important in terms of timing, the industrial logic or Wall Street receptivity or lack of receptivity to the company as it is currently structured. It's really hard to weigh those two since they are both important variables. I'd say there is actually a third variable, Julien, which is how receptive is the company to, let's call it, a green NRG based on what we see with other companies out there. Because, obviously, there are pure play solar companies out there which sometimes seem to be in great favor and other times it would be seen in less favor. So it's really those three factors that we have to weigh all at once. I mean, for now, I mean, from our perspective, the key is to get ourselves in a position where we have the option to do something like that in fairly short order and then see how it goes. In terms of the impact of the cash burn on the overall decision, Kirk, do you want to specifically address that?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, what I would say is, as I mentioned in response to Greg Gordon's question earlier, that is: we are focused on the same thing with the Home Solar business with NRG that we would believe any pure play investors should be focused on. And that's demonstrating the ability to monetize those leases at a compelling premium that meets and exceeds the amount of operating cash flow drag we have there. So we are focused on building those volumes and demonstrating the ability that that pace of installations is on a trajectory and a run rate that will allow us to demonstrate the ability to do exactly that, and that is have the proceeds from monetization exceed the operating cash flow so that the comprehensive cash flow story is a positive and growing one.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. And perhaps the follow-up, just to think about the investment, the $175 million in NRG Home, and both in terms of targets, how are you ramping as you think about the expansion in California? How does that jibe relative to what you discussed earlier this year at the Analyst Day? And then separately, related to that, to what extent is your NRG Home disclosures and prospective cash flows coming from these leases somewhat similar? And can we think about it in terms of guiding forward to peers in terms of the cash flow generated by these leases (46:23)?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, on the second component of that question, Julien, if I understand you correctly, partially because we believe given that NRG, as I went through on the final slide of my presentation, is all about free cash flow, that's part of the reason why we have focused on telling the story around Home Solar as a comprehensive positive cash flow story along the lines of what I just discussed. That is, the receipt of proceeds from monetization of leases exceeding the operating cash flows is what we're focused on, rather than necessarily focusing on the residual value on a per-watt basis. And so that is the reason why we've kind of talked about things in that fashion. And as we move closer, and I'll ultimately give guidance in 2016, you should expect to see us provide you at least a more comprehensive view as we ramp into higher volumes in 2016 as to how that plays out in that positive cash flow story. I'm not sure if that answered completely your question. I may ask you to repeat the first part of it because I'm not sure I exactly followed what you're asking in the first piece of it, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. I simply asked: how are you doing relative to the targets you laid out at the Analyst Day given the decision to move into California?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, what I would say, compared to where we were on Analyst Day, and, Kelcy, I don't know if you want to add to this, is as we disclosed on the last quarter call, I mean, when we were at Analyst Day, we gave sort of a target for the year. Since our business is an East Coast business that – which the strongest sales channel is door-to-door – we got off to a very slow start with the weather situation in the East. So I would say, in terms of achieving the total number of installations or bookings over the year that we talked about in the Analyst Day in January, it's probably too early to say whether we'll get fully where we wanted to get because it was a very ambitious goal. So to get there from where we are now is a long putt. But in terms of the rate of growth, our – by the end of second quarter on sort of a daily run rate, we were up 90% over the end of the first quarter. So we're sort of blowing and going in terms of our momentum. And that's really before hitting California. And so, California is upside to that. Kelcy, do you want to add to that?
Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar: No, I think what's been discussed here today is we are a growth business, positioned in this sophisticated corporation. And we're tasked with building the strongest and most sustainable Home Solar business with what's complete awareness for our position in the space with our pure play competitors. But really, we're resolved in building a long-term sustainable approach around some of the competitive advantages that we have and certainly the customer base that exists. I think the past year, what we've seen is the top tier has really come into focus. A year ago, if you said: who are the top tier players; there'd probably be double-digit companies that were vying to be included in that. Today, I think what you've seen is this top tier, which would be four or five companies, gain share, us included in that. And the rest of the space has moved backwards. So we're pleased with the success we have, which has mainly been built on our East Coast performance, and we're excited about a lot of the seeding and developments that we've done in half one, that we believe will deliver results. And that conviction is built on best months in business consecutively both June and July. So we have a lot to be optimistic about.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Just on the PJM auction and your conversions, do you still have flexibility to kind of adjust your conversion plan in the event the auction goes one way or the other, or are you kind of full bore no matter what?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The answer to that question, Steve, is the shortest answer I've ever given on a – is yes. We have flexibility. And you are right in assuming that the auction represents an important set of indicators for us. So, yes, you're right. The next month is important and decisions will be made based on what we see.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, just maybe, I apologize, one other question on the Home Solar. So just the actual individual contracts and leases that you're signing, just how is that – ignore the customer growth, et cetera. Just how are the pricing and returns relative to what you anticipated?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: From a returns perspective – it's Kirk. They are in line with our expectations. The dropdowns, for example, the best illustration is the dropdowns that we have achieved during the second quarter are consistent on those leases that we did drop down that were installed, with the overall guidance that we showed on aggregate proceeds relative to capital expenditures.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Okay. Thanks.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you, Steve.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: My main question was asked. But I'd like just to follow-up on Home Solar, right? On your slide you say that what you are showing is where you've either installed or contracted to install. And one of your main competitors sort of called out the difference between installs and deployment and changed the basis of guidance this quarter. Can you just talk to what's the – how different would your number be if it was actual installs? And are you also seeing some challenges getting systems up and running when they're already on the roof, effectively?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Kelcy will certainly be answering the second part of that question. But I mean – and he probably will answer the first part of the question, too. But I mean it's a good question that we talk about here often because as you can imagine, when you're increasing your pace of sales, 90% by quarter-on-quarter, the difference between – and it's roughly – what, Kelcy, still somewhere between 70 and 100 days to full installation from booking. The number between bookings and installations is dramatically different by quarter. So do you want to start with the second half of this question and move backwards?
Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar: Yeah. What I can say is this also would be a California-centric topic. What you see in California is more market maturity with permit authorities and interconnection utilities. What you see on the East Coast beyond seasonality is some longer time lines. I think we fare well competitively as it refers to time, but we're committed to time cycle reduction. We used to – a year ago, I think you could say it would be at least 90 days. I think today you see a path to around 75 days is where we're living on timed install from signature to energization. And as California becomes a more material portion of our business and as we continue to focus on time cycle reductions, both those metrics will continue to improve.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And just one thing to add to that, and, Kelcy, correct me if I'm wrong, but if you think about how long it takes to get solar energized on your roof from the time you order, there's almost no consumer decision in America that takes longer to create consumer gratification. So it's something that we are very focused on, and in fairness to the other people in our industry, they're very focused on it as well. But the single biggest delay within that period is beyond the control of the solar installer. It's the time that the utility takes to interconnect. And there's been some recent study of that in the press that indicates at least one East Coast utility that's the worst at getting systems energized. And so the more that a light is shined on the fact that that has a potential to hurt customer satisfaction, then I think that's important. I draw the analogy: it's like when you ask for the check at the restaurant and you're anxious to get home and they take half an hour to give you the opportunity to pay for your meal, it's very frustrating to the customer. So that's probably the main thing within the time cycle that we'd like to see shortened. And right now, it's beyond our control.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just the pace of these kind of energized graphics sort of looks similar though. I guess that's, in essence, my question. Or is the lag sort of dampening the growth?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You mean, is this a real inhibitor to sales that when you -
Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar: The graph would look similar. It would trail about a quarter right now, so if you were to look at energized systems graphically, it would show similar to booking.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sort of a 1,000 to 2,000 lag by the sound of it.
Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar: That's fair.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thank you. And Latoya, we're very close to the top of the hour. And so, I think we'll conclude the call here. Again, we appreciate everyone taking the time, starting an hour earlier, and we'll look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-08 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Orendorff - Managing Director-Investor Relations David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Elizabeth Killinger - SVP & President, NRG Retail, NRG Energy, Inc. Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar
Analysts: Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Brian J. Chin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Ryan Caylor - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Matthew Orendorff, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Orendorff - Managing Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Danielle. Good morning, and welcome to NRG Energy's first quarter 2015 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on the Investors Relations section of our website at www.nrg.com, under Presentations & Webcasts. Because this call will be limited to one hour, we ask that you limit yourself to only one question with one follow up question. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation, as well as the risk factors contained in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As always, joining me today and participating in the presentation are Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer and President of NRG Business. Additionally, and available for questions are Chris Moser, who heads our Commercial Operations; Elizabeth Killinger, who's the head of Home Retail; and Kelcy Pegler, Jr., who's the head of Home Solar. Somewhat unusually, we're actually communicating with you from multiple locations, so if we run into some technological issues, please bear with us. We've got a lot of great news to update you on today, and I realize we're starting slightly later than normal and during market hours, so we're going to get right into it and try and get through it as quickly as we can, give you all of the information you need. Starting on slide three of the presentation, the story of NRG's first quarter 2015 is quite simple: record financial performance, $840 million of adjusted EBITDA, breaking our previous record which was set just last year. This achievement is truly remarkable given that that previous high in 2014 had received a substantial boost from the polar vortex which occurred in January of that year. But what's even more remarkable is that we beat the existing record in the face of very, very soft wholesale pricing in our core markets. Average on-peak prices in PJM in the first quarter of 2015 were just 50% of what they were in the first quarter of 2014. In ERCOT, in the first quarter, the average on-peak prices were just 40% of what they were last year. In my mind and hopefully in yours, this is proof positive of the superiority of our integrated wholesale/retail business model. But of course, the right business model only gets you to the starting line. Our record first quarter performance is entirely attributable to the superb execution of our Plant Operations and Commercial Operations teams from the first day of the quarter to the last, so I wanted to publicly thank Mauricio, Chris Moser, Fran Sullivan and their respective teams for a quarter very well done. And I especially want to thank Elizabeth Killinger and her entire team at NRG Retail for simply hitting the ball out of the park with the stunning $166 million of adjusted EBITDA. Moving to slide four, I want to note a couple critical issues on the slide that Mauricio and Kirk will cover more completely in their sections of the presentation. We realize that we're talking in the midst of a persistently challenging commodity price environments and NRG's conventional businesses are for the most part exposed to commodity price curve-based valuation. For that reason, it has become common in the market over the past several years for analysts to evaluate businesses like ours on an open EBITDA basis. While I have no particular problem intellectually or otherwise with open EBITDA analysis, it obviously fails to take into account the value of a savvy hedging program well executed on a timely basis. And that is what we have at NRG and that's what we've demonstrated. For years, it's been the strategy of NRG to smooth out as much of the downward price curve volatility as we can through this active baseload hedging program. This quarter has been no exception. I'm very pleased with what our hedging team has accomplished, both with respect to the balance of 2015 and into 2016. As you all know, spot natural gas prices are indeed very low in particular, but we have seen this movie before back in 2012. We did okay then, and I'm confident we will do okay again now. And we'll navigate our way through this trough successfully thanks in significant part to the hedging program that Mauricio will shine some light on later. The other topic I address on this slide, which also will be touched upon by both Mauricio and Kirk, is cash flow and capital expenditures. NRG always has been a cash flow generative machine. And indeed from the beginning of the new NRG era in 2003, I told our investors that we always would manage NRG for cash, and that has not changed. It has, however, been obscured recently by the fact that we are right in the middle of a three-year spike in our CapEx, arising largely out of the GenOn and EME acquisitions, as we spend an unusually large amount on major maintenance, environmental remediation, fuel conversions, and repowerings of our expanded fleet. While we're not yet quite at the end of the tunnel with respect to this program, we are almost over the hump. Mauricio will show how the reinvestment program wraps up in 2016. And come 2017, NRG shareholders will experience the twin benefit, both of the EBITDA generated by those repowered and converted assets and also of the substantially greater free cash available for other allocations. Since we do expect to have substantially more capital to allocate, I think it's long past time that we, and particularly me, provide you with some simplified clarity as to how we think about capital allocation at NRG in the past and into the foreseeable future. So if you turn to slide five, you will see two simple ways to think about capital allocation at NRG, what we call the 70%/20%/10% principle and the one-third rule, or the thirds rule. First, with respect to 70%/20%/10%, since NRG embarked on its present strategic course four years to five years ago, namely to continue to consolidate and flourish in the conventional power sector while positioning ourselves as an early mover in clean energy, we settled on a rough rule-of-thumb for our capital expenditures: 70% reinvestment in the assets and businesses that generate the preponderance of our current cash flow, 20% invested as equity capital in contracted assets that constitute the best and most realizable growth opportunities for NRG in the post-merchant era, and 10% invested into more speculative, early mover projects and businesses that have the potential to meaningfully expand the universe of opportunities for our business. When describing the 70%/20%/10% rule internally, which is something we actually do a lot, it's not uncommon for us to draw the analogy to allocation of labor in agriculture. 70% of the time spent on harvesting, 20% of the time spent growing, and 10% planting seeds. While 70%/20%/10% is more a guideline for us than a hard and fast rule, it's a good metric and we believe it has served us and our shareholders well in terms of the current positioning of the company, and we plan to continue with it. We introduce it to you here to help you understand how we are thinking about reinvesting this cash-generative business over the next few years. On the bottom half of slide five, I turn to a more recent and high-quality phenomenon, what to do with the substantial amount of cash proceeds to be returned to NRG as a result of asset dropdowns to NRG Yield. This is a highly relevant issue, as we expect roughly $600 million of dropdowns to NRG Yield to be announced over the balance of 2015. The way we think about this is that the removal on an unconsolidated basis of NRG's contracted and non-commodity exposed cash-generative assets over time from NRG's balance sheet to NRG Yield's balance sheet requires us to think about the pro forma NRG balance sheet left supporting the merchant, i.e., commodity exposed side of our business. Without the contracted assets, it seems to us that the prudent thing to do is some right-sizing of that pro forma balance sheet, with such right-sizing involving both voluntary debt reduction and equity retirement. We also, of course, have to allocate some dropdown proceeds to restocking the pipeline of contracted assets for future dropdowns. As such, and Kirk will explain this further, we are announcing today a third, a third, a third rule associated with the receipt of future dropdown proceeds. On a final note, and to amplify something I said on this topic when we announced the $100 million Phase II of our share buyback program in March, was that we believe, given how much the company's businesses have evolved over the past several years, there remains a significant disconnect and distortion between the company's performance and prospects on one hand and the commodity price curve lens through which Wall Street views us and anticipates our future performance on the other hand. Witness, for example, the fact that we can be announcing here a record first quarter, projecting a full year result well in excess of $3 billion of adjusted EBITDA and clearly becoming a real player in the red-hot home solar space, and our stock is down some 50% since last summer, largely, I believe because we exist in a sub-$3 natural gas price environment. Surely there have been other contributing factors contributing to our abysmal share price performance, some of our own making, some of my own making, but this gas price environment looms largest notwithstanding its demonstrably reduced relevance to our near-term financial performance. With the $80 million we added to the buyback bucket today and the $200 million of dropdown proceeds connected from buybacks that we expect to recharge the buyback program as the year goes on, I want to reiterate that we fully intend to enter the market to snap up our stock when it can be had at the exceptional bargain and current price levels. With that, I'll turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We're off to a good start in 2015 with our integrated platform performing exceptionally well during the quarter. A combination of higher retail loads in Texas, opportunistic hedging, and solid operational performance allowed us to once again report record financial results for the quarter. But more importantly, reaffirm guidance for the year. Keep in mind these results were achieved despite the fact that wholesale power prices were 50% lower than last year, underscoring the importance of our integrated platform that performs under multiple price and weather scenarios. During the quarter, we also significantly increased our hedges in 2016, effectively protecting our earnings for the next two years, given our concerns on lower gas prices for this summer. In addition, our wholesale asset optimization and development program, which I will discuss in more detail in a few slides, remains largely on track. Moving to our wholesale operational metrics on slide seven, we had another quarter of top quartile safety performance with 147 out of 167 facilities without a single recordable injury. Total generation was down 12% for the quarter on a pro forma basis, driven primarily by lower generation in the East where power prices were 50% lower than last year. In the Gulf, generation was flat as nuclear and gas generation offset lower coal production. And in the West, generation was impacted by the retirement of our Coolwater plant. Reliability improved during the quarter, demonstrating our efforts to ensure that our units are available when it matters the most, during peak price periods. Over time, these metrics will become more relevant under the new capacity performance construct (13:59). The Operations team remains focused on executing our spring outage season with nearly 173 planned outages, a significant logistical task when you have more than 150 sites across your portfolio. Turning to Home operations on slide eight, I am pleased to report that our Retail business had another strong quarter delivering $166 million in adjusted EBITDA, exceeding last year's first quarter by $51 million. These results were driven by effective margin and risk management combined with colder than normal weather and lower supply costs. Margins were strong and consistent with last year's quarterly performance despite the addition of lower margin Dominion loads. One year later, we continue to achieve better than expected results from the Dominion acquisition on both customer counts and EBITDA. Our customer count is performing in line with plans, given the anticipated Dominion contract expirations which we expect to be complete by year-end. Additionally, we continued to make progress across our Home Solar segment. During the first quarter, our customer base increased to over 16,000 customers, an increase of 21% at the end of 2014. More importantly, however, during the month of April we entered into a new partnership with NRG Yield and executed on additional tax equity financings to help facilitate our growth through the end of the year. Kirk will discuss these in more detail. Moving on to our market update on slide nine, and starting with the Northeast of the most immediate opportunity for our generation portfolio. As you can see in the left-hand chart, we're seeing very robust forward energy prices in PJM as supply tightens due to stricter environmental regulations benefiting our entire 17-gigawatt portfolio. In the medium term, the opportunity turns from energy to capacity margins with implementation of capacity reforms in PJM and New England, which focuses on higher reliability during shortage conditions. This premium capacity product will most likely result in higher prices in exchange for higher penalties for non-performance. As a generator with a large and diverse portfolio with fuel onsite, we welcome these changes. Furthermore, our fuel conversion and compliance strategy enable us to capitalize on these opportunities. Turning to our costs, I want to highlight the value of our integrated platform as a key differentiator versus solid generators. Not only were we able to outperform during a period of very low commodity prices, but in a time of lower liquidity in the market, we have a natural hedge between our wholesale portfolio and our retail franchise. In the medium term, we believe our portfolio is well-positioned to benefit from a very fragile situation in Texas. Currently, there are two divergent views in the market. ERCOT recently released their latest CDR report where they see reserve margins expanding by 5% in 2018 and beyond and putting them well above target reserve margins. This outlook, from our perspective, is a best case scenario, requiring three assumptions to happen at the same time: low load growth, incremental new supply and zero retirements. We're skeptical about this. Over the past few years, loads grew at an average of 2% on a weather-normalized basis. We expect less than forecasted newbuilds as participants respond rationally to a very depressed forward market, and we expect greater than zero retirements given the challenging price environment and stricter environmental rules. When we do see a supply rationalization, our Texas fleet of surviving coal and gas units will be well-positioned to capture additional value. Moving to our hedging disclosures on slide 10, we have turned our focus to 2016 where we have increased significantly our hedge levels to roughly 75%, effectively reducing our commodity risk and cash flow variations for the next two years. This is particularly important as we progress to higher than average CapEx years for our wholesale portfolio. I want to take a moment and briefly explain the 2015 hedge levels of 109%. Remember that this percentage represents the amount of hedges sold against our currently expected generation, and I emphasize the word, expected. There will be times when the expected generation decreases due to market changes. And unless we immediately buyback our hedges, this will result in a hedge level above 100%. It is not that we over-hedged the portfolio but rather a timing issue on when we report results and when we buy some of our hedges back. On the fuel side, we have seen significant decreases in commodity, fuel surcharges, and transportation costs this year. We're working closely with our coal supply chain partners to layer in additional hedges to balance our power sales. Finally, on slide 11 is a summary of our asset optimization and development plan that I discussed with you on our last earnings call. I want to highlight three points that may not be fully appreciated. First, we're deploying this capital at very attractive returns. Attractive repowering (19:52) opportunities are good NRG Yield candidates where capital can be replenished at a premium, and the asset revitalization program in the East is done at very lower multiples compared to newbuild economics. Second, and as David mentioned in his remarks, this plan represents a significant commitment to our conventional business given the repowering opportunity that we see and the changes in capacity markets. And finally, as you can see in the bottom right-hand chart, this plan is front-loaded in 2015 and 2016. Beyond that, there is very little incremental environmental CapEx to comply with existing regulations. Of course, as we identify new opportunities or see new environmental regulations, the outlook can change, but for now, there is a significant decrease in committed capital beyond 2016 that translates into additional free cash flow for the company. As we turn our attention to the summer months, I want to reassure you that we are focused on executing on near-term market opportunities, repositioning our generation portfolio and leveraging our integrated platform. With that, I will turn it over to Kirk.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning, everyone. Turning to the financial summary on slide 13, for the first three months of 2015, adjusted EBITDA totaled $840 million, which is an increase of $23 million over the same period in 2014. NRG's record adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter of 2015 was achieved thanks to outstanding results from our wholesale and retail businesses and augmented by contributions from the assets acquired in the EME, Alta Wind, and Dominion transactions, which combined to more than offset the impact of the extreme weather in the first quarter of last year. For the first quarter, free cash flow before growth totaled $364 million. Supported by our substantial hedge position and the strong start to the year, we are once again reaffirming both EBITDA and free cash flow guidance with our expectations continuing to track to the upper quartile of those ranges. NRG also made substantial progress during the quarter on a number of fronts. Earlier this week, the public shareholders of NRG Yield approved a proposal to create two new share classes via a stock split, providing both ongoing capital replenishment for NRG and substantial funding capacity for Yield without the need for further NRG investment. With this important step now behind us, we are pleased to announce a new framework for the allocation of the portion of NRG's excess capital equivalent to future dropdown proceeds to be committed towards a balance of share repurchases, corporate debt reduction, and reinvestment in future NRG Yield-eligible projects. Going forward, we expect residential solar leases to represent a meaningful portion of future dropdowns, thanks to a newly established partnership with NRG Yield, which will permit our Home Solar business to benefit by accessing more competitive cost of capital while providing a new source of CAFD growth for Yield. And having meaningfully expanded our Home Solar tax equity runway with two new facilities, we have the two key pieces in place to realize value at NRG today in excess of the capital requirements of this fast-growing business. We have also established a similar new $100 million partnership with NRG Yield for future dropdowns of DG solar assets, which we expect to occur over the balance of 2015, providing further value realization at NRG and expanded growth for Yield. We will provide more details on this important partnership in the next quarter as we initiate our first DG solar dropdown. Finally, having completed $56 million of the $100 million second phase of our 2015 share buyback program, we are pleased to announce an increase of $81 million to this second phase; thereby, increasing remaining capacity to $125 million, providing us additional repurchasing power, which will be further augmented by future repurchases enabled by the NRG Yield dropdown one-third rule David mentioned earlier. Turning to slide 14, I'd like to provide a few highlights of the recently approved NRG Yield recapitalization, which provides significant benefits to both companies. The creation of the 1/100th vote Class C shares provides NRG Yield a substantial source of equity growth funding without reliance on NRG capital. These new C shares will be the primary source of future equity at NRG Yield, and the low vote structure gives Yield the ability to raise over $20 billion in new public equity without jeopardizing the strategic relationship with NRG. The two-for-one stock split at NRG Yield will be effective May 14 with no change in total dividends paid. As a result, we have now also expanded the pipeline of ROFO assets to include 900 megawatts, consisting primarily of the EME wind assets which we expect to offer NRG Yield later this quarter. The expanded pipeline now also includes up to $250 million in residential solar and DG portfolios and 800 megawatts of long-term contracted gas comprised of our Carlsbad and Mandalay projects in California expected to reach COD in 2017 and 2020. On slide 15 is a summary of the expected impact of our tax equity facilities and new NRG Yield partnership in realizing the key objective I first introduced at Investor Day in January: monetizing leases at value to NRG today. Partnering with Yield provides Home Solar access to competitively advantaged capital while enhancing NRG Yield's CAFD growth. We've already dropped down approximately 2,000 existing leases to NRG Yield for $26 million in proceeds and, in addition, the $150 million equity commitment from NRG Yield and the associated tax equity proceeds provide capacity to monetize approximately 13,000 additional leases at value in excess of our expected capital requirements, leading to $100 million in near-term value to be realized by NRG in 2015. This should also put us well along the path to realize total value which also exceeds G&A and marketing expenses for all of 2015 as we expect to seek future authorization to fund our ongoing leasing efforts over the balance of the year. NRG Yield will benefit from a targeted 7.5% CAFD yield over the lease term which equates to approximately $11 million in annual CAFD from its initial $150 million investment. Turning to slide 16, I'd like to provide some additional details on the 70%/20%/10% capital expenditure guideline David mentioned earlier. The chart shows capital expenditures by year, which include maintenance and environmental CapEx as well as the growth investments portion of capital allocation. These are categorized by conventional, which is primarily wholesale and retail; proven growth, our contracted assets; and high-growth opportunities. To provide some historical perspective, I've included 2013 and 2014. Turning to 2015, NRG has committed $1.7 billion in capital expenditures. Approximately 70% is a reinvestment in our conventional businesses which provide the bulk of NRG's cash-generative power and is largely comprised of our asset optimization projects, environmental capital which includes the Midwest Gen assets, and maintenance to ensure reliability across the fleet. We've committed 20% to Yield-eligible contracted assets, including residential solar and DG solar and approximately 10% to eVgo and our Carbon 360 projects. In 2016, we expect $1.6 billion in total CapEx, consistent with 70%/20%/10% as we complete our environmental and asset optimization programs and bring Carbon 360 to COD in early 2017. We expect to continue our Yield-eligible investment program in 2016, Yield on (28:27) our one-third rule which will then include spend on our California contracted gas plants. Beyond 2016, as I mentioned on Investor Day, having completed our environmental programs to bring the fleet to current compliance, we expect a significant reduction in currently committed capital of over $500 million which is also aided by the completion of the Carbon 360 project and the reduction in maintenance CapEx. This should provide significant capital allocation flexibility and help ensure the continued delivery of robust free cash flow. Turning to slide 17, NRG expects to offer assets to NRG Yield over the remainder of 2015 with anticipated equity proceeds totaling approximately $600 million. These dropdown proceeds are expected to be realized in two equal tranches to be offered in the second and fourth quarter of the year with the first consisting primarily of the EME wind assets, and the second anchored by the remaining stake in CVSR, currently held by NRG. We also expect to drop down residential solar and DG portfolios over the course of the year. In order to provide greater clarity, maintain our target ratios and continue to return capital to shareholders, we are announcing a new plan as a part of capital allocation based on future dropdown proceeds. We will allocate capital in an amount consistent with these proceeds in thirds towards share repurchases, corporate debt reduction, and investment in future Yield-eligible projects. The allocation to debt reduction is sized to offset the impact on corporate EBITDA from the portion of CAFD which will support dividends paid to NRG Yield's public shareholders, thereby allowing us to maintain our key credit metrics following each dropdown. Sizing our capital allocation to share repurchases should help further clarify the direct benefit of NRG Yield to our shareholders. These future buyback allocations are incremental, the expansion of Phase II of our buyback program we announced today. Recycling the remaining proceeds helps replenish the dropdown pipeline with greater capital efficiency. Turning to slide 18, by adding the expected proceeds from dropdown offerings over the remainder of 2015, NRG's gross capital available for allocation is just over $3 billion this year. Inclusive of the impact of the one-thirds plan and the expanded Phase II buyback program, we have committed $2.2 billion of this capital, nearly half of which is allocated to preserving balance sheet strength and returning capital to our shareholders. Committed growth of $960 million represents the growth component of the 70%/20%/10% capital expenditures guideline I reviewed earlier. Of the $860 million in excess capital then remaining in 2015, $500 million resides at the GenOn level, a portion of which will fund the completion of our operational improvement program there in 2016. NRG level excess capital is $360 million, which includes the portion of the one-thirds plan earmarked for future NRG Yield-eligible investment. And in summary on slide 19, in addition to our excellent quarterly performance, our enhanced capital allocation program, NRG Yield recap and new NRG Yield partnerships place NRG on firm footing to ensure continued balance sheet strength and expanded return of shareholder capital while harnessing the power of the NRG Yield cost of capital to benefit our growing Home Solar, DG, and contracted asset initiatives. With that, I'll turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thank you, Kirk, and thank you, Mauricio. And operator, I think I'll dispense with closing remarks so we can just take questions from people on the phone. So if you'd open the lines?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, and congratulations on multiple fronts.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to just talk about leveraging your Retail business in the pursuit of your clean energy growth. Can you just talk a little bit about lessons learned, and how is that actually working day-to-day in terms of being able to use that Retail platform?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Stephen, it's a great question, and I could go on about how excited I am about the prospects there, but since we have the two experts in the room, why doesn't Elizabeth give her impression first and then Kelcy?
Elizabeth Killinger - SVP & President, NRG Retail, NRG Energy, Inc.: Sure. Thank you, Stephen. So we really are making strong progress on cross-selling, and as you've heard from us before, we've been working on this together. And I'll give you two examples. The first is the example of selling our electricity customers an incremental product. And in Texas, we have seen great success there with about 22% of our customers buying more than one product from us. And we have moved out of our trial phase and really are gaining momentum in the East where we are selling our solar customers electricity products, and we are also generating solar leads within our electricity conversations and sharing them with Kelcy's business. And at the end of the day, those are just examples of our kind of our plus concept. So if a customer starts with us as an electricity customer, the plus there would be home solar or backup generation or some of our warranty products or other new products we offer. And on – if they start as a solar customer, we can add electricity or backup generation or, again, other products. So I'll toss it over to Kelcy for anything else he might add.
Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar: Yeah. I think Elizabeth covered it well. We're moving from the early days into some meaningful progress, especially in the lead transition of sharing within the business groups. And I think overall, from the cross-selling, the bundling, and the up-selling perspective, with recent news around solar-plus-battery being a winning concept, I think we feel validated in the solar-plus or electricity-plus strategy because we think it's a little more comprehensive of being able to put electricity, solar, EV charging, portable power, backup generation, which could include a battery, or natural gas generators. So we feel validated in our strategy there.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. And I just wanted to shift over to the partnership on distributed generation. Is this the form of relationship that we should be thinking on a going-forward basis? Or is this more opportunistic in the near-term? Just wanted to get a better sense if this is the sort of model that you all prefer going forward here with distributed generation?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You mean in terms of the way that the Yield and NRG are working together on Home Solar leases, and down the road on business to business? Is that...
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Kirk, do you want to address that?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Stephen, the high-level answer to that is, yes, and is for the same reason for both distributed solar and residential solar. And that is just the ongoing continual nature of the opportunity set combined with the fact that, as you know, now that we've shifted from cash grants exclusively, really into ITCs, that requires that the equity funding basically be locked down once we reach COD. So for that reason, it's important for us to have capacity to be flexible and nimble when those opportunities present and they tend to do so on a sort of a rolling and ongoing basis, and so that affords us the ability to be nimble on both DG and residential solar. And broadly speaking, the structure of those two partnerships in terms of the sharing of cash flows between NRG and NRG Yield, especially NRG towards the residual as we retained the recontracting ability will be similar between those two partnerships.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And maybe just to follow up on the structure, Kirk, in terms of the return threshold at which there is that effective flip, is there any color you can provide or are you not quite at that point that you want to provide that (37:15).
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The only thing – I'd say it this way is that the CAFD yield, which is an average, and I'm using the example more tangibly from the residential solar partnership, that 7.5% yield is a good way to think about the economics, or at least the sharing, the cash flows, that are represented by that 95% that goes to NRG Yield.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Daniel Eggers from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning, guys. I – just on the buyback update, which was helpful, can you walk us through, in addition to the recycling of the cash from drops to NYLD kind of how you're thinking about an allocation of cash between the free cash generation from the business as well as the proceed dropdown? So are there buckets we should be thinking about more comprehensively of all the cash you're generating?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Kirk, do you want to take that?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. The committed piece, and I'm speaking specifically – I think your question, Dan, was directly on the buyback front, the predictable component of that, the committed piece of that is the one-thirds of the dropdown proceeds that is earmarked for share repurchases. And while certainly we can opportunistically supplement that with additional capital allocation is really anchored by the free cash flow, a good example of which is the $81 million we added today, we maintain that flexibility. But the committed part of it is the one-thirds piece from the Yield dropdown.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So the free cash generation from the core business is going to follow the same strategy of using it as you see the best and brightest use at that point in time.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. I think that's a safe summary, yes.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then I guess just on the Carlsbad plant, the CPUC deferred a decision yet again. What is your thinking as far as where their holdouts are on that project, and are there alternatives to you guys if they decide not to approve development of that property?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I mean, certainly we hope, I mean in a world of getting things approved in California, this is pretty much a par for the course and we certainly support President Picker's alternative decision, and I think that they're now going to make a final decision in just a couple weeks, I think May 19 or May 21 or something like that, so we certainly hope it goes the right way because we think the plant is obviously the right solution for Southern California in the absence of the SONGS plant. But I mean, if it does go the other way, I mean, the project's not dead yet, it's just that the path to approval becomes longer and a little bit more opaque, and so at the very least I think there would be a delay, and we certainly hope for our sake and for the sake of California, that that's not the case.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. I'll stay to my two questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Could I just ask about the Home Solar customer adds? It looks like you added less than 3,000 in the quarter. Is it seasonality, weather-related, or should we just expect the ramp to really pick up later in the year? Just how we kind of view that Q1 result in the context of what I guess is like 20,000-odd adds you wanted to do this year?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Jonathan, I mean Kelcy – I'll ask Kelcy to address the question looking forward, but certainly I think your assessment of the first quarter is correct. First of all, we always anticipated a high ramp rate quarter-on-quarter during the year, but there's no doubt that our Home Solar business, which is a little unusual compared to the other main home solar companies in that we start as an East Coast-based home solar company, and you can imagine that no one in Massachusetts which is one of the biggest markets was thinking about, or executing on putting home solar on their roof from about the first of February through mid-March. So it was definitely weather impacted, but I mean we're confident for the rest of the year. And Kelcy can give you a little flavor of that. Kelcy?
Kelcy Pegler - President-NRG Home Solar: Yeah. Thanks, David. And I think you've framed it properly. We were impacted by Northeast weather which was extreme in states like Massachusetts and Connecticut especially. They had snow on the ground for better parts of four weeks at a time. But we've always recognized that our full year will have a ramp through that full year. If we experience similar growth rates from what a 2014 experienced, we're confident we're right in that ballpark for our full year number in 2015. We did gain considerable ground on some meaningful progress with both the partnership with Yield which you heard Kirk talk about, and extending our tax runway. So there's a lot of progress, and not the least of which is really gaining a foothold in the California market which will help mitigate that seasonality that we experienced in Q1 in future quarters.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Can I just ask about Carlsbad? Is the spending in the numbers? Not in the numbers? How should we think about that?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Kirk?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Jonathan, there is no meaningful amount of spend currently in that, as it would ordinarily be the case in the growth investments component of capital allocation. We expect the preponderance of that spend to really begin in earnest in 2016.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Just one simple question. Back at the Analyst Day, I think you had highlighted for 2015 that you were already kind of tracking to the maybe the upper half of the range for this year. And maybe you could just comment on that. Obviously, the first quarter was very good.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I actually think we said to the upper quarter of the range. And we're still tracking to that same upper quarter. But if I didn't say, or if Kirk didn't say upper quarter, then we're saying it now.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I actually did.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie Capital. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. I'm not going to ask questions about solar for once. But there is, you guys have shown us this integrated platform between the generation assets and the retail assets, especially your cash flows and earnings and volatility associated with natural gas prices. And we're seeing that one of the UK utilities has just put a big retail business in the U.S. for a strategic review. And I know that there's a bit of an overlap in retail services territories. And I know you don't comment on specific transactions, but could you, in general, tell us is it possible for you to enlarge your retail presence, especially in Texas?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Wow. Yeah, I don't. Yeah, I think certainly we would look to expand retail where we could do so at value. I mean, we like the platform we have. I mean, unlike when we bought Green Mountain or Energy Plus, I mean, we have the brands, and we have what we need. But we would look at other portfolios. I don't – I'm not sure I actually even know which portfolio you're talking about, but I can guess by the way you frame the question. I don't actually have any insights on whether or not there's a market share issue. But it's safe to say that if there's not a market share issue, we would look at anything in the retail space. Elizabeth, do you want to comment on that?
Elizabeth Killinger - SVP & President, NRG Retail, NRG Energy, Inc.: Yeah. I think you hit it on the head. But I would add, we are passionate about our Retail business and the Texas market. And to the degree, we can acquire either additional customers through acquisition or normal channels, we always look at opportunities to do so.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And the second one, more generic about M&A as well. So if you now have new classes of shares for NRG Yield that could allow you for third-party acquisitions. How should we think about it if you were, if both of the companies were to acquire existing portfolio of operating assets, would it be immediately dropdown into NRG Yield, and as such, boasts near-term distribution growth. Or would it be, in a way, warehoused at NRG or at some other facility in order to be preserved for future dropdowns in order to basically expand the growth of distributions into the future?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Angie, it's a very situationally-specific answer to that question. I mean we've really looked at every situation. I mean led by the independent directors at NRG Yield, they have repeatedly said they want to remain true to the idea that there's very specific risks they're willing to take, and a lot of risks that they're not willing to take. And if there's a big acquisition, half merchant, half contracted, and it has a lot of integration that has to be done and all that, they want to see that done at NRG first, and then receive the contracted assets when they're settled down. On the other hand, they've done direct acquisitions of assets which they perceived, and we perceived, didn't require a lot of new risk taking on their part. So it's really case by case is the best I could tell you.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So wanted to come back to the conventional portfolio for a quick minute here. On Maryland, just if you could give a little bit more of an update around intentions there and the latest on the regulations, as well as at the GenOn fleet on Bowline? Is it your intention still to move forward there and bring that unit back up? Or fully back up, shall we say?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mauricio, do you want to take that?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, David. And good morning, Julien. So as you know, Maryland implemented an emergency ruling for 2015 setting up a specific limit that can be complied across the entire portfolio. We continue to work with MDE in a solution that doesn't necessarily require a unit-by-unit NOS (49:01) limit that could potentially lead to additional environmental equipment or potentially fuel conversion of that, and these market conditions are not economic. So we will continue to work with them to find a solution that is consistent with other federal regulations in terms of compliance at a total portfolio level.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: And then on Bowline?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: On Bowline, I mean we are – we're moving and rerating our units. We have invested already that capital at very attractive multiples, and we are bringing additional megawatts given the pricing conditions that we're seeing in the lower Hudson Valley.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then a bigger thematic question here; obviously, a lot on storage of late, but I'm curious, how big of an opportunity do you all see it? And then I suppose, specifically given the diversity of your current businesses, where do you see the best opportunity? Is it the C&I space? The utility scale space? I mean just curious how you all are thinking about tackling that opportunity here?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. You – I'm sorry. You said, specifically in storage?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, indeed.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I mean I think that we see the biggest opportunity, and we've had some success there in sort of California's preferred resources where there's a contract for it. I mean from my perspective, and particularly the more distributed you get, sort of merchant storage, if you will, is – I think is still some ways away from being a significant opportunity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I only have one question, but it's in 27 parts.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh, thank you, thank you, we appreciate that. It's – well that's just what we wanted on a Friday after – Friday morning.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Oh, three quick ones. Just to clarify your answer to a prior question. The $1.6 billion of CapEx in 2016 currently budgeted, that would go up if Carlsbad were approved?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: David, you want me to take that?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh. Yeah. I'm sorry, Kirk. Go ahead.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Greg, I would not expect that to – the approval to have an impact on the $1.6 billion. From a timing perspective, while there may be a small amount of capital towards the end of the year, in any circumstance, I would still expect the bulk of the capital towards Carlsbad to really be in earnest in 2016.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But he asked...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: In 2016 or in 2017?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: He asked in 2016.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Oh, forgive me. I thought you said 2015. Yeah...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...so it would – yes, it would start in 2016. Sorry about that.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So that would be – you would – so the $1.6 billion would go up?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: The second question was with regard to the excess capital remaining, the $860 million of which $500 million is at GenOn and $360 million at NRG. You said – I think you said $200 million of that is associated with sort of the replenishment of NRG Yield eligible assets, so that means for all intents and purposes there's $160 million for the balance of this year that's unallocated?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Kirk?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So when you're looking at the $360 million that's at the bottom there, that's correct, although I would say within the $960 million of committed capital that's on the growth investments page, that really includes the line of sight we have right now on the remaining NRG Yield-eligible assets. So while $200 million of that $360 million is the one-thirds component that goes towards Yield-eligible assets, I would expect those dollars more likely to be spent in 2016 and moving forward. I don't see a significant increase right now in allocations or towards Yield-eligible investments other than that which is already subsumed within that $960 million of growth capital. I do want to go back to your question. I apologize for the confusion over 2015 and 2016. When you go to the slide on capital expenditures, I said that Carlsbad would be an increase, that – I want to clarify that point. We provided that 2016 number for a reason and part of the committed capital in there is the Carlsbad plant and the Mandalay plant. So forgive me for misunderstanding your question. That is included in the 2016 capital expenditures.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. That was exactly what I needed. Thank you. And the final question for Mauricio, I think in the first quarter vis-à-vis how the stock price traded, people definitely forgot how strong a sort of countercyclical hedge your Retail business is relative to your wholesale position in Texas. Look, you haven't changed your 2015 guidance for Home Retail, but if we continue to see depressed gas prices and depressed spark spreads, depressed wholesale prices in Texas for an extended period of time, given the tenor of your contracts, how do you think you trend in that $575 million to $650 million guidance range through the rest of the year?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, I mean, keep in mind that you need two elements for an over performance in Retail. Not only do you need lower commodity prices that translate in lower supply costs, but you also need higher loads given to extreme weather conditions. In the case of Q1, you have colder than normal weather. So as we look at the rest of the year, I think it's a little too early to tell how weather's going to play out, and I'm not going to – I mean, it's a little disingenuous to start making predictions about whether it's going to be hotter than normal or not. But certainly, if those two elements present themselves in the summer, we can expect retail to over-perform.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you, gentlemen. Have a good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Chin from Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Brian J. Chin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: My questions were asked and answered. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ryan Caylor from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Caylor - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Hi. Good morning.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Ryan Caylor - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: So my questions were answered regarding Carlsbad, but regarding the other California repowering project added to the NYLD ROFO list, given there's CapEx allocated to both in 2016, can you provide us with an update, I guess, on Mandalay and whether there's any read-throughs from the Carlsbad process?
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. That's a good question. I don't know of any – I think they're quite independent of each other, but I would say I'm not perfectly informed on that. Mauricio, do you have any viewpoint on that?
Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. I mean, I think the Mandalay project is back at the end of the decade, so what we provided to you is in the next two years. The capital required for that project would be in the latter part of the decade, so I don't think it's reflected on the numbers. Kirk?
Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Not reflected on the numbers, and I'm not aware of any read-through in terms of the situation with the Carlsbad project onto Mandalay, no.
Ryan Caylor - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back to David Crane for any closing remarks.
David Whipple Crane - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well thank you, operator, and thank you all for participating on this Friday morning, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. And thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin - Vice President, Investor Relations David Crane – President and Chief Executive Officer Kirkland Andrews – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mauricio Gutierrez – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Steve McBee – President and Chief Executive Officer, NRG Home Chris Moser – Head of Commercial Operations Elizabeth Killinger – Head of Home Retail Kelcy Pegler – Head of NRG Home Solar
Analysts: Angie Storozynski – Macquarie Capital Greg Gordon – Evercore ISI Paul Zimbardo – UBS Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley Steven Fleishman – Wolfe Research Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Gregg Orrill – Barclays 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Incorporated Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to disperse this conference call. Mr. Chad Plotkin, you may begin.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning everyone, and welcome to NRG's full year and fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. Because this call will be limited to one hour, we ask that you limit yourself to only one question with one follow-up. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation as well as the risk factors contained in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And with that, I'll now turn over the call to David Crane, NRG’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Chad. Even before I go through the familiar ritual of introducing my colleagues, I want to draw your attention to the latter part of today’s earnings release, where we announced that Chad Plotkin is stepping down from being Head of Investor Relations from both NRG and NRG Yield in order to take up a position as Head of Finance for NRG Home Solar. Chad came to the IR position three years ago as a rising star in our strategy and M&A group at a time when we decided that our company and our investors were best served by an IR Head who had been deeply and directly involved in the business of the company. And in two years, Chad has worked tirelessly to explain the complexities of NRG to our current and hopefully future investors, but Chad has been more than that during his tenure, he has been a trusted advisor to Kirk, Mauricio, myself, and the rest of the Executive Leadership team.  As he moves through a clerically important finance position in Home Solar, our loss becomes Kelcy Pegler and Steve McBee’s gain. For our part, we wish him well in this new position and for your part as investors in the NRG group of companies; I think you should expect doing counter him again. Chad’s successor Matt Orendorff who liked Chad before him rises out of our strategy and M&A group is similarly a rising star deeply immersed in and familiar with the key initiatives of the company. But I will wait to see other good things about him until he proves himself in his new position. As always, joining me today are Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer and President of NRG Business. Additionally in making his first appearance on earnings call, I am pleased to have Steve McBee, President of NRG Home with us as well. Additionally and available for questions are Chris Moser, Head of Commercial Operations; Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Home Retail; and Kelcy Pegler, Jr., Head of NRG Home Solar. Before I begin I first want to thank everyone for participating in our investor event just six weeks ago. And since our strategy hasn’t changed appreciably in the intervening weeks and since there have been no strategy altering intervening event since then, I will keep my prepared remarks as brief as possible. So let’s get to it. Turning to slide 3, as we’ve discussed over the past few quarters, our core power markets experienced quite a roller coaster ride in 2014 with a particularly severe winter and an extraordinarily mild summer. I am pleased to report today that due to faultless execution across our core wholesale and retail platforms, we successfully delivered on our fiscal year 2014 financial guidance as revised our last year’s third quarter call.  Further and as we indicated at our Investor Day, even in the phase of continued softening of our core commodity prices, we again are reaffirming our 2015 financial guidance with its prospect of the year-over-year growth from 2014. There has been concern about softening commodity prices in the early days of this year, but our excellent operational execution over the past few months combined with the benefits of our diversification away from 100% reliance on conventional wholesale generation makes this possible for NRG, makes reaffirming guidance possible in a way that is not always possible for our pure play IPP peer group. Building on that theme and turning to slide 4, our strategic actions in 2014 continue to lay the foundation for NRG as we build the future of our company in response to transition that we now believe to be clearly underway in our industry, by the way I am still on slide 3. Following the strategic blueprint provided to us by the winners in the telecom revolution, we have been a big and successful consolidator in the conventional power sector while pushing forward into key phases of the new more, distributed more sustainable and carbon-constrained world of personal power.  We deliver on all of our integration targets for our two most significant 2014 acquisitions and did so more quickly than we originally thought possible. We enhanced NRG Yield and we began to process through NRG carbon 360 of providing a long-term future for our younger coal plants even in a de-carbonizing world. Now, you should turn to slide 4. Furthermore, we have been on a strategic path at least since 2010 to diversify our financial performance away from pure commodity risk. Back in 2007 or 2008 if you would ask me to explain in the most simple terms what NRG did to make money, I would have told you that we sell coal and uranium at natural gas prices. And while I still believe that for the most part in most markets, it’s preferable to sell coal and uranium at natural gas prices than it is say to sell natural gas at natural gas prices, NRG has in the ensuing five years become so much more in just a natural gas commodity play. As illustrated on slide 4, we have grown our economic gross margin by 70% over those five years all in a relentlessly subdued natural gas price environment while reducing the contribution of natural gas exposed margin by roughly 30%. This is a trend both in terms of growing gross margin and reducing natural gas price correlation that we are working hard to perpetuate. So in a market like we have seen over the past few months, where natural gas has again declined to under $3 per million BTU, we remind you that NRG is not just a natural gas story but it’s increasingly an investment in the clean energy future which means among other attributes that we are built to weather volatility in gas prices while preserving the upside in the power markets when they materialize. Moving to slide 5, because I’ve referenced our Investor Day and recognize that not all of you were able to join us in Houston, let me close by reiterating what we took 7 hours to tell you down there into 70 seconds. Here is my pitch and hopefully this becomes your NRG investment thesis. Our industry is in the early, but unmistakable stage of a technology driven disruption of historic proportion. This disruption ultimately is going to end in a radically transformed energy industry where the winners are going to be that those who offer their customers whether they be commercial, industrial or individual customers, a seamless energy solution that is safer cleaner and more reliable, more convenient, and increasingly wireless. And I might add just generally more personally and what is currently being offered to energy consumers through our current commanding control centralized one size fits all, wire and wooden pole system invented by Thomas Edison and seemingly last improved upon in his era. NRG through our multiple initiatives in the Smart Home with Home Solar distributed generation reliability solutions micro grids, electric vehicle charging in portable solar and energy storage products is positioning itself to win this long term future in a way that no other power company is attempting. In the short-to-medium term, we continue to execute across our consolidated and unrivaled asset platform in a manner that will allow us to win the next few years as the power plants of the Post World War II era create a retirement tsunami washing across our core markets that will benefit us as one of the last man standing. Thanks to our substantial investment in environmental remediation over the past 10 years.  With that I will turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning everyone. The extreme market conditions that prevailed in 2014 highlighted some of the strength of our integrated platform. Our diverse fleet in the Northeast benefited from the severe cold weather earlier in the year and our integrated wholesale retail platform combined with our commercial and operational performance help mitigate the impact of a very mild summer and allowed us to deliver our 2014 financial results. Perhaps more relevant to you today is the fact that we aggressively hedged the portfolio for 2015 during the fourth quarter allowing us to reaffirm guidance. While it is still early in the year, I am pleased to say that we are off to a good start with a solid performance during the most recent quarter. Slide 7 returns to goals that I provided to you last year and as you can see with the levered across the board on our safety operational and commercial metrics. We successfully integrated Edison Mission’s 8 gigawatt portfolio delivered on operational synergies and announced a comprehensive asset optimization plan for the mid-west fleet at attractive economics. On our distributor generation efforts, we successfully integrated the Omaha District Energy System and were awarded a contract for 178 megawatt for preferred resources in California. We now have a full suite of distributive solutions for businesses. These combined with our commercial wholesale platform and access to low cost capital through Energy Yield, positions the growth for a significant growth in 2015. You will hear more about these efforts in the months to come. The critical part of our strategy is the repositioning of our portfolio to out survive the current way of retirements and benefits from changes in capacity markets and repowering opportunities. Slide 8 provides a summary of our comprehensive asset optimization and development plan. We current have close to 12,000 megawatts of generation targeted for fuel conversions, environmental retrofits or repowering opportunities. These initiatives are consistent with our goals of streamlining cost, maintaining or expanding field diversity, reducing the environmental foot print of our portfolio and extending the economic life of asset. The projects are progressing as planned, but some of them are driven primarily by capacity revenues. The outcome of the upcoming capacity performance auction in PJM could change our plans going forward. Turning to our operational metrics on slide 9 and beginning with our most important metrics, safety. I want to take a moment to thank all of my colleagues for another great year of safety performance finishing in the top quartile. We have 128 out of 161 facilities without a reportable injury. This is an outstanding result considering the significant winter conditions in the east and the Edison Mission integration efforts beginning in April. It was the second best performance in the last eight years at a rate of 0.73. While our fleet continues to grow in size and diversity the one constant continues to be our strong safety performance. I want to recognize our distributor group for a perfect safety record with fewer recordable injuries. Well done. Our overall generation was up 4% year-over-year on a normalized basis despite the lack of summer demand. The increase was driven primarily by higher generation in the west, the record production year at STP Unit 2 and the higher runs experienced during the polar vortex in the east. This highlights the importance of our well diversified portfolio. We continue to balance operational performance with marginal risk and overall spend throughout this low commodity price environment. Our coal and nuclear availability was down year-over-year to 82%. However, the fleet showed strong performance during peak pricing periods. This is evident in the improved year-over-year coal and nuclear reliability performance. In the third and final year of the current fornrg program we leveraged best practices from the operational synergies efforts in the general facilities and expanded that for the rest of the organization. We achieved an outstanding result of $198 million for the year, compared to a goal of $100 million. This success was driven primarily by improvement delivered by plant operations and Texas retail. Thank you to you all, of our colleagues who provide the commitment and execution behind our continuous improvement culture. We are confident we can continue to deliver the same value to our shareholders in the next iteration of the fornrg Program. Moving to our market update on slide 10, I want to start with natural gas, given the recent decline in prices. As David mentioned, we have been very successful in diversifying our margins away from natural gas, but it continues to be an important driver, so let me share a few thoughts. In the start of the Shale gas revolution six years ago the industry has focused almost exclusively on the amount of supply flooding the market. While impressive by any standards there has been very few catalysts on the demand side until now. Over the next few years gas demand will likely see a swift change coming primarily from four sources, the power industry, LNG, Exports to Mexico, and industrial demand. This incremental demand would commence earlier this year with additional coal to gas switching and the implementation of more stringent environmental regulations that will drive coal and oil retirement. Our current head position allows us to weather this low commodity cycle and be ready for a more favorable market environment. Turning to the east markets, the IFOs are redefining the capacity products and requiring generators to perform during shortage conditions. The changes will allow for higher compensation, but will also hold them for higher penalties for non-performance. As a generator with a large diverse portfolio, strong operational track record, and fuel onsite we support and welcome these improvements. The result from the recent New England capacity auction for 1819 were quite encouraging with prices increased significantly year-over-year. PJM still awaiting resolution from FERC on each proposal, which is expected to happen sometime in early April. We are excited about our prospects for our portfolio with 17 gigawatts of generation in the region, not only for the many option, but also for the transition auctions for the year that have already cleared. The recent coal front in the northeast once again proved the value of our diversified portfolio where unlike gas generation our coal and oil assets benefited from spikes in gas and power prices. Our strategies extent the life of our assets and maintain a cheap option on energies that can benefit from short-term dislocations in the market like the once we experienced in the past two winters.  Now moving onto Texas on slide 11, demand grew by 2.4% on a weather normalized basis in 2014, driven primarily by the residential and commercial sectors. While low oil prices will undoubtedly have an impact on the Texas economy. This will be somewhat muted by the diversification that Texas has been able to achieve in recent years. A lot has been said about the robust demand in Texas and the need to build new generation, but given the implementation of new environmental programs like maps, CSAPR, and EPAs proposed regional hedgerow [ph] for Texas it is important to talk about the potential impact to the supply stock. Make no mistake, we expect coal to be impacted by these regulations. But as you can see in the table, our portfolio is well positioned to comply with these rules and not only out survive the competition but benefit from the retirement of our units. That leaves me to the forward market where prices seem to reflect very little risk premium for the next few summers as you can see on the upper right hand chart. For the past three years, we have experienced no scarcity pricing despite having single digit operational reserve margins every year. From our perspective, Texas fundamental remain robust and you will not take much change in the supply demand balance to lead to scarcity pricing in the near term. Turning to our hedge disclosures on slide 12, we increased our hedges prior to the winter which insulated us from the recent drop in natural gas prices. 2015 is well hedged leaving us in good shape to weather the current downturn. We expect to see some coal to gas switching but the financial impact will be muted for us. Just like we did in 2012, we are diligently working with fuel and transportation suppliers to ensure that our coal plants remain competitive during this extreme low natural gas price environment. Finally, our goals for 2015 are pretty clear; execute on our asset optimization and development plan, and grow our distributor generation business by leveraging our wholesale portfolio. With that, I will turn it over to Steve for the NRG Home review. 
Steve McBee: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning everyone. As we discussed recently at our Investor Conference in Houston and as David mentioned this morning in his remarks, it’s our view at NRG that traditional centralized energy service models are significantly at risk. We believe that the future eventually will belong to demand driven decentralized models of service that empower individual consumers through sustainable energy solutions that are affordable, personalized, convenient and reliable. NRG Home will continue to serve our customers through a robust traditional retail electric service franchise while at the same time position the business to win in a world where we believe at growing share of the market is going to want and expect to generate and manage a larger share of their own energy. As you can see from the data on page 14, our strong performance in 2014 positions us well to achieve both our near and longer term strategic and financial objective. Our Home Retail platform delivered at the upper end of our original financial guidance with adjusted EBITDA of $604 million enabled in part by customer and product growth as well as by our ongoing commitment to continuous operational improvement to drive material reduction both in per customer cost and in bad debt. Our recurring customer account grew by 28% driven primarily by the Dominion acquisition which included customer contracts in the Northeast as well as the Cirro business in Texas. We are pleased with the success of the Dominion acquisition which beat estimates of earnings and customer count delivered in 2014. We expect to continue to report the Dominion customer contracts separately to 2015 as many of the Northeast customers will roll off during the year’s precious term contracts expire. Our customer growth also positions us retail business to accelerate and deepen cross selling of new products and services that will strengthen our business going forward. In that regard, we are exciting that our Home Retail platform which currently provides retail electricity and Home Solar will be in the market with new offerings this year that include portable power solutions, new battery products, and a variety of additional home services. In 2014, NRG Home also established NRG Home Solar, a leading residential platform formed to the combination of NRG’s legacy residential solar solutions team and the acquisition of RDS and of Pure Energies. We ended the year with over 13,000 Home Solar customers. Our success in ramping the business was a result of rapid and successful integration of our new and legacy Home Solar businesses, our strong kitchen table and telephone sales capabilities, our ability to leverage our key strategic partnerships and our ability to integrate additional NRG home services into our conventional Home Solar offering. We also demonstrated early cross selling success between Home Solar and Home Retail with about 50% of eligible Home Solar customers supplementing their solar production with NRG’s retail electricity. The strong foundation established for a residential solar business in 2014 positions us to be a top tier player in this rapidly growing space in 2015 and beyond. If you flip to page 15, I’ll quickly outline our priorities for 2015 before turning it over to Kirk. In 2015, we are confident that we will deliver on our Home Retail financial expectations and that we will establish our Home Solar business as a tier 1 player in the rapidly growing residential solar market. We will also operationalize the NRG Home platform towards our longer term goal of strengthening per customer EBITDA by further accelerating cross sell systems that increase tenure and by establishing common operating systems wherever we can to continue to incrementally reduce cost structure, and we will seek and pursue opportunities to scale our organic customer advantage and to enrich our existing product portfolio as we position NRG Home to become the dominant brand for clean and sustainable personal power solutions and services. Thank you very much for your time this morning. And with that, I will turn it over to Kirk.
Kirkland Andrews: Thank you, Steve. Getting with the financial summary on slide 17, NRG is reporting fourth quarter 2014 adjusted EBITDA of $625 million, with $382 million from Business & Renew, or $165 million from Home Retail, a $34 million negative contribution from Home Solar as we continue to position that business for growth, and $114 million from NRG Yield. For the full year, adjusted EBITDA totaled $3.128 billion with $2.134 billion from Business & Renew combined, $604 million from Home Retail, a full year of negative contribution from Home Solar of $65 million, and $455 million from NRG Yield. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2013, Business & Renew performance was down $26 million primarily from milder weather but partially offset by the acquisition of the EME assets, full commercial operation of CVSR and Ivanpah in 2014, and lower operating cost across the fleet. Retail EBITDA was lower by $15 million also driven by milder weather which was partially offset from the incremental margin from increased customers following the Dominion acquisition. Yield results improved by $21 million driven by the acquisition of the Alta Wind assets while we increased our investment in Home Solar by $32 million in the fourth quarter as compared to 2013. Free cash flow before growth totaled $951 million for the full year with $139 million inflow in the fourth quarter. Turning your attention to our 2015 guidance and as discussed at our Investor Day, given our hedge levels, we are again reaffirming our adjusted EBITDA guidance range of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion which now excludes the expected negative contribution of $100 million from investment in our growing Home Solar business. Free cash flow before growth guidance is also reaffirmed as we continue to expect between $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion in 2015. Turning to slide 18, I’d like to review a shareholder proposal by NRG Yield which is contained in the preliminary proxy statement filed by Yield last evening. This proposal which has been recommended by the NRG Yield independent directors and has the full support of NRG involves an important recapitalization of NRG Yield intended to achieve two important objectives. First, to preserve and maintain the strong strategic support of NRG Yield by NRG; and second, to enhance NRG Yield’s flexibility to efficiently access capital to fund growth without the need for capital allocation by NRG towards additional investment in NRG Yield. This proposal which requires the vote of a majority of the Class A shares of NRG Yield involves the creation of two classes of low vote NRG Yield stock which will be issued through a recapitalization of Yield’s equity. NRG Yield would intend to use this new low vote as its primary means of raising equity capital to fund growth going forward. Basically the proposed recapitalization will take the form of 2:1 stock split of both classes of NRG Yield’s stock. The Class A stock which is held by the public as well as the Class B stock which is held by NRG, thereby doubling the total number of NRG Yield shares outstanding. The new low vote shares will be issued in two distinct classes due to the two classes stock current held by NRG and the public shareholders. NRG totaled approximately 42.7 million Class B shares will receive an equal number of Class D shares each with 1/100th voting right. As NRG’s economic interest is held exclusively through its direct interest in NRG Yield LLC, the new low vote Class E shares to be issued in NRG will have no economic rights. Each Class A shares held by the public will receive one share of Class C stock with the same economic rights as the Class A stock and a 1/100th voting right.  Immediately following the stock split, each shareholder will through their combined ownership of the classes of stock at the exact same economic and voting rights as they do today. Going forward NRG yield will be able to issue third party equity using C shares to fund acquisitions without the need for investment by NRG, as these types of acquisitions are best suited for NRG yield, while the focus of NRG’s capital allocation to fund growth is focused on other core areas.  The enhanced flexibility this provides is consistent with the rationale behind the original creation of NRG yield and preserves the important strategic partnership. NRGs economic ownership will be diluted through future issuances of Class C shares by NRG Yield to help fund growth. However, the proposed plan will allow for approximately $21 billion of equity to be issued based on today’s share price before NRG’s voting interest would fall below 50%, providing substantial headroom for additional equity capital. In addition to the proposed recapitalization plan, NRG has agreed to add additional assets to the Right of First Offer Agreement. This expanded ROFO pipeline provides additional visibility in the NRG Yield to long term dividend growth and total return in order to preserve its low cost of capital advantage. The assets added to the expanded ROFO pipeline include NRG’s Carlsbad and Mandalay repowering projects, recently awarded in the ongoing RFOs for new contract to generation in California. Following CPUC approval, NRG will develop and construct these assets, which at COD may be offered to NRG yield, providing additional asset diversity in the years beyond the expected completion of the original ROFO pipeline. These types of projects enabled by and a testament to the strength of the NRG and NRG Yield partnership underscore the need for the enhanced flexibility for proposed recapitalization we will provide. In terms of next steps, NRG Yield expects to file and distribute a definite proxy statement on/or about March 26. NRG Yield has conditioned the proposal so it does require the approval of majority of the Class A shareholders at its Annual Meeting on May 5 of this year. NRG strongly supports the proposal as approved by the independent directors of NRG Yield and we ask for the support of the public shareholders of NRG Yield in this important step in building on the tremendous success of the NRG, NRG Yield relationship. Finally updating our capital allocation progress on slide 19, NRG ended 2014 with an excess cash balance of $1.26 billion. This excess cash balance, which is net of minimum cash at NRG GenOn and NRG Yield when combined with NRG’s increased 2015 free cash flow before growth investment guidance leads to $2.46 billion in consolidated cash available for allocation during 2015. Of this amount, we have committed nearly $1.7 billion of capital, including $250 million or approximately 20% of our 2015 free cash flow to be returned to shareholders through the combination of our recently completed stock buyback program announced last December, and a 4% increase in our annual dividend. Our growth investments guidance of $900 million for 2015 is primarily driven by operational improvement initiatives across the fleet. Approximately $150 million of investment in Home Solar installations, as well as continued investments in Solar, Carbon 360 and eVgo. $800 million in remaining cash available for allocation, which is prior to any proceeds from NRG Yield drop downs in 2015 consisted $600 million at the GenOn level versus intended to fund our ongoing fuel conversation initiatives with the remaining $200 million at the NRG level. Importantly, this balance does not reflect the impact of NRG Yield dropdowns in 2015. As we intend to offer NRG Yield, the next portfolio of ROFO assets, which we expect to consist of the remaining wind assets from the EME acquisition during the first half of 2015. The capital replenishment from this transaction will further increase NRG’s excess capital. Specifically, when combined with the residential solar lease drop down, currently under evaluation at NRG Yield, the proceeds from the wind assets are expected to generate between $250 million and $300 million in cash to NRG. Once this drop down is finalized in the first half of the year, we will revisit further capital allocation decisions based on conditions and opportunities at that time, which maybe further augmented by a second ROFO portfolio likely the remaining in stake in CBSR in late 2015. With that I will turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David Crane: Thank you Kirk. Let me close by turning to slide 21. Every year on this call I set forth my overarching goals across the enterprise so that you can follow our progress during the year. Given the reorientation of NRG into the NRG Group of companies, this year I’m providing our key goals, or summarizing our key goals in the context of each of our businesses. Now in the sphere of my opening remarks because we have taken up a lot of your time already, I will spear you from going through each of these sets of goals, but I will leave with the following. We remain steadfast as in orientation delivering on our commitments and while there are many goals on this page, we hope in excess effect that by the end of the year many of the newer initiatives that we have been nurturing and growing over the past few years will reach a size in the level of momentum where they will start to have a meaningful positive value impact on the overall NRG group alongside the intrinsic value of our almost 50,000 megawatts of conventional generation and our nearly 3 million retail customers. And with that, Kevin, we are happy to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Capital.
Angie Storozynski: Yeah thank you. I have two questions here. First of all on the new share structure at NRG Yield, I mean it seems relatively complex and I’m a little bit struggling here why wouldn’t NRG be willing to simply accept a share of future equity issuances from NRG Yield, I mean in lieu maybe for cash and that way you could maintain not only your voting rights, but also the economic interest and best cash flow that will be flowing from NRG Yield. So, why wouldn’t you want to actually keep the share of cash going forward?
David Crane : Angie do you want to give us your second question too, so we can get time to think about.
Angie Storozynski: Yeah the second one is about residential solar, so it seems like NRG Yield would be just a tax equity investor in those projects and also it seems like you might have actually augmented the size of the residential portfolio since the Analyst Day. Thank you.
David Crane : Well, so I think Kirk is going to answer the first question and half the second in terms of - I think you had a question about the growth trajectory of Home Solar as well?
Angie Storozynski: Yes.
David Crane : Yes, so Kelcy will address that as well, but Kirk can you go ahead.
Kirkland Andrews: Sure. Angie the first part of your question as I think you know largely due to the successful equity issuance to fund the Alta Wind acquisition that being a third party acquisition, our current ownership stake in NRG Yield was about 55% and while we recognized the possibility at the offset that when we dropped down assets in the NRG Yield we may take some portion of that consideration in kind, it is a different proposition entirely to consider the possibility of incremental cash investment in NRG Yield to help support that ownership relationship. What I mean by that is if you extrapolate it forward on a potential third party acquisition the size of the Alta Wind for example, in order for NRG to remain - to maintain its 50% plus ownership that would require NRG to actually allocate capital and invest in Yield equity, effectively investing in those types of projects over the long run and while certainly those projects are financially compelling. It was a very motivation behind the creation of NRG Yield to separate those kind of investments so that they reside in a vehicle that’s properly positioned for that kind of risk in a return profile. So - because those assets are high EBITDA multiple that would be tandem out to NRG investing capital or allocating capital towards a high EBITDA multiple. This allows us to allocate that capital appropriately towards the types of investments conventional in the life and towards some of the growth initiatives at NRG that are more appropriately our core focus. I think on the second part of your question although I think we’ve outlined the structure within the relationship between NRG and NRG Yield the important distinction here is we plan of tax equity financings, primarily the tax attributes from residential solar leases as they drop down to NRG Yield.  NRG Yield’s participation in that is actually investing in the residual equity after tax equity. So, NRG Yield is not providing tax equity and using tax equity allows us to manage effectively the duration of that tax holiday or that tax run way if you will. We have the flexibility from time to time to drop down assets without tax attributes giving NRG Yield the ability to augment its tax yielding ability, but I think given the nature of the broader portfolio we use tax equity to out manage that.
David Crane: Kelcy, do you like to say about sales.
Kelcy Pegler: Sure. So in 2014, we’ve really focused on building out and optimizing our platform for the residential solar space as we talked about in Investors Day, and we finished 2014 with over 13,000 cumulative customers of which 9,000 were acquired in 2014. As we look forward to ’15, we will continue this momentum and we continue to target 35,000 to 40,000 cumulative customers for 2015.
Angie Storozynski: Okay and then just one follow-up to that again David, the recapitalization of NRG Yield, should we imply from it that there is basically a big third party acquisition coming that you don’t want to chip in with cash and hence the change in the share structure.
David Crane: Angie, Angie, Angie. Do you know, we never comment on anything that…
Angie Storozynski: I have to try.
David Crane: May or may not be happening, but having said that I won’t comment on it – I don’t think that that’s the right premise in terms of any specific thing. This recapitalization is just forward-looking looking at how suboptimal it is to use high cost NRG equity capital in NRG Yield, but we are trying to maintain alignment on the control side. I would say though while you’re not going to wake up tomorrow and read about some massive NRG Yield acquisition, it is a target rich environment for NRG Yield, small, medium, large, there is a lot of things knocking about. So we are active in that market, but this was not driven by any specific transaction that may or may not happen.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning.
David Crane: Morning.
Greg Gordon: Looking at the full year results and then trying to compare them back to the third quarter guidance ranges for the segments and then bridging for the new segments, just want to make sure I am reading correctly that Business/Renew came in more or less inside the range but it looks like you’re may be still a little bit more upfront on Home Solar and you are initially projected and came in a little light in Retail. Is that the correct read or the wrong read because while the outlook for ’15 looks great, you came in on a low side of the guidance ranges for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth in ’14.
Kirkland Andrews: Sure. Greg, its Kirk. And I am just referring you back to some of my remarks at the Investor Day presentation where we went through recasting the components of those segments. We’ve recast the segments on a historic basis in 2014 to reflect Home Retail as oppose to what we used to call for Retail. That segment that was Retail that was comprised of our guidance contain about $50 million of EBITDA from the C&I business. That $50 million, that portion of our performance, is now reflected in the business segments. So that $604 million you see from Retail in 2014 is simply the mass retail component of that. And yes, the $65 million in negative EBITDA contribution from Home Solar is slightly ahead of what we expected, but that was due to some advanced investments in cost initiatives and marketing like as we position ourselves continually to realize that significant growth objective in 2015.
Greg Gordon: Great. And on that front, it does seem to appear that you’re slightly ahead of plan in terms of the number of Home Solar customers you signed up into the end of the year, is that right or not?
Kirkland Andrews: I think we are right within the ballpark of the growth trajectory through the full year of 2015.
Greg Gordon: Great. And the cross selling opportunities you mentioned earlier, are they significantly accretive to the base case plan you laid out. Are you seeing more cross selling opportunities than you would have expected in the base case plan at this juncture or is it more or less along the trend of that plan?
David Crane: Greg, I would think that the way you should think about cross selling and I got to tell you the number of ways within our company that see cross selling opportunity is the number of permutations and combinations. I mean the obvious one may be between system power retail and solar power, but the correlation between solar power, Home Solar and electric vehicle charging is a 58% correlation. But in terms of impacting our results, what I would tell you right now is, we feel in the cross selling area that we have to prove with you and get it to a scale where it’s actually having impact before we start asking you to value it. And I will say right now, we will consider ourselves more in the demonstration phase. Kelcy is working with Elizabeth, they’re going to be working with the electric vehicle charging folks and so we are just proving things out and we are just telling you that stay tuned. Kirk, do you?
Kirkland Andrews: Yeah. I think, Greg, one of your questions about our performance in 2014 if I recall I think I may have missed addressing the question you had on free cash flow, is that correct?
Greg Gordon: Yeah.
Kirkland Andrews: Yes. Our free cash flow before growth in 2014 of $951, obviously that’s within the range of guidance we provided obviously towards the lower end of that range. That’s primarily due to the fact that despite when we guided in the third quarter in anticipation of potential colder weather learning from the lessons and the success we had of the polar vortex. We chose to make some additional investments in a be prepared strategy specifically in our fuel inventory going into 2015 actually around oil in anticipation of potential colder weather, and that’s primarily the reason why the free cash flow before growth for 2014 although within our range was trending toward the lower end.
Greg Gordon: Got it. Thank you guys.
Kirkland Andrews: You bet.
David Crane: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Zimbardo with UBS.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, thank you, good morning.
David Crane: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: A follow-up question on the proposed change in share classes? Just a high level question, where there any kind of lessons learned from some of the subsequent yield curves that you tried to add to the structure or was there some reason why you didn’t opt to try and add some permutation of incentive distribution right.
Kirkland Andrews: Well, I think in terms of the other structures that are out there, I think we feel comfortable with the incremental impact on the governance perspective that’s quite in line with the governance provisions contained in some of the yield curves that followed. But as I’ve said a number of times, our primary goal is to ensure that NRG Yield has a maximum competitive advantage and low cost of capital. And from our perspective, the best means to do is for NRG Yield to realize the maximum incremental potential CAFD without the drag if you will of an IDR. The other element of that is that the NRG level because the IDR would basically be cash flow or EBITDA back to NRG which obviously goes back to an entity with a lower EBITDA multiple, we wanted to maximize that portion of the cash flows that was associated with those contracted plans to ensure that it traded at the higher valuation. And we think the absence of an IDR addresses that issue as well as the fact it ensures the NRG Yield can be more competitive and we will have a competitive advantage from a realization of accretion relative to some of the other competitors out there whose IDRs can deter or detract from the accretion when we compete for assets and third party market.
David Crane: Hey, Paul, can I just add something more general to what Kirk saying because this question of IDR, while Kirk just tried to explain the IDR is about 16 times and I am just mentally and capable of understanding. But I would tell you in general terms when it comes to yield curves, we monitor closely all the activity in the general yield coal market. And it seems to me and you probably could tell me, you can certainly tell me better if this is true or not that the market is now to the point where as oppose to buying every yield curve that comes out, they are starting to differentiate between quality yield curves and lesser quality. And we are committed at NRG that NRG Yield is going to be a top quality yield curve. So on every basic metric that the yield community is looking at, we want ours to be in the top tier and so we are constantly following the situation, that’s goal and we’re going to stick to it.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay great, thanks. I appreciate the color. And then a follow-up question on the Home Retail and Home Solar, for the target of the 35,000 to 40,000 customers, is that based primarily on conversion and cross selling of existing customers or is that expansion to new customers.
David Crane: Kelcy?
Kelcy Pegler: No, it’s not based on cross selling. I think the cross selling initiatives that Elizabeth and I are working with Steve on are really in the developmental phase where we are getting proof of concept. The customer count of the 35,000 to 40,000 in ’15 is not based on the cross selling initiatives.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, great. Thank you very much for the time.
David Crane: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Good morning.
David Crane: Steven.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to start on Texas and just get your thinking on environmental regulations, looks like your coal fleet is in very good shape. Just curious as you think about all of the rules that are coming down the road here CSAPR and regional haze and clean power. Which in your mind are likely to be most impactful to your competition and what’s the general timeframe we should be thinking about in terms of the impact to your competition in the state?
David Crane: Steven, thanks for the question and Mauricio is going to do the heavy lifting and answer the question. But I do want to say as a general rule may be for some of the investors on the phone that don’t follow this space as closely as you, because all of these environmental regulations either proposed in the court stay federal level, it’s very complicated. But I would say to you a general rule, even with the coal plants that we own because of our investment in the back and controls as you alluded to in Texas.  For us as well as the rules that are imposed in a fair and reasonable way, tightening environmental regulations actually enhances relative to our competition. So with that general statement as to your specific question about I think you asked what is the most impactful of the environmental rules that may or may not come back. And is your question specifically about Texas or across the fleet?
Stephen Byrd: Texas.
David Crane: Okay.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, Stephen, good morning.
Stephen Byrd: Morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think from our perspective and your question was the most impactful to our competitors. 
Stephen Byrd: Really more to your competitors and thinking about…
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think it was primarily our competitors given that as you already alluded and we tried to highlight that on our earnings slide. Our portfolio is pretty well positioned to comply with both maps, CSAPR and I think the latest one is regional haze. I think it’s fair to say that regional haze will have a significant impact on our competitors and not necessarily at NRG. With respect to Parish, we don’t think that is going to be applicable because even if we install scrubbers don’t have a significant impact on visibility. So take Parish shop and Langston will require minimal upgrades on the scrubbers that we have today. So I mean all of them will have some impact, right. The question is the timeline and the implementation of all these rules. But I think during Investor Day, we actually quantify the potential impact of each of these regulations on coal markets and what I would say is, most of that impact will happen on coal plants that are not owned by NRG.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
David Crane: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Yeah, hi, good morning.
David Crane: Hi, Steve.
Steven Fleishman: Hi, couple of quick ones. First, at the Analyst Day I think you said you are tracking to the upper half of the 2015 guidance range. I don’t think I heard you say that again, is that still true?
David Crane: To correct the record, we actually said to the upper most quartile. So, okay, Kirk, Steve Fleishman has called you out. What you’re going to say now?
Kirkland Andrews: Yes, Steve. You can infer which I’ll confirm right now by reaffirming our guidance that we also did on the Investor Day that, yes, our expectations are still consistent with that upper quartile.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
David Crane: Steve, what I deal with here, how hard it is to get him to say something.
Steven Fleishman: And then just on the new structure for NRG Yield, I guess it’s for Kirk, will you still be consolidating it from an accounting standpoint and also does it change anyway that it’s treated from credit rating standpoint for you guys?
Kirkland Andrews: First of all, we don’t expect that to have much of an impact on the credit rating although early days and so we get some feedbacks from the rating agency, but I would not expect that to have an impact other than the fact that obviously it doesn’t entail or give some greater transparency of the lack of at least necessity for capital allocation towards maintaining that ownership by buying more NRG Yield shares if you will. So I don’t expect that to be the case.  And forgive me, Steve, would you remain me your other question?
Steven Fleishman: Accounting consolidation.
Kirkland Andrews: Oh sure, yes. Because this structure is really a structure that impacts economics and not vote and it is vote that is the determinant of consolidation from a GAAP perspective, we will continue to consolidate NRG Yield going forward.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then lastly, I think Mauricio mentioned on the repowering and the like something about GCP capacity auction outcome maybe being reported to data point for some of them at least and continuing them, could you elaborate a little bit more on that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Steven. Good morning. As we articulated on the Investor Day, we are looking at repositioning the portfolio particularly around field conversions and environmental CapEx. And as you can appreciate, some of those investments are focused primarily on capacity revenues. So the outcome of the capacity performance auction is pretty important. Now, we are encouraged by the data point that the most recent New England capacity auction provided to us. So while we have all the economic analysis and we have put out – we have outlined the asset optimization plan, we want to have some certainty in terms of what is the final rule and I guess the rules of the game before we make any incremental capital commitment.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
David Crane: Thanks, Steve. And Kevin, we want to end really at 10 o'clock as we have a 10:30 NRG Yield call, and we got some things to do in the meantime. So we will take two more questions please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi guys. Quick one on, you are not going to need to purchase more NRG Yield shares, but could you and under what circumstances might you consider selling down some of your interest post the conversion or should we just anticipate that the ownership percentage of decline is yield growth?
Kirkland Andrews: Addressing that reverse order, yes, that is what the expectation is, is that our ownership stake will reduce overtime as NRG Yield issues equity, not as NRG sells down equity. The latter of those two is not our intention, however just to be clear the structure affords us the ability to do so. We have to convert the units that we own into shares but that is not our intention at this time moving forward.
Jonathan Arnold: Thanks. Is the split is simply just for liquidity and future issuance optimization, is that right?
Kirkland Andrews: Basically, yes, that’s right.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you.
David Crane: Thanks, Jonathan. So last question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with Barclays.
Gregg Orrill: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just following up on the Carlsbad comments, you said you expect that to come online in fall of ’17. Just I guess may be more specifically how do you expect to run the facility and how much would your – the powering cost and how should we think about the benefits of that?
Kirkland Andrews: Sure, Gregg. It’s Kirk. We haven’t yet provided the capital cost of that. The best thing that I can give you is that, the Carlsbad project is a little over 600 megawatts in total size for that. And the one thing I can say is that and I provided guidance similar to this when folks have asked us about some of the conventional plants that were in the ROFO portfolio and how to think about things like CAFD. And certainly we expect the project to finance that using a construction facility in permanent amortizing loan in similar fashion we’ve done in the past. My expectation is that the cash available for distribution or the equity cash flows coming off of that project will be similar on average cash flow per megawatt basis. And to give you a sense if you look back and I’ve made these remarks before in addressing this question with respect to the assets that are in NRG Yield today, that range on our equity cash flow or CAFD per megawatt basis is in the $35 to $45 kw range.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
David Crane: So, Kevin, I think we are reaching the top of the hour. So I just want to thank everyone for participating in the call and for those who are going to participate in the NRG Yield call at 10:30, I am not sure there will be all that much more new information there, but at least you will get to see us wearing our NRG Yield hats if you choose to join. And thank you very much and we’ll look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin - Vice President of Investor Relations David W. Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kelcy Pegler, Jr. -  Christopher S. Moser - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President Elizabeth Killinger - President of Nrg Retail
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chad Plotkin, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, and welcome to NRG's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. [Operator Instructions]. As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may be -- that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumption that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation as well as the risk factors contained in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will also refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And with that, I'll now turn over the call to David Crane, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Chad. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this last earnings call of 2014. As always, joining me today are Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer and they'll both be giving part of the presentation. In addition to Kirk and Mauricio, Chris Moser who runs our Commercial Operations, Elizabeth Killinger who's Head of Retail are available for questions. And lastly, making his first, but hopefully not his last appearance on a quarterly earnings call is Kelcy Pegler, Jr. who runs NRG Home Solar. He also will be available to answer any questions you have in his area. Turning to Slide 3. On our last earnings call in early August, we noted that through the first part of the summer, there had been nothing in the way of extreme heat in any of our core markets. As a result, there had been no scarcity pricing of the type that our Wholesale generation depends upon. Scarcity pricing is particularly important in an energy-only market like ERCOT where it is intended to act as a de facto capacity payment. With the summer now well past, you know by now that across all of our power markets, summer never materialized. The predictable consequence of the moderate summer we report today, adapting of our third quarter financial performance and a softening of the forward curve near term adversely affecting the outlook for the balance of 2014. Under these weather circumstances, I think our financial results for the quarter were as good as could be expected, and while today, we are reducing our full year EBITDA guidance by 5%, and I take no satisfaction in reducing guidance, I do take a little comfort from the fact that our full year guidance, as revised, actually remains at the high end of our original guidance for fiscal year 2014 even when excluding the impact of the acquisitions we closed earlier in the year. This is highlighted in the bar chart on the bottom right quadrant of Slide 3 in order to permit an apples-to-apples comparison. What makes me more positive than the revised 2014 guidance are 2 other factors: first, notwithstanding the third quarter headwinds associated with the weather, our Wholesale generation fleet performed up to our very high expectations on virtually every metric and that is a result of the culture of continuous improvement instilled by Mauricio and his operations team; and secondly, I feel good about our prospects to grow the business in 2015 and beyond across all of our various lines of business. As such, I'm pleased to announce the 2015 adjusted EBITDA guidance range of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion. This guidance, I would note, excludes the impact of our fast-growing Home Solar business, which is, at this point, in the evolution of the residential solar business build-out, a sector in which negative EBITDA is the norm for the leading industry players and financial success is measured by other metrics, which Kirk will discuss later. Lastly, as we acknowledged on our last quarterly call, we recognize and appreciate that NRG is a complicated company to understand and properly value at this stage. We are dual focused, both on winning the short- to medium-term future of our business based on the current 20th century conventional grid-based paradigm while also preparing to win the medium- to long-term future of our industry as its 21st century paradigm takes shape. So rather than expand on my thoughts on this earnings call, I'm pleased to announce that we will be hosting our first Investor Day in over 5 years this coming January. You will hear more of the details from Chad and the IR team about this must-attend event in the coming weeks. Moving to Slide 4 and coming back for a moment to our strength of execution. Last quarter, we spoke about the Edison Mission transaction and how our integration and asset optimization capabilities led us to an improved outcome from our original expectation. We've also stated on several occasions that our efforts on integrating the Dominion retail acquisition were also trending favorably, as well. As these 2 acquisition integration efforts, which I might point out we're implementing almost simultaneously, reach their completion, I'm pleased to report that, in each case, we have not only delivered on our commitment to you but exceeded our expectations. We are ahead of schedule and we are exceeding our targets in respect of key financial and operating metrics. I think our success in a management and systems-intensive endeavor like large-scale integrations demonstrates that this company and our people across the organization continue to be singularly focused on getting the task at hand done quickly and efficiently. Moving to Slide 5. We are pleased to announce today that NRG West has been awarded a number of contracts totaling 440 megawatts in aggregate in Southern California Edison's recent RFP for fast-start gas units and what they refer to as Preferred Resources. The 178 megawatts of Preferreds' Resources, which encompasses demand response and energy efficiency, is a particularly important win for us because we believe, California, as it has so often in the past, is a trendsetter in this area. In just California alone, the public policy is shifting towards Preferred Resources, making it 50% of all future resource procurement. By winning this award and winning big, we are positioning NRG for first-mover advantage with all the benefits that, that entails as Preferred Resources become a more significant part of the energy mix for load-serving entities across the United States. The other part of the award, the 262-megawatt Mandalay project now joins our 600-megawatt Carlsbad project, which is currently awaiting CPUC approval, as critical examples of how NRG is replacing and updating its aging conventional generation assets with smaller, more flexible, renewable-friendly, fast-start peaking units on long-term contract. It also obviously demonstrates our ability through intrinsic growth from development to restock the pipeline of NRG Yield-eligible assets, ensuring that NRG can maintain NRG Yield's double-digit growth profile into the next decade. Most of all, our success in this critical solicitation from SCE, one of NRG's most valued customers, shows that NRG is prepared to fulfill our role as an integral player in the critical California market now and well into the future. Turning on to Slide 6 to the Residential Solar business. We've made no secret of the importance that we attach to success in this area. We've been developing our capabilities in residential solar for a few years, but we have been very light on detail when it comes to speaking with you on how we think you should be thinking about this business embedded as it is within NRG. Obviously, a good deal of our reticence was driven by our desire to build the capabilities we felt we needed in this area outside of the public eye. As a big player relative to the companies currently in the field, we did not want to telegraph our approach to the business. While there continue to be many market-sensitive details of our approach that we are not prepared to disclose, on this Slide 6, we begin to pull back the curtain. The first thing you need to know is that while the graphs on Slide 6 focus almost exclusively on home solar performance metrics, you will see that our home solar business is going to be about so much more about than just solar panels on the roof and we consider that one of our greatest advantages. Our homes solar business is going to be about marrying up, cross-selling and seamless integration of solar-driven home energy solutions, including complementary grid system sales, backup generation and other energy products and services. And in this regard, unlike other residential solar companies that talk about offering more than just solar to their customer base, we already have the capabilities in place to offer effectively many of these complementary products and services. You can safely assume that we will expand upon our efforts to provide an appropriate level of detail about our home business -- our home solar business at our Investor Day. So let me just give you a brief overview of where we are and where I see our activities leading over the coming year. Focusing, as I said, purely on the home solar business itself for today, we have created a very strong business platform. Starting with our original NRG residential solar solutions and now combined with both RDS and Pure Energies through acquisition, we now believe we have the premier one-stop shop for customers seeking a high-quality solar experience at their homes. We have the multichannel customer acquisition engine necessary to achieve the appropriate scale. We have the systems necessary to accommodate rapid expansion and we have the financial acumen in place to finance our growth in an optimized manner. Specifically, on the financing side, we are ramping up with tax equity financing, either closed or in negotiation, to support nearly $600 million of residential leases in the near term. On the operations side, we are driving down installation timing and improving the customer adoption process so that we can reduce substantially the wait times from customer sale to install completion. By the end of this year, we expect to have over 10,000 installations, which is about 70 megawatts. By the end of 2015, we expect to grow that amount by 3x with an objective of a total of 35 to 40,000 installations or roughly 280 megawatts. Lastly, and given our focus on operational excellence and continuous improvement, we see our costs coming down to where we can install and offer residential solar between $3.20 to $3.30 per watt in 2015 with further cost reductions occurring in the years beyond. We look forward to updating you more on that -- on these efforts in January. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning. We delivered another quarter of strong results despite the lack of weather and the corresponding weak prices. More importantly, the relative varied sentiment from the summer was more than offset by the positive activity on the regulatory front. Changes in capacity markets stemming from reliability concerns, post-polar vortex, implementation of environmental regulations and the uncertainty around demand response are all contributing to a robust future across the wholesale markets. Throughout the quarter, we continue to focus on repositioning our Wholesale portfolio to win in both the short and long terms, either by extending the life of assets through fuel conversions or repowering facilities at a significant discount to greenfield economics. These actions give us an opportunity to withstand low commodity prices like the ones we experienced this past summer while standing ready to participate in market recovery. Given the circumstances, our portfolio performed quite well. The diversity in our generation portfolio, our hedging strategy, the integrated platform between Wholesale and Retail and our focus on operational improvements all contributed to achieving a solid quarter. Turning to our operational performance on Slide 8. I am particularly pleased with the safety performance of the organization. After 2 years of continuous integration, we're back to top decile levels. We had 146 out of 161 facilities that finished the quarter without a single recordable injury. Overall, generation for the quarter was slightly down, driven primarily by lower coal and gas generation in both Texas and the East despite better reliability and availability metrics. This was somewhat offset by higher gas generation in the West and South Central regions, but particularly the significant increase in renewable generation. Also our gas portfolio experienced a significant decrease in the number of starts due to lower cycling at Cottonwood and lax scarcity pricing in the East. This again highlights the value of our balanced portfolio between contracted and merchant assets during periods of low power prices. Turning to Slide 9. Our Retail business performed quite well and met our expectations for the quarter when factoring in both the impact of the Dominion acquisition as well as continued organic growth relative to the same period in 2013. More importantly, however, we achieved these results by realizing higher retail margins despite the introduction of the Dominion portfolio, which generally came in with lower-margin customers. As David mentioned earlier, the Dominion integration is now complete and performance has exceeded expectations. Since the close of the deal, Retail has retained higher-than-planned customer count and realized favorable EBITDA contributions with customer retention and expense management being the key drivers of much better-than-planned results on EBITDA and customer count. The Northeast drove the customer count overperformance with Texas driving the cost efficiencies. Lastly, with the closing of the Goal Zero acquisition in September and momentum building with NRG Home Solar, we have expanded the breadth of bundled products offerings across our markets. Our Home Solar team began selling system power along with residential solar and experienced nearly 50% success rate in cross-selling. At the end of the third quarter, 20% of Texas customers were buying more than 1 product from NRG and were gaining momentum with cross-selling in the Northeast. Overall, as more and more customers subscribe to multiple products and services, we expect our Retail platform to demonstrate enhanced growth and improved retention, allowing us to realize more value from each customer. Moving on to Slide 10, and as we mentioned before, it was another summer of weak prices and lack of weather across the country. While, on the surface, weather was slightly below normal in the Northeast and close to normal in Texas, the number of hot days was unusually low and as you can see in the lower left-hand chart. In some cases, like in Texas, the first 100-degree day occurred well into the summer, resulting in much lower spot power prices, particularly when you compare them against the same forward prices before the third quarter. This milder weather, combined with lower gas prices due to the higher production coming out of the Marcellus Shale, put some downward pressure on forward power prices during the summer. Since then, we have seen some recovery in forward prices, particularly in the Northeast, where they are back to presummer levels due in part to upcoming environmental regulations and concerns of cooler weather this winter. I want to take this opportunity to remind everyone about our summer hedging policy. While we increased our hedges in the aftermath of the polar vortex, we maintained a long reserve opening for the cash markets as a matter of prudent risk management. These megawatts were affected by the lack of scarcity pricing and therefore exposed to weak spot prices. This is something we implemented a few years back to ensure NRG would benefit from higher wholesale prices despite operational issues or higher retail levels. While we manage the size of this open position based on prices, we will continue to lean long in future summers consistent with our view. Moving on to Slide 11 and starting with PJM. We see a number of positive trends in our Wholesale business. The implementation of environmental rules like MATS, IPP or CSAPR next year, in combination with the uncertainty around demand response, most likely will take megawatts out of the supply stack and provide a positive momentum for both energy and capacity prices. In addition, PJM is in the process of making significant improvements to their capacity markets. It was clear that in the aftermath of the polar vortex event, units that provide a reliability and fuel certainty were at risk of retiring due to economics under the existing market structure. PJM recognized this shortcoming and it is recommending improvements to explicitly recognize the value of these units provided to the system. The new capacity performance market, while still under works, is designed to compensate generation resources that provide fuel certainty and reliability during peak weather conditions. We believe this is an important and necessary enhancement to the capacity markets, particularly if the system becomes more dependent from natural gas for power generation. We continue to work closely with all stakeholders and believe the market redesign is getting close to achieving the desired objectives. In Texas, fundamentals remained strong, particularly on the demand side. Demand grew 2.7% on a weather-normalized basis for the year and market design changes, including higher price caps and the implementation of an operating demand curve, are positive improvements for the energy-only market. Although we continue to believe they're not adequate long-term solutions to address resource adequacy issues, these measures should improve pricing as to better dispatch the electric system. As you can see on the upper right-hand chart, neither historical nor forward prices support long-term greenfield development. Market participants continue to focus on brownfield sites where cost advantages are necessary to manage the low-price environment that we have seen in the past couple of years while getting access to the fundamentally robust Texas market. Earlier this year, we announced the mothballing of our Bertron plant in Houston given the lack of support for capacity markets. With the benefit of hindsight, it proved to be the right decision given the lack of scarcity pricing this summer. But as we move forward, we need to renovate our fleet to remain competitive in the evolving Texas market. Our development efforts are predicated on either long-term contracts or units with a significant cost advantage where we don't have to take disproportionate market risk. Today, we are announcing the construction of a 360-megawatt peaking facility at the former PH Robinson brownfield site, which will be operational in late 2015. In natural gas, fast-start combustion turbines will help the state of Texas integrate the growing intermittent renewable generation while using no water for cooling and taking advantage of higher price caps and potential scarcity pricing. The plan meets our criteria of an ideal location in Houston and it is suspected to be built at a significant discount to traditional, new-build economics. Finally, on October 23, the D.C. court lifted the stay imposed nearly 3 years ago on the CSAPR rule. All arguments to address open issues are scheduled for March of next year. While this rule will continue to be contested and it is difficult to speculate on the final outcome, particularly pertaining to Texas, the EPA intends to start the rule in January 1, 2015. Our compliance program is a multi-pronged strategy, which includes using allowances, optimizing existing back-end controls, fuel switching and the use of low-sulfur PRB coal. We don't expect the rule to have a significant impact on this batch economics in the near term, but it could become a catalyst for additional coal retirements in lignite-heavy states like Texas, if implemented. Turning to our hedge disclosures on Slide 12. We decided to increase our coal and nuclear hedge levels for both gas as a proxy for power and heat rate for 2015 and 2016 in light of the weak summer prices and increasing gas production. We now stand at 94% hedge in 2015 and 45% in 2016, significantly reducing our exposure to near-term market dynamics. Coal hedges remain well balanced and fuel inventories are being replenished ahead of the winter months despite some of the rail performance issues that have affected our industry. We're focused on executing our fall outage season and reassessing the asset optimization projects that we have shared with you in previous calls in light of the changes in capacity markets across our core regions. We will update you in the near future once these changes have been finalized. With that, I will turn the call over to Kirk.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. I'm beginning with the financial summary on Slide 14. NRG is reporting adjusted EBITDA of just over $1 billion for the third quarter with $678 million from Wholesale, $196 million from Retail and $140 million from NRG Yield. Through the first 9 months of 2014, adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.5 billion, with $1.683 billion from Wholesale, $477 million from Retail and $341 million from NRG Yield. Despite the lack of price volatility and lower generation during the quarter, total consolidated EBITDA was flat compared to third quarter 2013 due to higher contributions from Retail, which benefited from increased margins from Dominion as well as continued customer growth. EBITDA from the newly acquired EME assets and NRG Yield, combined with these higher Retail results, serve to offset lower Wholesale EBITDA for the quarter. For the third quarter, free cash flow before growth totaled approximately $0.5 billion, driving just over $800 million in free cash flow over the first 9 months of the year. Turning to highlights and updating our progress on drop-downs to NRG Yield, we're pleased to announce that we've now executed a definitive agreement for the drop-down of a second set of assets for $480 million in cash, which we expect to close by the end of the year. This transaction, when combined with the previously executed drop-down in the second quarter, will bring total cash proceeds from drop-downs during 2014 to $830 million, providing significant capital replenishment to NRG while driving dividend growth at Yield. As previously announced, NRG Yield also closed the acquisition of the Alta Wind assets on August 12, which will further support Yield's growth through $220 million of incremental run rate adjusted EBITDA and $70 million of annual cash build for distribution by 2016 once the remaining 2 PPAs for Alta 10 and 11 are in effect. In addition, following the quarter end, NRG closed a new tax equity facility permitting us to immediately monetize future tax benefits, consisting largely of PTCs to be generated primarily by the NRG Yield-eligible wind assets we acquired earlier this year as a part of the EME transaction. NRG received approximately $190 million in net cash proceeds from the transaction, in effect, representing an advance on monetizing these assets through future drop-downs to NRG Yield and further replenishing capital to NRG in 2014. This tax equity facility is structured to maintain the level-ized cash available for distribution from the wind assets, thereby preserving our ability to monetize these cash flows from the assets through drop-downs to NRG Yield beyond 2014. Finally, while executing on value-enhancing, bolt-on transactions and completing our refinancing of NRG's unsecured notes during the third quarter, we maintained NRG's continued strong consolidated liquidity position, which is largely unchanged at $3.6 billion as of quarter end and now further enhanced by the wind tax equity proceeds, which closed subsequent to the quarter. Turning to the guidance overview on Slide 15. As I mentioned on our second quarter call, in the absence of warmer summer weather and higher prices over the balance of the year, our expectations for 2014 adjusted EBITDA were trending to the lower end of guidance. The lack of extreme heat and scarcity pricing and resultant lower EBITDA over the balance of the summer, combined with expected results over the balance of the year, has placed our 2014 expectations now at or modestly below our prior guidance range, and we are revising and narrowing our 2014 EBITDA guidance to $3.1 billion to $3.2 billion. The reduction in Wholesale guidance is partially offset by NRG Yield, which has been revised upward to reflect the partial year impact of the Alta Wind transaction, which closed during the third quarter while Retail remains on track with prior guidance with a slightly tighter range of $620 million to $650 million. Our 2014 EBITDA guidance also includes the impact of approximately $50 million in negative EBITDA from the home solar business, reflecting overhead and customer acquisition costs as we position the business for significant growth next year. Our revised EBITDA guidance range net of the contribution from the EME transaction, which as you'll recall was approximately $250 million this year, still places us on track to the upper end of our original guidance range for 2014 as the positive impact from operational performance during the first quarter more than offset the impact of lower prices and generation later in the year. We are also reducing and narrowing our guidance range for 2014 free cash flow before growth, based in part on the reduction in EBITDA guidance as well as other revisions to free cash flow expectations over the balance of the year. These revisions total approximately $150 million and consists of 3 elements: first, the impact of interest expense from both the Alta Wind transaction as well as interest expense resulting from the timing of the final redemption of our 2019 senior notes completed in September; second, mindful of the critical need for preparedness, which benefited us during the colder weather in the first quarter, we've accelerated a portion of our oil and coal inventory build from 2015 into 2014 in advance of the winter months in order to insulate the portfolio from any delivery challenges, which may result from higher rail demand or other potential transport disruptions over the winter; finally, changes in working capital largely due to the expected timing of Wholesale revenue now later in the year, partially offset by changes in timing for environmental capital expenditures, make up the balance of the expected changes for free cash flow this year. The majority of these changes are timing-related and should reverse as we move into 2015. Importantly, the proceeds from the wind tax equity transaction more than offset these largely temporary differences in cash flow, helping to maintain over $1 billion in consolidated excess cash available for allocation over the balance of the year, which I'll review in greater detail shortly. Turning to 2015. We are initiating full year consolidated adjusted EBITDA guidance of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion, including Wholesale EBITDA of $2.025 billion to $2.125 billion; Retail, which is expected to deliver $625 million to $700 million in 2015. NRG Yield, which makes up the balance of our guidance range, reflects an increase of $130 million primarily due to the full year impact of the Alta Wind transaction. Our 2015 guidance excludes the anticipated impact of NRG Home Solar, which we expect to generate approximately $100 million in net operating costs as overhead and customer acquisition costs reflect the rapid growth in lease volume only partially offset by gross margin from leases in service through 2015. Next year, we expect an incremental 25,000 to 30,000 home solar installations, which, net of tax equity proceeds, will require less than $150 million in incremental NRG capital in 2015. Including fully allocated overhead, we expect NRG return, net of tax equity, in excess of 8%, positioning NRG to capitalize on low-cost opportunities for further lease monetization at a premium to fully installed costs. And we will provide further details on this at our upcoming Investor Day in January. Our 2015 free cash flow before growth guidance, which is net of maintenance and environmental capital, including planned spend on Midwest Gen fuel conversions and back end controls, remains a robust $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion for 2015. Turning to Slide 16, I'll review in greater detail the second drop-down of assets to NRG Yield for $480 million in cash. These assets represent the first drop-down and monetization of Yield-eligible assets acquired from Edison Mission consisting of Walnut Creek, a fast-start natural gas-fired facility under a 10-year contract with Southern California Edison; Tapestry, a portfolio of wind assets in West Virginia and Oklahoma under 20- to 25-year PPAs; and Laredo Ridge, a Nebraska-based wind facility under a 20-year PPA. This second drop-down portfolio is expected to generate approximately $120 million in adjusted EBITDA and $35 million in cash build for distribution at NRG Yield, helping to drive near-term dividend growth at Yield. An additional $100 million in cash available for distribution remains available through drop-downs over the balance of the NRG ROFO assets and the EME-eligible wind assets beyond 2014, providing Yield the means to deliver on its long-term growth targets. In connection with the transaction, at closing, NRG Yield will also assume approximately $746 million of nonrecourse project debt. This debt balance includes a pro forma increase of $40 million of incremental debt at Laredo Ridge, resulting from a pending refinancing of the existing project debt, which will close prior to drop-down. This refinancing, which takes advantage of the lower prevailing financing rates, maintains existing debt service and CAFD while cash proceeds from the increased project debt will be paid as a dividend to NRG prior to the drop-down, supplementing the $480 million in proceeds from the transaction. The cash purchase price and assumed debt implies a transaction enterprise value of approximately $1.2 billion or just north of 10.2x 2015 adjusted EBITDA while the equity purchase price implies a CAFD yield of 7.3%. NRG Yield will fund the transaction using excess cash on hand of approximately $280 million with the balance of the purchase price funded to be a temporary draw on NRG Yield's revolving credit facility, which had approximately $420 million in capacity at quarter end. NRG Yield expects to repay the revolver in 2015 from the proceeds of its next capital raise. And finally, updating our capital allocation progress on Slide 17. NRG's 2014 remaining consolidated cash build for allocation, which is net of $2 billion of capital previously committed, stands at approximately $1.1 billion. $700 million of this cash resides to GenOn level and is primarily earmarked to fund committed growth investments at GenOn beyond 2014, specifically the planned fuel conversions at Portland, Shawville, Avon Lake and New Castle. Following the closing of the new tax equity facility and the fourth quarter drop-down to Yield, the remaining $400 million in excess cash will reside at the NRG level as NRG Yield will use its excess cash to help fund the drop-down. This NRG level excess cash provides a base of support for our growing residential solar business and Midwest Generation investments next year. We'll provide an overview of the 2015 capital allocation in the first quarter. And with that, I'll turn it back to David.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk, and thank you, Mauricio, as well. Before we open the lines for questions and I think we'll go till 10:00 because I think Duke reports at 10:00 and we don't want you to miss that, I want to turn your attention to Slide 19. As we begin to feel the cold breath of winter here in Central New Jersey, let me give you a sense of where we feel that we are in terms of our performance against our 2014 strategic goals, which we articulated in our first quarterly call last February. Obviously, 2014 remains a work in progress with 2 months remaining until the end of the year and we continue to strive against all of the goals that we articulated. While I won't elaborate on each of the 12, you will see from our self-assessment that we feel that we have been pretty successful. We've achieved meaningful and identifiable advances against each of the 4 strategic pillars of our strategy. There are only 2 of the 12 areas where we would have liked to have accomplished more and we will endeavor to do more in the months to come, and those areas are utility scale renewables and capital allocations, specifically share buyback. With respect to utility scale renewables, our relative lack of success in this area has been caused by a relative lack of opportunity as the last couple of years have witnessed an ever-increasing number of wannabe wind and solar developers piling into the big renewables space. These new entrants are making bargain basement bids based on excessively optimistic assumptions on the price track for solar equipment. We continue to look for big renewable deals ourselves, but -- where we can create value because we think that Tom Doyle and NRG Renew are very, very good at this end of the business, but we won't chase deals that may look good upon announcement, but end up destroying shareholder value once implemented. We are confident that this is an area of further value creation for NRG Renew in the years to come. Indeed, we remain very bullish on business-to-business solar, specifically single-customer, multisite opportunities that we can scale up and believe that our platform is well positioned to capture meaningful value in the near to medium term. With respect to share buybacks, as you know, for a variety of reasons, we have not had the opportunity to buy back shares this year and this being for only the second time in the 11 years that I have worked at NRG. As we look forward to 2015, clearly, we already have committed a significant amount of our available capital to investment opportunities which we believe will create significant shareholder value over time. Equally clearly, a mismatch currently exists between the multiple sources of shareholder value currently embedded within the NRG Group of Companies and the NRG share price, which, as it traditionally has done, continues to move primarily in correlation to volatile, near-term natural gas prices no matter how modest and declining in relevance those short-term swings in gas pricing are to our performance or to our prospects. As we continue to replenish our coffers after taking into account the current program of committed investments, we will revisit share repurchases as part of our capital allocation plan throughout 2015. With that, I will turn the call over to the operator. Shannon?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just in terms of thinking about the 2015 guidance in the light of the volatility and the guidance you had this year after a great first quarter and then the lack of opportunity in Q -- in the summer anyway, what type of extrinsic value assumptions are baked into your 2015 expectations being cognizant of the fact that you guys want to make sure that you don't have to move your numbers around a lot in the future?
David W. Crane: Greg, I may ask Kirk to address that question specifically. But sort of the context in which you asked the question about the guidance, I'm sure that you're frustrated as everyone on the phone should be frustrated with moving the guidance around. We are frustrated as well and it just makes no sense to us, as we look at our performance. I mean, everything that we could control is right on track, yet we've had to change guidance twice this year because of weather: once up because of the winter and once down because of the summer. If we had done nothing, but announced guidance last November, right now, we'd be sitting here at the upper end of our range. So one of the things that we want to look at between now and our Investor Day and hopefully report back to you is if there's a more accurate way that we could look at guidance in terms of doing guidance with sensitivity to weather, so you could track it with your own following of the weather. But having given that slightly off-topic answer, Kirk, you want to answer the extrinsic value aspect?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. The Wholesale component of our 2015 guidance is based upon the forward curves at this time in terms of what we see in our core markets, in particular, in the Northeast and Texas. If anything, I would say that the upper end of that guidance range, specifically on Wholesale, does incorporate, in a way of saying, the bandwidth of the range of guidance does incorporate some extrinsic value allowing for the possibility of volatility in the portfolio. But overall, our guidance range, especially towards the bottom end of the range is simply based on the forward curves and the implied gross margin that we see from those at this point.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then on the Retail side, you're assuming slightly higher range of outcomes in 2015 versus 2014. Is that -- can you give us sort of the puts and takes there? Is that primarily the accretion from the Dominion retail, offset by assumed margin decline in other areas? And are there assumptions about incremental product margins in there as well?
Kirkland B. Andrews: To some degree, yes. But I think overall, the way you summarized at the outset of your question, interpreting the guidance is correct, and that is that the upside includes the contribution from Dominion, which, I think, as I said, on the second quarter call, while we didn't see a whole lot coming from Dominion as we transition the portfolio this year, we saw the upside and then that's reflected in the guidance range, slightly offset by some declines or contraction on the margin side, particularly on the C&I side where I think we've consistently said we don't see compelling margins in that particular business, which is why we're repositioning our approach to C&I more comprehensively as a bundled product offering, not off the back of strictly grid power. And we'll talk a little bit more about that in greater detail at the Investor Day that David alluded to earlier.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Final question and I'm sure you're getting a lot of follow-ons on this. Obviously, the growth rate from '14 to '15 in your Home Solar installation aspiration is quite high. Can you give us a sense of what you think the 3- to 5-year growth rate is? Or are we going to have to wait for the Analyst Day?
David W. Crane: Well, I'm going to ask Kelcy. I don't know how he's going to answer the question, but I would tell you, I mean, in any of these super high-growth industries, that Kelcy is in a better position to answer your question than I am. But even his answer is going to be a guess. But Kelcy, go ahead.
Kelcy Pegler, Jr.: So I would say that we're preparing ourselves to compete at the top tier of the sector. And we see the guidance that our industry gives for growth trajectories of the whole residential solar space and we see ourselves in the top tier of that.
David W. Crane: And we have no reason to disagree with what the other people in the industry are saying?
Kelcy Pegler, Jr.: Correct.
David W. Crane: Yes, I mean, if anything, I would say, as optimistic as they are, they could be bigger. So anyway, it's obviously great. [indiscernible] It's just exceedingly high growth and what we're more focused on, as Kelcy is saying, is make sure that if the growth comes that we can accommodate it without any deterioration of service.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So following up a little bit on Greg's last question on the energy home business, how do you think investors should look at valuing the EBITDA and cash flow properties of the solar business in aggregate? Obviously, it's a little bit different from the conventional thermal business. What are you saying?
David W. Crane: Julien, the first thing I would tell you is that -- answering that single question more than any other reason is why we're having an Investor Day in January so that we can go through it because I'm not sure if it's susceptible to a 30-second answer but, Kirk, go ahead. Give it your best shot.
Kirkland B. Andrews: You can start telling me now. So first of all, from our perspective, as we alluded to, which is part of the reason why we've excluded the negative EBITDA moving forward in our guidance range, it doesn't -- that business, because of the high growth and because of the long-term cash flows, doesn't really lend itself to kind of traditional EBIT to EBITDA--type metrics. And for that reason, we've started to give you a little bit of sense of what the net capital from NRG that's slightly less than $150 million is the expectation off of that lease volume next year. And given we see a pretty robust return, as I alluded to, of greater than 8% off of that residual cash flow stream, I think the rest of the story, which we'll expand upon at the Investor Day, is translating that fully installed cost into a full monetization, if you will. So the way we think about it is monetizing our cost at a premium is the best way to translate value in the near term.
David W. Crane: Julien, if I could just add just one point. I mean, we see one of our big tasks for all of our investors and actually for our business over the next couple of years is to demonstrate what we think is this extraordinary potential synergy between what Kelcy and NRG Home Solar have to offer and what Elizabeth in NRG Retail have -- who to offer it to. So her 3 million customers with its increasingly cost-competitive and attractive idea that people can monetize the solar value of their real estate, we think that's a great combination. And how you all should be thinking about -- how you should be valuing it, that's part of the thing that we want to present to you in January. But we're also aware that we all live in the show-me state. We actually have to demonstrate to you that it actually can be done. So that's what we're really focused on in this area and that's why we've put them both together under NRG Home.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Well, you've certainly whet my palate to hear what you have to say next. Separately, though, could you address briefly the PJM performance scheme as you're thinking about the opportunity to participate both in the transition auctions and in the subsequent 18, 19 auction with the portfolio and especially the GenOn assets? Will they all quantify is basically the question.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Julien, this is Mauricio. Look, I mean, as you appreciate the rules and the guidelines for the capacity performance continue to change, the first draft, as you know, was very prescriptive in terms of who qualify for that market. That have changed and that -- I guess that change we see that positively. The requirements are less. They focus on fuel certainty, and clearly, reliability will be part of the bidding cost for lack of a better term on the auctions. We provided an indication in terms of what could potentially qualify under this capacity performance on the table on the slide where we show by fuel mix, whether coal, nuclear and dual fuel and oil, I believe it's on Slide 11. But again, I mean, I think that's going to -- until we have the final rules, we'll have more certainty in terms of what can qualify and not. I think it's important to say that we are reviewing all the project that we announced in previous calls around GenOn and Edison Mission because of the capacity performance and the expectation of potentially much higher revenue stream from our capacity markets. So that process is underway right now. But until we have final rules, it's really difficult to pinpoint.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Wanted to talk about the financing at NYLD of the asset drop-downs. Can you, Kirk, give a little bit of color in terms of what portion of that purchase price will be financed with debt relative to equity?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, as I said, we're going to use the NRG Yield revolver capacity to supplement the cash on hand as we move forward. And as you run the math on what I had laid out there, that's sort of, rough order of magnitude, roughly $200 million relative to a little over $400 million in capacity on the revolver. And as I characterized, that's a temporary draw, which we'd look to repay with the proceeds from financing. Given the fact right now, though, that I'm not going to be specifically predictive about exactly what form of financing we'd take, that'll depend upon the profile of the portfolio at that time. But right now, as we talked about before off the back of the Alta Wind transaction and putting in place the holdco unsecured debt, we are basically on par with our balance sheet targets there. So the extent to which we had capacity in those balance sheet targets, we'd supplement with debt. If not, we'd be biased towards the equity side and we'll make that determination next year.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. And secondly, I want to follow up on Julien's question on PJM and kind of the flip side of it that, as you see the penalty language as it now stands, when you assess your portfolio, do you think there's probability of some of your assets more prudently being shut down to avoid penalties? Do think that is the very low probability situation, i.e., you're very confident that all of your plans, risk-adjusted, should stay online and be able to withstand the penalties? Just curious how you think about the penalty side of things.
Mauricio Gutierrez: So Steve, I mean, 2 -- I guess 2 dimensions on that. First one is the field certainty. And if you look at the information that we provided on the table, most of our portfolio, as long as coal, nuclear or some sort of dual-fuel capability, we feel comfortable we're bidding those assets in the capacity performance. The second one is the penalties. And if there is one concern that we have on the existing rule is, I guess, the relative size of the penalty compared to the revenue and we've provided those comments to PJM. But ultimately, depending on the expectation of reliability of these assets, that will be priced into the bids that we're submitting to the auction. So to the extent that we have an asset that is unreliable, I think that's going to be factored in. And if the market doesn't need that asset, then it won't clear. I mean, I think it's as straightforward as that.
Christopher S. Moser: Steve, this is Chris. Just to echo what Mauricio was just saying, too. I mean the penalties are definitely stiff at 1.5x net CONE, but the current suggestion is that the offer cap is going to be net CONE, which is a heck of a lot more space than we have today. So I would think that we'd be able to price in a lot of that risk and then we'll see where the market clears.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I actually wanted to ask additional questions about this capacity -- the new capacity product. So how should we think about it? So you're showing us growing Retail and growing margins while you expect higher and probably more volatile energy prices and higher capacity prices. So how does -- how do you reconcile these 2? Do you basically assume that you price in the higher payments or how about the contracts that have already been signed?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, I mean I'll let Elizabeth talk about the Retail. But I think, in general terms, the changes on the capacity performance market will be a net positive to our Wholesale portfolio. In terms of Retail, particularly in the Northeast, it's heavily weighted towards the mass residential market. That tends to be very short term in nature. So any potential market changes from the capacity performance will start happening in 2016 and beyond. And that's well within the period where you can actually price it in, but Elizabeth, I don't know if there's anything else there?
Elizabeth Killinger: Mauricio, you covered it. We benefit from our integrated model -- in our wholesale/retail integrated model, in circumstances like this and we feel comfortable that we can manage any risk associated with that.
Christopher S. Moser: And Angie, this is Chris again. Don't forget that just the sheer size of the comparison of the portfolios, I mean, if we're serving 12-some thousand megawatts in Texas and we got 11.5 or so thousand megawatts down there, that's pretty well balanced. When you get to the Northeast, we are preponderantly long generation there, 17,000 megawatts in PJM alone, not counting New York and New England. And the load that we serve up there is a fraction. So really, if capacity goes up, we're a multiple winner just from the sheer leverage of that.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Now, I mean, talking about the potential upside, I mean, if you're truly -- if you truly have 15 gigawatts of capacity that's eligible and looking at the sensitivity scenarios that PJM is showing, I mean, we're talking about $400 million-plus of potential upside in earnings. I mean, my question is that does that look a little bit too good to be true and I know I'm not accounting for the penalty side here. But I mean, what type of a response and how sustainable do you think that, that level of earnings stream is actually starting in '18 and beyond when that definitely also lines up the pockets of potential new-build projects? How do you think that this pickup that you could see in incremental auctions is sustainable going forward?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Angie. Well, a couple of things. Number one, I don't think we need to wait until 2018 to see some of the impact on the capacity performance. As you know, there will be a transition period. Hard to think that the 15, 16, I think, is going to be more a target megawatts, always going to have some upside and then there's going to be some sort of pro rata for the 2 auctions that are already clear. So the impact is going to be felt before that. In terms of the size and the magnitude of that, I mean, it is really hard to pinpoint from this point, and yes, I mean, the rules continue to change. There was yesterday an open meeting with PJM in terms of getting comments back from stakeholders. Clearly, we think it's not a small change in our revenue expectation. I think it is rather large. So far, I guess, we have the quantity in terms of the number of assets that could potentially qualify under the capacity performance. We don't know the price. We don't know the bidding behavior. I already said that it is a significant change in terms of what are the items that can be now priced into your bids. And ultimately, I guess, the price will work itself out when we go through the auctions. But I think it's important to say that the impact is pretty significant for us. We think that our portfolio is well positioned. And when we get the right pricing, then we'll be in a better position to tell you that. Now keep in mind that this capacity performance also is going to attract new builds and it's just a -- I mean, at this point, we will be speculating on the absolute impact on our portfolio.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: And then my last question here would be, would you consider bringing back some of your coal plants that are either already shut down or actually slated for retirements in PJM?
David W. Crane: Angie, I mean, the plants that aren't operating, I mean, some are mothballed, some go into full retirement. Once they go into full retirement, you can't bring them back. But I mean, I'd say, in general terms, obviously we're continuously looking at the circumstances that exist and if we can create value by bring plants back or bringing them back on a seasonal basis, we've been doing that in Texas for a few years. We'd do that in the Northeast to the extent that we can. I mean, to me, that is one of the premier competitive advantages we have on the Wholesale generation side. We have such a large and varied portfolio that we can find where the value is and get after it. So we'll be constantly looking at that.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Fremont of Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess being a fan of the Texas market is a lot like being a Mets fan. It always comes down to wait until next year. What seems to be changing in your opinion, given sort your new-build announcement, Calpine new build and Exelon new-build announcements there?
David W. Crane: Well, that's sort of a loaded question. I come from the north side of Chicago where to be a Cubs fan makes being a Mets fan look like being an optimist. But I mean, look, I think Texas, I mean, you've sort of mentioned it. I mean I would say that the new build that we're talking about today at Robinson at $400 installed capacity. It's a brownfield site with equipment obtained in the secondary market. I mean, not too many people can do that. So I'm not sure that what we've seen is a huge flood of new supply unleashed yet, so we have reason to be optimistic in the short to medium term because Texas does grow. It usually is affected by extreme weather in the summer and occasionally in the winter. So I mean we like the Texas market. But you do point to the fact that it's hard to have a sustained advantage in the Texas market on the Wholesale side for years and years because the barriers to entry in terms of new build are low in Texas. And they've always been low. And that's where I think that the premiere advantage that we have over others is the combined wholesale retail model. Because when prices are subdued on the wholesale side, Elizabeth does well. So overall, it's a good market, but you're right, I mean, Texas will never be in a multi-year scarcity of generation situation because you can build quickly there.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then my other question is, I mean, it seems like your outlook on the core generation business seems a lot more optimistic on this call than it did on the last call. What accounts for that?
David W. Crane: Well, what accounts for that was that I wasn't clear enough on the last call in terms of what sort of time frame that we were talking about. On the last call when I was talking about how we were going to reorganize the business -- I was talking about how we were going to reorganize the business and I sort of forgot 2 words, for the "long term." I mean, short- to medium-term, I'm quite optimistic if you look at -- I mean, not every regional market. One of the things that's been going on, on the wholesale generation side is it's very difficult to talk in broad-brush terms about all the markets as if they're the same. The Gulf Coast, the East Coast and the West Coast, they all have completely different dynamics, which is a big change in our industry from when I got going in this industry 15 years ago. So you'd almost have to go region by region, but my fundamental view on the outlook for our Wholesale portfolio short- to medium-term, has not changed between this call and the previous call. It's just I wasn't talking about the short- to medium-term on the last call and you and many other people didn't hear me sort of distinguish that and that was my fault and I'm going to try and be much clearer in the future. So I'm properly chastised. So Paul, we've got to move on. We know -- we don't want to run into, conflicting with the Duke call, so we have like one more -- we'll take one more caller, and I apologize to the callers who did not get on. But Chad and the team would be happy to follow up and if you need to get Mauricio and Kirk and myself involved in the answers, we'll get involved as well because we want to answer everyone's questions, but for now, Operator Shannon, can we take 1 more call?
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just a question on the NRG Yield side on the expansion of some of these California projects, et cetera. And I think you said you now have a growth backlog through at least the end of the decade per mid-teens. Could you just give a little more flavor on the YieldCo-eligible cash flows that you now have for NRG Yield?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure, Steve, it's Kirk. And I think that David's remarks about enabling us to sustain that double-digit growth into the next decade, we're clearly focused on that and we're optimistic about the potential contributions to enable that specifically from the projects that were announced around SCE. Although we're not at a point now that we're going to provide specific guidance in terms of what the CAFD and the economics. We're early days. Obviously, we have to go through the CPUC approval process and the like. But the guidance I give you, if you look at the megawatts of those different projects, with the exception for Preferred Resources, a little bit of a different profile there. But as far as the Mandalay and also the Carlsbad projects, roughly 265 megawatts and 600 megawatts, respectively, a good proxy for at least the EBITDA contributions of those is off the back of the existing projects that are down there where I think Marsh Landing, El Segundo, rough order of magnitude, kind of EBITDA per megawatt. Roughly kind of 15% of megawatts translates into EBITDA and that's probably a good proxy for how to think about the contributions from those plants.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: And then also with respect to NRG Yield in the scheme of the new NRG Home Solar businesses, could you give a little bit of flavor on how they will likely participate?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Only as to say, as I've alluded to in the past, that we're focused on, as I said on this call also, monetizing the remainder of that capital and the residual cash flow stream after-tax equity. There are a number of different options available and we're evaluating all of those. But specifically for NRG Yield, we think the potential is very great for NRG Yield to play a part in that monetization, both from the standpoint of highlighting the value in the near term, as I alluded to before, and also given the return profile that the cash flows, the duration there, 20 years long-term contract, I think it has a lot of the elements that are very consistent with the NRG Yield portfolio. So I would say at this point it has high potential and more to come as we move into '15.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Steven. And Shannon, I think we have to conclude here. And I appreciate everyone taking the time. And like I said, we'll follow up with whoever couldn't get on the call. So thank you, and we'll look forward to seeing you in January. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin - Vice President of Investor Relations David W. Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Elizabeth Killinger - President of NRG Retail
Analysts: Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Chad Plotkin, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Ben. Good morning, and welcome to NRG's second quarter 2014 earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on the Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts. [Operator Instructions] As this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation, as well as the risk factors contained in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. With that, I'll turn the call over to David Crane, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Chad, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm joined here by Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer; and Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. They will both be giving part to the presentation as usual. I'm also joined by Chris Moser, who runs Commercial Operations for the company; and Elizabeth Killinger, who's responsible for our Retail business for all of our brands, and both of them will be available to answer any questions that you might have. I'd like to start on Slide 3 by giving a quick -- my quick take on our second quarter performance. I'm going to be quick about it because both Kirk and Mauricio will be discussing these results in more detail, but also because I want to spend a little more of my allotted time than usual on the strategic positioning of NRG going forward. I'm choosing this opportunity to talk about strategy because some of our most recent developments in our business provide a good context for how we think about the plentiful value-creating growth opportunities that we see in front of us and what is sometimes loosely called the alternative energy sector at a time when we see weakening long-term fundamentals in our traditional, conventional generation grid-based business. But first, let me start by focusing on our performance year-to-date. Never before in my 11 years at NRG do I recall a first half of the year where we were so whipsawed by the weather. A severely cold winter followed by a summer, which, to date, through the second quarter and so far into the third quarter, has been completely devoid of extreme weather in any of our core markets. Fortunately, to some degree, our diversification away from being exclusively a wholesale generator, first, into retail and then into clean energy, has increased the resilience of our earnings in the face of mild weather and tepid wholesale electricity demand. Under these circumstances, I am very pleased with the $671 million of adjusted EBITDA that we are reporting for the second quarter and the $1.487 billion of EBITDA year-to-date. As this summer has so far failed to materialize in the forward commodity prices affecting our wholesale generation business have weakened, NRG share price in recent weeks has dropped 20%, reflecting the continued strong correlation between NRG share price and natural gas prices. At the same time that NRG's stock prices dropped under the pressure of weakening commodity prices, NRG Yield has stood strong with the share price well more than 100% above the price that it IPO-ed at just 12 months ago. As NRG stock has dropped, NRG Yield, in just the past 2 weeks, has gone to market with 2 vastly oversubscribed capital market issues, a 10-year green bond that priced at 5 3/8% and upsize due to market demand and a secondary equity issue that priced at $54 a share, even though the stock had closed at under $52 a share at the beginning of the day of announcement. NRG Yield, of course, consists of contracted and regulated assets not subject to commodity price risk. But for this purpose, what interests me is that many of the assets of NRG Yield had existed within NRG for many years. Before Yield, the value of our contracted assets has never been recognized by the Street as they were buried under the weight of close to 50,000 megawatts of wholesale generation assets that were subject to merchant price exposure. Now as we look at the exciting opportunities that present themselves to us outside of the merchant generation space, we are intent on taking the first step to duplicating the success of NRG Yield with the other high-growth segments of our business. If you would turn to Slide 4, you will see how we are thinking about NRG and our businesses going forward with, from the shareholder's perspective, as many as 6 distinct value propositions, each with exciting growth opportunities of its own, each with a focused management team dedicated to win in its own competitive environment and each, ultimately and down the road a bit, a candidate for value recognition on Wall Street in the same manner as NRG Yield. We call this new structure the NRG Group of Companies, and in shorthand, the 3 plus 2 plus 1 structure, to reflect the fact that we are organizing into 3 main businesses called NRG Business, NRG Home and NRG Renew, which are differentiated from each other principally by the nature of the energy consumer that they each serve. The way energy is procured at the office is obviously quite different from the way it is procured at the home. The 2 and the 3 plus 2 plus 1 represents the 2 special purpose companies, Petra Nova and eVgo, that have very distinct businesses, capital structures and technological bases, but also have symbiotic connections to our 3 core businesses. In the case of Petra Nova, through turning our coal plants' greatest liability, their carbon emissions, into a highly profitable revenue-generating asset, and in the case of eVgo, by creating a legion of forward-leaning, clean transportation enthusiasts into end-use energy consumers aware of, and hopefully, loyal to NRG. The 1 and the 3 plus 2 plus 1, obviously, is NRG Yield, which already has its distinct identity and value proposition on Wall Street. NRG Yield going forward is a critical member of the group in enabling and enhancing the value of all the 5 companies by providing a highly competitive source of capital for their contracted assets. Today, that means NRG Yield acquires from NRG contracted, combined cycle assets, opportunities in our new structure, which will arise through NRG Business, and also utility scale renewable projects, opportunities in the new structure that would arise through NRG Renew. But as we go forward, we expect to offer NRG Yield an even broader range of assets benefiting from long-term contracts and arising, not only out of NRG Business and NRG Renew, but also possibly out of NRG Home or even NRG Petra Nova. This, of course, would be in addition to NRG Yield having continued success in its own third-party acquisitions, which has the advantage of providing enhanced cash distributions back to NRG. There is more about this new structure that can be illustrated on this Slide 4 or installed in the time I have available, so I'm going to concentrate my remaining time today with a brief explanation of NRG Home and NRG Petra Nova. As to the other 4 companies and the full rationale behind the totality of this reorganization, we will lay that out for you in considerable detail over the coming months. Let's start with NRG Home on Slide 5. At NRG, our Retail businesses have been working for some time to differentiate themselves, first, through offering renewable energy at Green Mountain, through offering affinity programs at NRG Plus. And most recently, our focus has been on becoming a key player inside the smart interconnected home of the future. And with the formation of NRG Home, we aim to focus on this objective all that much harder. NRG Home, in short, is going to combine under one roof the almost 3 million retail customers currently served through all of NRG's retail brand, with our much smaller but fast-growing residential solar company, NRG Home Solar, in order to realize the obvious synergistic benefits that each can bring to the other and to capture the sustained double-digit growth that we believe will be realized by the top tier companies in the residential solar space, as the American public increasingly embraces the idea that they can make a difference in the race to the clean energy economy with their individual energy decision-making. Even though as depicted by the name, the initial focus of NRG Home will be on bringing seamless energy solutions, both systemwide solutions and distributed solutions, into the stationary environment of the home. NRG Home will also be focused, as Reliant already has begun to do, on bringing mobile and clean energy solutions to the end-use energy consumer with the ultimate goal for us being wherever you are, whatever you are doing, for however how long you are doing it. And without regard to whether you are able to tether yourself to an electric outlet through an electric cord, we want to be your energy supplier. You should expect to hear a lot more about this aspect of NRG Home in the weeks and months to come. Now turning to Slide 6 and shifting gears, let me turn your attention from the end-use energy consumer end of our growth opportunity spectrum back to the other end of the spectrum, wholesale generation, and specifically, the future of big, solid fuel-fired power station that represent the backbone of both NRG and of the status quo grid-centric hub-and-spoke power system that Americans have relied on since the 1930s. When it comes to conventional utility scale generation, a lot of the trends are not good. Since electricity remains the only commodity that cannot be stored, wholesale generation is, at its core, a primitively basic business completely ruled by supply and demand fundamentals. Rebecca Smith recently reported a front-page story in the Wall Street Journal about the rupturing of the historic correlation in the United States between GDP growth and electricity demand growth, quoting the CEO of AEP as referring to this as the lost decade of electricity demand growth. Her article focuses on the fact that the utility business model is under strain because it is entirely dependent on more or less continuous demand growth in order to cover the ever-rising cost of operating and maintaining the grid. What her article did not mention, but is obviously also true, is that while the long-term supply-demand wholesale fundamentals and trends paint a bleak picture for vertically integrated utilities, the same future is bleaker still for the purer wholesale IPPs, which face the same weak fundamentals but lack the iron dome of rate-based regulation protection that covers the investor-owned utilities. On top of the challenge of weak long-term supply-demand trends, there is the particular challenge to coal plants raised by potential environmental regulation. While it is early days yet in the promulgation of greenhouse gas regulations by the EPA from stationary sources, the long-term trend towards a carbon-constrained world is clear. And to state the obvious, that trend is commonly perceived as not being good for coal plants, and to be equally obvious, at NRG, we own a lot of coal plants. However, if we can turn carbon emissions from a long-term liability into a high-margin, free cash flow generative, commodity risk-mitigating, long-term assets, then we will have accomplished quite a bit in terms of enhancing the longevity and the value of our coal-fired fleet. This is exactly why we are investing $300 million of NRG cash and in-kind equity in the WA Parish carbon capture to enhance oil recovery project. The Parish project, first and foremost, is a carbon monetization play. In this case, we monetize through oil. Our economic return will be a function of the increased productivity of the carbon-flooded field times the realizable price of the oil produced. NRG, which currently has minimal commodity price exposure to crude oil, gets paid through the oil sales with the current forward price curve, providing sufficient cushion against an oil price downdraft, as depicted in the bottom right of this Slide 6. The secondary benefit of the Parish project, obviously, is that it is a highly effective carbon hedge and the way we think about that is shown on the upper right portion of Slide 6. If and when a carbon price is imposed, the impact on Parish will be to reduce the oil price necessary for NRG to earn its minimally acceptable equity return on the project. But in light of the problems and costs -- turn to Slide 7. In light of the problems and cost overruns at other carbon capture projects, we are being asked, what about the risk? The key features of the Petra Nova project, as depicted on Slide 7, that distinguish it from the 2 other high-profile CCS projects built in recent years in Indiana and Mississippi is that the Parish project involves more established post-combustion carbon capture technology rather than precombustion IGCC technology. And the Parish project makes no attempt to alter the steam balance of the existing coal plant to provide energy for the carbon separation process. Instead, at Parish, steam for the process will be provided by a dedicated gas-fired steam generator. And that is why Parish is actually a gas-to-oil price arbitrage play rather than a coal-to-oil project. Finally, what distinguishes Parish from the projects in Indiana and Mississippi, which were both built by rate-based utilities, is that Parish is structured on classic project finance terms, with the various risks of the project warned by the partner best able to mitigate them. The technology and EPC risk of the project, in particular, is borne by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries under a fixed price, fixed schedule guaranteed performance contract. We have a very high degree of confidence in MHI and their technology, which underpins our investment in this project. In short, our Wholesale and our EPC group are very focused on making the Parish project a success, not only because it represents a sizable investment for NRG, but also because harnessing the potential of this technology is likely to be the key to the long-term longevity of our coal plants in a world where electric demand is tepid and carbon constraints, in the form of carbon pricing, are an ever-growing risk. So let me conclude my part of the presentation on Slide 8 with a few bullet points. First, our core businesses have executed superbly in the first half of the year, with solid first half financial results to show for effort. But in this, the commodity end of our business, we remain subject to the vicissitudes of the weather. Second, as we have said repeatedly over the past few years, ever since the Great Recession in fact, we see the potential for value creation in our space swinging from the wholesale side to serving the end-use energy customer, and today, NRG is taking the next big step in organizing ourselves in a manner that gives us the best chance to capture that opportunity to the maximum of our potential. Third, our sector, which is already modestly carbon constrained on the regional level, is certain -- eventually to become more carbon-constrained, and we are taking affirmative steps now not only to prepare for it, but to profit from it. And fourth, and while I did not have the time to discuss this in my comments today, the leading corporations of our time, like Unilever, all have made major commitments to sustainable behavior, including mass adoption of clean energy, and NRG is very well positioned to assist these companies in achieving their global sustainability goals. And fifth and finally, we applaud the success of NRG Yield, which continues to serve as a critical cost of capital competitive advantage for the NRG Group, and we will continue to act to ensure that NRG Yield remains the premium company in the emerging class of publicly traded yield vehicles. The future indeed is bright for NRG. So with that, I'll turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. During the second quarter, we were focused in executing our spring outage plan, a significant endeavor now that we have over 50,000 megawatts in operation, and particularly important given the hard rounds we had this past winter. We were busy integrating the Edison Mission plants into our operations. And finally, we were focused on evaluating operational improvements in our Midwest generational fleet. All of this was done while maintaining an excellent safety record well within the top decile of our industry, an accomplishment that makes us all very proud at NRG. As David pointed out, mild weather so far this summer has affected spot and forward curves, but I am pleased to say that we fared well during the second quarter. We continue to monitor and assess the prospects for the balance of the summer, but I take some comfort in the fact that our commercial team took advantage of the opportunity provided by the market after the polar vortex to increase significantly our hedges in 2015 and 2016 at prices above the current market. Finally, we continue to execute on our fleet-wide revitalization program, and most importantly, as we promised you during our last earnings call, our plants around the Edison Mission portfolio. Today, we are announcing a comprehensive operational improvement and environmental compliance plan for the Midwest Generational plants. We're doing this after only 4 months of ownership and are confident that we're putting the pieces in place for a long successful ownership. Turning to Slide 11. As you may recall, in June of last year, as part of the outcome of our operational improvement plan around GenOn acquisition, we embarked on an effort to economically optimize certain of our older facilities by converting them to different fields, with a purpose to reduce costs, comply with the new environmental regulations and respond to pricing as provided by the market. As such, I want to provide you an update on this important strategic initiative. Previously, we announced the field conversions at Avon Lake and New Castle and the reliability contract for Dunkirk. We're now moving forward with 2 additional field conversions at Portland and Shawville, one to oil and the other to gas. These units will provide needed capacity and fuel diversity to the PJM system, as well as demonstrating during the winter months. In addition, we have executed a 10-year agreement with National Grid to repower the Dunkirk station with natural gas. Moving to Slide 12. We are announcing today our optimization and enhancement plan for the Midwest Generation portfolio. This plan takes into consideration the prevailing market conditions, environmental regulations and the impact on our communities and our employees. As a result of the actions we're taking today and the $545 million that we're investing, this plan will significantly reduce our environmental footprint by lowering emissions for carbon dioxide by 60% and for SO2 and NOX by 90% and 65%, respectively. All these while expanding fuel diversity in the region. You can see the details of the plan on the left side of the slide. Powerton and Waukegan will remain on call, with upgrades to the back-end controls, specifically dry sorbent injection or DSI to control SO2 and enhancements on the electrostatic precipitator to improve particulate collection to enable us to comply with the more stringent air regulations under MATS and CPS. Joliet will be converted to natural gas, with an expected online date of 2016. Finally, and after careful consideration, we have made the difficult decision to retire Will County Unit 3 by April 2015, and we plan to keep the second unit in operation as long as we can comply with all applicable environmental requirements. The closure of Will County is a difficult decision for us, but the economics simply do not work in the current price environment, given the back-end capital investment that would be required. We will do everything we can, as we have done in the past, to make open positions around the company available to the dedicated employees at Will County, and Midwest Gen will be affected by this decisions. This plant is consistent with our core strategy of streamlining costs, repowering or closing marginal facilities given the current market environment, maintaining or expanding fuel and geographic diversity in our portfolio, reducing the environmental footprint and extending the life of existing assets that otherwise would have shut down due to more stringent environmental regulations. Importantly, and as you can see on the right side of the page, this plant and the investments required to implement will be completed with an attractive economic profile, driven by optimizing the cost structure of the remaining coal plants, driving out fixed costs through fuel conversions and by taking advantage of improved market fundamentals. We believe our investment will be completed at a very low multiple, driving significant accretion to you, our shareholders. Turning to operational performance on Slide 13. We had another quarter of strong safety results with 113 out of 126 facilities without a recordable injury, ending the quarter well within top decile performance, a significant accomplishment given the fact that we executed 171 planned outages and 614 maintenance outages so far this year. Generation for the quarter was down slightly from last year, driven primarily by a combination of planned and unplanned outages, including an extension on the refueling outage of South Texas Project Unit 1, but we had to do additional work in the stator at the main generator. The unit returned back to service in time for summer operation and has been running well. Unit 2 has also been running well, with 99.5% availability factor for the year. With the size of our fleet, it is easy to overlook great performances by individual plants. On this note, I want to take a moment to recognize the entire team at Limestone for the recent run at Unit 1, which lasted 340 consecutive days. Congratulations on a great accomplishment. As we have mentioned before, given current market conditions, we have increased our number of maintenance outages during low price periods to ensure we are available when it matters the most. This, of course, has an impact on our availability metrics, but we have been able to improve on our reliability performance during those periods, as you can see on the bottom left chart. Our gas fleet continues to perform exceedingly well with over 97% starting reliability for the year and 950 more starts compared to last year. Moving on to Slide 14. Our Retail business delivered a solid second quarter with adjusted EBITDA of $173 million, $33 million higher than last year. We delivered another quarter with robust customer growth, demonstrating the continued momentum we have in attracting and retaining customers. In addition, we were able to maintain retail margins with operations and maintenance cost per customer for the quarter down over 13% year-over-year, demonstrating results from operational improvement efforts and the scalability of our Retail platform. On a regional basis, we grew customer count in Texas by 16,000 customers for the quarter as a result of effective execution and expansion of innovative products and services, where we have observed retention rates improving by up to 25% for the customers enrolled in these products. Total volumes compared to last year were relatively flat, with the mass volumes up 26% quarter-over-quarter due to the Dominion acquisition and the C&I down by 15% due to continued discipline and commitment to profitability. In the Northeast, we grew customers by 19,000 organically for the quarter, in addition to the Dominion customer growth. Overall, the integration of Dominion's retail energy business is going well and we're seeing better-than-expected earnings and customer retention. Now turning to Slide 15, and starting with ERCOT. The second quarter was 8% cooler than the 10-year average, and so far this summer, we have not seen a single day above 100 degrees in Houston. In our power markets, it is not unusual to see an overreaction in the forwards to what is happening in the spot markets, and we believe that is the case in ERCOT, where mild weather has impacted both spot and forward prices. As you can see in the upper left chart, forward pricings are well below new build economics and do not reflect the near-term fundamentals in the market. We show spark spreads, both historical and forwards, plotted against the number of days above 98 degrees in Houston as a proxy for hot weather. Only 1 year in this chart supported new build economics. Difficult to rationalize in a market where historical net operating reserve margins have been in the single digits and forward reserve margins are at or below targets. This summer, we have the implementation of the operating reserve demand curve, designed to improve price formation during scarcity events. So far, a major disappointment to the market where the ORDC price adder has averaged less than $0.10 per megawatt hour across all hours through July. As we said on previous occasions, we support any structural changes that improve price formation in the market, but it is clear to us that ORDC is a scarcity price formation mechanism and not a resource adequacy solution. The weather forecast for next week looks better as temperatures will move into a normal range, pushing 100 degrees in several Texas cities. We believe there is plenty of time still for ORDC to be of some value this summer. As I said, the near-term fundamentals in ERCOT remains strong, as you can see in the lower chart, with reserve margins hovering around the current target reserve margin. This, in part, due to the new generation brought online this summer, which we believe was, in large part, from the hope for a potential capacity market and the expiration of the production tax spreads for wind. The natural question is, what could potentially change this perceived stable outlook? First, is the decreasing likelihood of new projects moving forward given the current and historical prices, as well as the lack of any headway on resource adequacy; second, is the increasing possibility of additional retirements, given the lack of scarcity pricing; and finally, increased probability that low growth saw prices to the upside, especially compared to what, from our perspective, looks like a low official forecast. Now moving to PJM. The results of the capacity auction was somewhat dated now, where a key component of the asset optimization plan that I discussed previously. We saw strong prices driven in large part by a decrease in imports and demand response, disciplined portfolio bidding and unit retirements offset somewhat by new gas generation. Given these capacity results, the spark spreads required to incentivize new builds are getting close to current market, and in some cases, were achieved briefly after the polar vortex. We believe the market is providing the right price signals, given the amount of generation that it needed to replace marginal coal units, and we applaud PJM for letting the market work. We remain constructive that PJM market and forward prices support our plans for the Midwest Generation fleet. Turning to our commercial update on Slide 16. We took advantage of the rally in power and gas prices resulting from the cold weather -- winter and increased our power hedges during the quarter by 33% and 15% for 2015 and 2016, bringing our total hedge levels to 84% and 40%, respectively. With respect to coal, we felt it was prudent to rebalance our coal hedges to match our power position and lock in large spreads for our plants. Coal inventory levels remain adequate for the summer, with rate performance showing some improvement. Some brief comments on the PJM '17, '18 capacity auction. There were some speculation about the number of megawatts that we clear in the auction. While in the past we have not provided specific numbers, I wanted to provide you some assurance that the results were a net positive for NRG and that we clear virtually all megawatts that we offer into the auction. As we move through the summer, all of us at NRG stand ready to take advantage of any summer weather and its corresponding market opportunity. We're moving to execute on the plan that we laid out for you around the Midwest Generation fleet and will continue to manage our commodity exposure, given current market conditions for 2015. With that, I will turn the call over to Kirk.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning, everyone. Turning to the financial summary on Slide 18, NRG is reporting second quarter 2014 adjusted EBITDA of $671 million, including $389 million from Wholesale, $173 million from Retail and $109 million from NRG Yield. Through the first half of the year, adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.487 billion, approximately $1 billion from Wholesale, $281 million from Retail and $201 million from NRG Yield. Turning to highlights. At the second quarter end, we successfully completed the first drop-down transaction with NRG Yield for the first 3 ROFO assets previously announced in the first quarter. This transaction resulted in $357 million in cash consideration, increasing capital available at the NRG level. NRG now intends to offer this quarter a second set of additional assets to NRG Yield, representing approximately $120 million in adjusted EBITDA and $35 million in annual cash available for distribution, or CAFD, allowing us to target closing the transaction and the resulting NRG capital replenishment by the end of this year. Over the past 2 weeks, NRG Yield successfully priced and closed its first-ever equity follow-on offering in an inaugural green bond offering resulting in approximately $1.1 billion in total net proceeds, not only fully funding the cash needs for the upcoming close of the Alta Wind transaction, but providing a significant capital surplus at NRG Yield, which can be used to fund future drop-downs. Finally, as Mauricio reviewed earlier, we have now completed our review of capital expenditures for the 4 Midwest Generation assets and plan to spend approximately $545 million in total to ensure not only environmental compliance, but efficient operations and long-term financial performance at these facilities. Approximately $130 million of the total capital spend from Midwest Gen will take place in 2014 and is already reflected in environmental CapEx in our free cash flow before growth investments guidance. Turning to guidance on Slide 19. We are maintaining our guidance ranges for both adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow for 2014. However, absent above-average weather over the balance of the summer or colder weather later in the year, we expect our actual financial results for 2014 would be towards the lower end of these ranges. While our guidance range for Retail remains unchanged, we've made equal and offsetting changes to both Wholesale and NRG Yield guidance to reflect the impact of the successful completion of our first ROFO drop-down on June 30. Specifically, we're reducing the Wholesale component of guidance by $100 million with a corresponding increase to NRG Yield guidance. This shift in EBITDA is based on GAAP accounting requirements and reflects the full year contribution of the 3 ROFO assets to NRG Yield's financial results. We will follow this approach, which merely reflects the accounting impact to both historical results as well as guidance for each drop-down, regardless of when these transactions might close within a given year. Our EBITDA and free cash flow guidance also reflect the expected impact of our growing residential solar business. In total, the residential solar component of 2014 EBITDA contained within the Wholesale guidance is approximately $40 million in negative EBITDA. As I mentioned on our first quarter call, the residential solar business does not lend itself to traditional financial metrics such as EBITDA, which, largely, in that business, consist of customer acquisition and overhead expenses incurred in driving robust lease revenue growth in future periods, while current revenue is a function of leases previously placed in service. As the business grows and matures, we expect the positive cash flow from leases augmented by cross-selling benefits from the NRG Home platform will outpace expenses to deliver positive cash flow to NRG. We will be providing additional detail in the coming months on how we see this business adding to shareholder value, including our expectations for lease volume growth, plans for monetizing future cash flows to realize cash benefits on a more immediate basis, cross-selling opportunities, capital cost and net value to NRG. Turning next to the liquidity update on Slide 20. NRG's total liquidity on a consolidated basis stands at approximately $3 billion as of June 30, 2014, prior to the impact of the excess proceeds from the NRG Yield equity and debt offerings following the quarter end, which we expect to contribute an additional $188 million to overall liquidity. During the second quarter, we continued our efforts to extend NRG unsecured debt maturities, while taking advantage of market opportunities to reduce overall interest cost on an opportunistic basis. NRG's issuance of $1 billion of 10-year senior notes permitted us to redeem approximately $780 million of our 2019 senior notes via tender offer during the past quarter, and we have subsequently issued a call notice to redeem the remaining $225 million of the 2019 notes. In addition to more than doubling the maturity versus the notes redeemed, this refinancing transaction will result in additional interest savings of $16 million annually, which, when combined with our successful refinancing of $400 million in the first quarter, represents approximately $25 million in total annual interest savings from refinancing transactions this year. Subsequent to the quarter end, NRG Yield successfully completed its first follow-on equity offering, raising $630 million in net proceeds at a share price of $54, and just last week, Yield successfully completed its first-ever bond offering, a green bond, raising approximately $500 million in 10-year notes at a 5 3/8% coupon. These 2 capital raises by NRG Yield generated approximately $1.1 billion in net proceeds, which significantly exceeds the estimated $934 million cash funding needs for the Alta Wind transaction, which we expect will close this quarter. The resulting $188 million of additional surplus liquidity at NRG Yield can be used to support future growth, including NRG's planned offer to NRG Yield of a second group of assets this quarter. Turning to an update on progress and intended timing of future drop-downs to NRG Yield on Slide 21. NRG intends to offer a second set of assets from the portfolio of NRG Yield eligible assets we acquired on April 1 for acquisition by NRG Yield later this quarter, building on the success of our first-ever drop-down and anticipated to further increase capital available at the NRG level. Specifically, during the quarter, we intend to offer NRG Yield Walnut Creek, a 500 megawatt natural gas-fired asset, under a 10-year capacity contract with Southern California Edison; Tapestry, a 200 megawatt portfolio of wind assets under 20-year contracts with various off-takers; and Laredo Ridge, an 81 megawatt wind asset also under a 20-year PPA. These assets, comprising approximately 800 megawatts in total, are expected to generate around $120 million in annual EBITDA and approximately $35 million in annual cash bill for distribution, bringing the total CAFD made available to NRG Yield by NRG from drop-downs to $65 million in 2014. Following the second drop-down, which we are targeting to negotiate and close prior to year end, NRG still has NRG Yield eligible assets totaling approximately 1.3 gigawatts and representing an additional $100 million of CAFD and $215 million of adjusted EBITDA, which we intend to offer to NRG Yield over the course of the next 5 years, hoping to drive dividend growth at Yield, while continuing to replenish capital at NRG. Given the strong liquidity at Yield now augmented by the excess cash from recent offerings and our current equity ownership of approximately 55% following the recent equity issuance at Yield, we would expect a consideration to NRG for the second drop-down later this year to consist entirely of cash. Finally, updating our capital allocation progress and plans on Slide 22. The excess cash proceeds from the NRG Yield debt and equity offerings serve to increase overall 2014 capital available for allocation by $188 million versus the prior quarter update. To date, we have allocated approximately $1.8 billion of 2014 available capital, $1.1 billion of which has been towards value-enhancing acquisitions such as Edison Mission, with the remainder balanced across debt repayment activities, which now includes the cost related to our successful unsecured refinancing at NRG earlier this year; return of shareholder capital via dividends; and reinvestment in optimizing our generation assets. The remaining $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion of available capital, which is important to remember is the projected number at the end of 2014 rather than the excess cash available right now, resides at 3 different levels of the consolidated capital structure for which we have different priorities based on the needs and opportunities at each level. I've broken out these 3 levels at the bottom of the slide based on the midpoint of our total remaining excess cash across 2014. First, at GenOn, we expect to deploy approximately $440 million of the $650 million 2014 excess to fund completing the previously announced fuel conversions at Avon Lake and New Castle and our latest fuel conversion projects at Portland and Shawville, hoping to improve the future cash flow profile at GenOn. Turning to NRG Yield, we expect approximately $280 million in excess cash by year end, which can be used to help fund the purchase of the second set of drop-down assets I spoke about earlier, the total purchase price for which we increase capital dollar-for-dollar at the NRG level. Finally, at the NRG corporate level, where we expect the balance of $305 million and remaining excess cash, which would be augmented by drop-down proceeds, we continue to see potential opportunities on the M&A front, but expect this would be more likely taking the form of smaller bolt-on type transactions across all of our businesses rather than acquisitions from big conventional power plant portfolios. The remaining surplus capital provides potential base for our 2015 commitments, which include the majority of the capital spend for Midwest Gen optimization. With that, I'll turn it back to David to move to Q&A.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk. And Ben, I think that we used a lot of time, but I think we've got 15 or 20 minutes left for questions. So why don't we open the phones for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is actually Paul Zimbardo. Question on Slide 12, with the $545 million compliance plan, can you kind of share some background on your thoughts for where that splits up between those plants and just kind of what your thought process was on undertaking each plant's project.
David W. Crane: Mauricio, go ahead.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, so we took a couple of things in consideration. One of the gating items, clearly, was the capacity auction results from the '17, '18 auction, but more importantly, the previous 3 years that gave us some visibility and some comfort on the outlook that we have for the PJM market. For us, the value proposition for Powerton and Waukegan is to remain on call and make the investment on the back-end controls to comply with MATS and CPS. Joliet, clearly was a -- we cannot justify putting the back-end controls. We looked at which of these assets have better access to natural gas supply, and Joliet was the one that had the best location for that. And with respect to Will County, first, is the, I guess, justifying the environmental CapEx for Will County was just not possible under the current market conditions. We're moving forward to retire that Unit 3 on '15 and then we'll continue to operate Unit 4 so long it just -- it complies with MATS. But we did a comprehensive analysis of all the plants. We look at which ones could be converted to a different fuel. We took into consideration capacity and current market prices. We look at the spend optimization that we could do given the -- we did a pro forma benchmark analysis on all of these facilities to evaluate what fixed cost we could take out, and basically, this was a result of that entire analysis.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And do you have a timeline for the testing on Will County Unit 4?
David W. Crane: You mean, how long it can continue operating with -- do we have a specific timeline on it?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, we're looking at -- we're doing the testing, as we speak, right now. We believe that we will be in compliance for MATS and that's why we're laying it out for operation through 2018.
David W. Crane: Paul, I mean, I do want to just generally add to what Mauricio said. I mean NRG on the wholesale generation side, I've always thought that the best way to be in that market was with a fuel-diversified portfolio, and certainly, the lessons from the polar vortex this winter was having a fuel-diversified portfolio was definitely the way to go. So we've taken into account all that Mauricio mentioned, but we also -- we very much want to continue to be multi-fuel in all of our core markets because we think that's the best way to play constraints on the fuel side, whether -- particularly within natural gas, whether it be with the commodity itself or with the transportation in times of scarcity. So we think, both with the GenOn assets and now with the Midwest Gen assets that, that's sort of the overriding theme that we're trying to accomplish.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: You didn't mention anything about California. We saw in late July that San Diego Gas & Electric requested the approval for a PPA for your Carlsbad Energy Center. And also, we haven't really heard from SoCal Ed [ph] about their portion of gas-driven replacement for SONGS. Could you comment on your potential contracts there?
David W. Crane: Well, Angie, it's always best to -- we always like to promise things that we know we can deliver on it. We're very pleased with San Diego Gas & Electric's submission of the power purchase agreement. But if we were to comment on, we would have been commenting on when do we think it'll be approved by the California Public Utility Commission and predicting when government acts is something that we just don't get in the business of. But we're very excited about that project. We think it's a very good project for the state of California. We think it's a very good project, ultimately, for NRG Yield, and we look forward to the day that the California Public Utility Commission acts upon that PPA, so that we can continue to add to the stability of electricity supply in Southern California. As to the Southern California Edison procurement, I think that, adversely, everything that happens in the Southern California Edison procurement is subject to confidentiality agreements. So I think I would limit myself at this point to say we don't know when they will make decisions. I think it would be fair for you to assume that NRG was responsive to virtually every aspect of what Southern California Edison was looking for in their request for a proposal. And we'd actually be very excited to participate in both conventional generation and what I think they referred to as preferred resources. So you may have to ask them as to what their timing is, but certainly we're excited about it.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: So -- but SoCal Ed [ph] has made announcements about renewables. How much of gas-fired capacity are they trying to procure?
David W. Crane: I'm not sure I can answer that question, Angie. Let us -- we'll get a response back to you on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Dave, you wrote on your blog a bit about carbon and some of your thoughts there. I'm wondering if you could just apply that to Texas and give us at a high level your thoughts on the implications, if the EPA rule passes as is enacted as proposed, how you think about the implications for the Texas business. Obviously, Petra Nova is a great strategic step to consider that, but can you just talk more broadly about your Texas business in carbon?
David W. Crane: Well, I mean the first thing, which is -- I think it's fair to say we submitted comments to the EPA rule, and we don't think that the EPA rule is currently promulgated as fair, and we particularly think it's unfair to the Gulf States and to Texas. So I would start by saying my hope that the rule doesn't get promulgated exactly as it is today. If it does get promulgated, it sort of depends on where the price of carbon lays out to. It's clearly not good for the coal-fired plants in Texas. I'm not sure that there's a way for Texas to comply with the rule as provided without significant retirement on the coal side. What knock-on implications that has for a state that -- contrary to my sort of doom and gloom in my opening comments about how they're weakening fundamentals, sort of Texas is the exception with 300,000 people moving into Texas every year and all that. So I would definitely call a strain on the system from our perspective. I mean that's -- as you alluded to, that's why Petra Nova is such an important project because coal plants in the United States are getting to a point where it's very Darwin-istic, it's survival of the fittest. And if putting carbon capture on the back of Parish, which is our biggest coal plant in our entire fleet, I think it's the biggest coal plant or the second biggest coal plant in the entire country, if that can help Parish and certainly we've contemplated the same at Limestone, survive in a market where other plants are having to come offline, it should just add to the value of those plants. And so that's our strategy, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. And shifting over to solar, it sounds like in the coming months, you'll speak more specifically to it. I wondered if you could just talk at a high level in terms of how competitive you see the playing field there. It looks like it's a very large addressable market and very small penetration rates. But just curious, as you look at both commercial and residential opportunities, does it -- do you often run into competitors? Is it relatively competitive? Or does it feel like the -- because the penetration level is so low, that the opportunity set's pretty rich?
David W. Crane: Yes, there's a lot there, Stephen. And you're right. For the most part, we're sort of trying to avoid too much discussion about our strategy and our implementation plan and the sort of distributed solar space until we're fully ready to go because it is a highly competitive market and it's a very fluid market right now. With the success that SolarCity has had in the -- basically on Wall Street, there's a lot of shaking out just within the residential solar space. So what I would say there -- and the market does actually divide quite neatly on that front, is that residential solar, it seems a lot like distributed solar in terms of business-to-business, but apart from the solar panel, it's really a completely different business. It's sold differently, it's financed differently and all that. And in our company, you'll be handled by 2 different parts of the company. So you're right, even though there's very little penetration, I think I don't -- I think SolarCity, who's obviously the biggest player in the field, is saying they're going to do 80,000 installations this year. That's in a market, an addressable market that's been estimated across 20 states as 16 million homes. And so while you do focus on the next guy more for sort of internal morale purposes, more than one company has room to succeed in the residential solar space, and certainly, we expect to be one of those companies. And like I said, we'll talk more about that in the future. For us, on the business-to-business side, Stephen, the key is how do you downsize and do a lot of projects quickly, and our focus in that area is because, the age-old maxim, a 1 megawatt project requires as much structuring as a 100 megawatt project. That applies in renewables, as well as in conventional. But what we're looking to do -- and we've announced sort of starter deals with Starwood and Unilever is sort of getting into a world of one customer, multiple projects. So our first deal with Starwood was 3 hotels within their chain, but it's not lost upon us or them that they have 1,200 hotels worldwide. So that's really our -- what we're focused on in the business-to-business side, and it's early days there, but we certainly hope to be very successful and have a lot to talk to you about in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra of TPH.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: On the Midwest Generation side, does the asset optimization include kind of all the synergies that you guys have looked at in the business? Or is there possibly more kind of cost reductions to make that imply the EV-to-EBITDA multiple look better?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, I mean, we took a holistic view of the entire Midwest Generation portfolio, and it does include all the operational synergies from reducing fixed costs to the spend optimization initiative to field conversions and the current market conditions, given the outcome on the capacity auction and the recent dark spread. So I mean, it is a comprehensive look at the value proposition for Midwest Gen.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then with the Dominion retail customers, you mentioned that you're getting better-than-expected earnings and customer retention rate. Can you just outline the drivers behind that? What has kind of been the upside surprise?
David W. Crane: Neel, Elizabeth Killinger is going to answer that question for you.
Elizabeth Killinger: Yes, so we are seeing better-than-expected retention, in particular in our Northeast markets, driven probably by the experience they're having with the transition and that is that we're delivering on their commitments and giving them a warm welcome. On the earnings side, we attribute that to our effective margin management and understanding what the customer segments need to -- in order to stay with us. So we're real excited about that and look forward to that being a very successful integration over the coming months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Cohen of ISI Group.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Question, one of your competitors on their earnings call just announced a big new combined cycle project in PJM, and on current forward curves, it looks like it's a pretty decent return on equity near term. But given your view on how the power market is going to evolve with low demand and more distributed generation, is that something that you would ever consider, like putting that much money to work in baseload assets, 20-year life assets?
David W. Crane: Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean the way we understand the project, it's a brownfield development and it has a cost competitive advantage vis-à-vis a greenfield development project. So I think I said that the market in PJM is getting close to cost of new entry. We had very strong capacity results. Spark spreads have been trending closer to greenfield development. The one thing -- and you pointed it out, I mean these are investments that have gone over 25-, 30-year length -- in length. Clearly, one data point is not going to justify making that investment. What we're seeing is, we're just very constructive on the PJM market. We think margins and -- capacity prices and margins are more sustainable than what we may have heard from other folks, and that's why we also went ahead and did the investment on the Midwest Generation fleet.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And do you -- I mean, have you looked for similar sort of brownfield-type opportunities where you have some cost advantages for new build or...
David W. Crane: Jon, yes, I mean, look, I think in terms of building new power plants, our advantage -- I mean, we have more projects than anyone. I mean basically -- in fact, brownfield versus greenfield, I can't actually remember the last time that we actually looked at a greenfield. I guess it was the one in [indiscernible]. So we are looking at brownfield all the time, and we ask and expect through our regional organizations that every power plant that we have had sort of the best option for either repowering, renewal, and so we're all about brownfield. But every brownfield we've done, we take advantage of the cost advantage in brownfield just like our competitors because it's real. But I mean every one we've done in recent years has a long-term contract. I do think there would be opportunities to make money in terms of conventional wholesale generation in the future, but particularly in the Northeast, they're going to come up because there's going to be imbalances created when sort of too many plants like -- retire. And I think if you look at the history of the curve, cost of new entrant pricing is not reached as often as -- the peaks are much more limited than the valleys. And so when the peaks come, you pretty much have to be there with megawatts at that time. You can't sort of say, well, this is a good time for me to start permitting a plant and then take 3 years to build it. And so one of the things I like about the -- we're not -- certainly, as you know from today in terms of the investment in the Midwest Gen fleet, we are by no means starving the Wholesale side of our business from capital to sort of succeed over the next 20, 30 years. But in terms of even where the business is repositioning, one of the things I like about the Retail side of the business is the best earned is large in terms of hundreds of millions of dollars in a merchant plant, hoping that you'll be right over the next 30 years. So I very much like the balance of our capital allocation in terms of how we're investing sort of across from Wholesale to Retail.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a high-level question. It seems like over the last few years, NRG has kind of evolved and has become a very big and complex company, multifaceted and fingers in a lot of different pies. Do you worry that at some point, the company becomes too difficult to analyze or the story becomes too difficult to tell and that you start to turn off certain investors?
David W. Crane: Yes, I mean I think we were -- I mean I think that the -- I mean I think that's a different way of saying what I tried to say today is that, I mean the revelation for us for Yield, which we -- we struggled with the Yield idea for 2 years and worried about how the market would ever value our contracted solar assets, and we knew the market didn't pay any attention to our contracted assets, which I think, before Yield, consist of about 15% of our -- the market can only look at so many things. So even just within generation, they look at the 85% merchant exposure rather than the 15% contracted. So we actually think that while sort of the way we're organizing that was announced today may seem more complex, to us it simplifies the story, both from the investor's perspective but also from a management perspective. The way we're organized going forward allows senior executives of the team to sort of focus in their area and win in their area because each area is pretty distinct. I mean they're mutually reinforcing, but each has different competitors. And each -- as Kirk was going through, you can't value residential solar success on an EV-to-EBITDA basis. So we actually are very mindful of we want to get the benefits of having the multiplicity of assets and opportunities we have, but we want to simplify it for purposes of investment and value recognition, as well as value creation. So we're trying, Jon. And any advice you have on that, feel free to send us an email. Ben, we've gone past 10:00 and knowing it's August, I don't want to burn people too much, but we'll take 2 more calls if we can, and I'll try and be briefer in my answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you give us a little bit of the puts and takes when we start thinking about capital spending for next year and maybe even for '16? What's different now than anything you've kind of previously disclosed? Just trying to kind of balance things up in terms of what's happening on the CapEx side for the next couple of years and what that means for free cash flow.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, first of all, we'll certainly provide you specific guidance around free cash flow in '15 as we normally do in the third quarter of the year. But looking ahead of that, which is why, as David talks about priorities and I, in answer, disclosure around exactly where that remaining capital resides, and as I said, those priorities are a little different. I think how it's evolved is we're much more focused on the future of the business, not ignoring opportunities to continue to enhance generation. But as we've said, the capital allocation focus is going to be on kind of smaller bolt-on -- bias towards a smaller bolt-on acquisition side as far as M&A is concerned. And the capital spend, certainly, we're mindful of, in the relatively near term, rounding out and completing the capital spend for Midwest Gen optimization and also the expanded asset optimization from the GenOn portfolio I spoke to you before. So I think we're much more focused on the future of NRG, especially around NRG Home on the Retail side, that's a small bolt-on acquisition, and just completing the optimization plans as we move forward.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I think about what's happening on just CapEx and not total capital allocation, but just -- and I know this is just kind of one narrow window of it, but it seems that there's what could be a pretty decent and material uptake in CapEx in 2015 and maybe 2016 on the existing fleet before things start kind of coming back down in the 2017 and beyond time frame. I mean, I'm just trying to -- I think about maintenance capital then the CapEx on Edison Mission, really the Midwest Gen units, as well as some of the work Big Cajun related and then things could -- should kind of tail off. Am I kind of just directionally thinking about that right?
Kirkland B. Andrews: I think you're thinking about it exactly right. I mean in 2015 and 2016, it would represent the bulk of that remaining largely environmental CapEx, and in addition, that environmental CapEx is actually, as you know, above the line in terms of what we define as free cash flow and then obviously allocating it towards the operational improvements we spoke about before. So I think the capital intensity on that front is really most acutely focused in those 2 years, '15 and '16.
David W. Crane: Well -- and Kirk, asking Michael's next question for him, I mean, but -- and even between '15 and '16, with the real focus, the blip that Michael's referring to actually being driven by this Midwest Gen and the -- and even finishing off the GenOn asset management, I mean that's much more '15 and '16, isn't that right?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, the bulk of that, especially on Midwest Gen, is certainly in '15 and then it begins to tail off a little bit more in '16, yes.
David W. Crane: Yes.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Gregg Orrill of Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So on the Joliet repowering and synergies on the Midwest Gen portfolio, the $120 million of asset optimization, et cetera, how much of that is the Joliet conversion in there? And then I had one other question.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, I mean I would say that we're not going to break out the overall $545 million across individual assets. But obviously, that $545 million, within that number is the smaller subset that we previously committed to as part of the PoJo leases. So that obviously conforms to what we committed to the lease holders, therefore, Powerton and Joliet as well.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So a decent share of the $100 million to $120 million?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes. I mean I would say it's relatively ratable across those, but I'm not going to break out the asset optimization impact that comes off of that on an individual asset basis.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe the elephant in the room a little bit, just in terms of the capital allocation, just following up there. You didn't mention anything about a buyback of any size. How are you thinking about that?
David W. Crane: Well, I think the way we're thinking about that right now, and it sort of goes back to Michael's -- the answer to Michael's question is, as we look forward in the immediate future, we see a need for available capital that we think have greater long run value than share buyback. We have a record of doing a lot of share buybacks over the last 10 years and so -- I think 7, in fact, in the 10 years that I've been here. So we'll come back to that issue in 2015, but I think for now we -- or the capital allocation is going to be pretty much like laid out by Kirk at the end of his -- of the presentation. Anyway, Ben, thank you very much, and I appreciate everyone taking the time, and sorry, we went 10 minutes over, but enjoy the rest of your summer, and we'll look forward to talking to you in the fall. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Crane – President, Chief Executive Officer Kirk Andrews – EVP, Chief Financial Officer Mauricio Gutierrez – EVP, Chief Operating Officer Chris Moser – Head of Commercial Operations Chad Plotkin – VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Jon Cohen - ISI Group Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Inc. First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chad Plotkin, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Shannon and good morning everyone. I’d like to welcome you to NRG’s first quarter 2014 earnings call. This morning’s call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast which can be located on our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call, associated presentation material, as well as a replay of the call on the Investor Relations section of our website. Because this call, including the presentation and Q&A session will be limited to one hour, we ask that you limit yourself to only one question with just one follow-up. In addition, as this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG’s perspective. Before we begin, I urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today’s presentation which explains the risks and uncertainties associated with future events and the forward-looking statements made in today’s press release and presentation material. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is Tuesday, May 5, 2014 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. During this morning’s call, we’ll refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company’s operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today’s press release and this presentation. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to David Crane, NRG’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Chad. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Joining me today are Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer, and Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer, and both of them will be participating in the presentation. Also with me is Chris Moser who runs Commercial Operations for the company and will be available to answer any specific questions you have in that regard. So let's get right into it because as usual we have a lot to talk about today. So if you are following on the presentation, turning to Slide 3 I mean clearly we had a good first quarter. The strength of our financial performance which you anticipated has been commonly attributed to the severe weather which we experienced during the quarter no more by you out there than by we ourselves. Indeed, in the first draft of the quarterly press release I think the exceptional weather was mentioned at least eight times. But there are lessons to be learned from the different financial outcomes experienced by the power companies active in our core markets that operated their businesses under the very same weather conditions. First and foremost of these lessons is the reaffirmation of the point that we have been making about the merchant generation business for the past decade which is that the best way to out earn your cost of capital in the IPP business is to operate and trade a base load fleet that runs on multiple fuels. In other words, from a commodity perspective, NRG makes money by selling coal and uranium at natural gas prices. And that proposition worked very well for us in the first quarter of 2014. The atmospherics, if you will, around the first quarter weather also have tended to obscure the fact that it took an exceptional operating performance from both our plant operations folks and our commercial operations team to navigate successfully through the unprecedented technical challenges and commercial volatility that we experienced this quarter. So first I want to express my profound gratitude to Mauricio and his entire operations team for their total dedication and magnificent performance during the quarter. NRG's success is their success. Personally, I had absolutely nothing to do with it. My role was only to sit on the sideline and to applaud. Second, I am very mindful of the fact that our customers had a difficult time of it this winter. Individual monthly energy bills this winter averaged hundreds of dollars in excess of recent winters. There is little consolation I can offer these customers in respect to this past winter but in terms of the future, I want our customers to know that NRG is moving fast to put itself in a position to offer a full range of distributed generation and comprehensive home and efficiency solutions that have the potential to meaningfully reduce people's energy bills over time. Now turning to Slide 4. While we were very focused during the quarter on keeping the lights on for our customers and delivering a positive upside to our shareholders, it also was a very active quarter for us in terms of positioning NRG for future success. Most notably through the three strategic acquisitions which appear on this page. The biggest of the acquisitions to close was obviously the Edison Mission Energy transaction. With respect to EME's base load plans in and around Chicago, we are well into duplicating the evaluation process we used during the early post-closing stage of the GenOn integration. As you will recall, in GenOn it took us six months to fully assess our options and only then did we announce our asset synergy plan. In the case of Midwest Gen, the good news is that we do not believe it will take us another six months to develop an articulate a fully thought out asset plan. The less good news is that it will take us more than the five weeks that we have had to date. So I promise you that as soon as we have an asset plan with respect to Midwest Gen that we are comfortable with, we will brief you on its contents and its projected financial impact on the company. Moving to Slide 5. I would like to make one observation about the political and regulatory situation in Illinois as it affects the Midwest Gen fleet. A few weeks back at an event in Chicago, I made some comments on Exelon's public policy positions with respect to their distressed nuclear assets in Illinois. Press reports of my comments focused almost exclusively on the fact that I perceived great irony in the fact that Exelon seemed to be seeking some sort of subsidy for their existing nuclear plants, ostensibly on the grounds that nuclear is zero carbon energy, at the very same time that Exelon was actively lobbying for an end to several tax breaks for zero carbon wind and solar. My main point that day in Chicago however was different and it's worth clarifying here today. I am not fundamentally opposed to subsidies if the primary goal of the new subsidy is to ensure that enough existing base load capacity is retained in the market to provide reliability even during severe weather events affecting the system. But in this regard I would note that our coal plants on the outskirts of Chicago can keep the lights on as well if not better than operationally inflexible nuclear plants located further away from the load center. As a result, it is our opinion that any scheme devised in the future to keep existing solid fuel fired capacity alive in Illinois as a necessary base load complement to all the wind generation coming into Illinois from the Dakotas, should treat Midwest Gen's fleet as well if not better than economically marginal nuclear plants. What is going on in Illinois is basically a question of how do we maintain base load fuel diversity long-term across all markets in a world which is becoming increasingly carbon constrained. The obvious solution is to take the carbon out of the existing coal plants post combustion. Today I am very pleased to inform you, and this is shown on Slide 6, of Petra Nova, our carbon capture to enhanced oil recovery or CCEOR project at our giant Parish coal-fired plant outside Houston. The Petra Nova project effectively will sequester 1.6 million tons per year of carbon into nearby oil fields. In so doing, it will enable oil production that will provide the economic return we need in an environment where there is not yet a price on carbon. Petra Nova is scheduled for financial closing and notice to proceed in just a few short weeks. Petra Nova is a win-win-win project and that’s just from NRG's perspective. First it's a win for us because it provides a meaningful carbon hedge for Parish. Second, it's a win for us in that it diversifies our commodity exposure and allows us to realize our economic return from the project through the price of crude oil. And third and finally as you can tell by the map on this page, our three major coal plants on the Gulf Coast which are amongst the youngest and more important of all the coal plants in our fleet. Each sit astride oil fields that are candidates for enhanced oil recovering using CO2. In my opinion, the ability to economically capture carbon post-combustion at these three plants is not only a potentially lucrative source of additional revenue for the company. It means that the average remaining life of these coal assets or their residual value for the (indiscernible) will be significantly greater than it was before carbon capture became a reality. We will brief you more fully about Petra Nova at the time of the deal closing, which as I said we expect later next month. Now turning to Slide 7. We have made no secret in recent years of our belief that the future of competitive retail energy supply lay in providing a broader range of energy and energy related products and services, both inside the home and on the home. And the key to future success in retail will be to win the hearts and minds and loyalty of home-owners in all of the markets in which we participate. We have been hard at work growing our mass retail business organically. Adding net customer counts, staying top decile in customer satisfaction surveys and expanding into new markets. And importantly, becoming good and leasing and the other critical behind the scenes aspects of residential solar. In the second quarter this year we bought Roof Diagnostics Solar which is involved all across the residential solar value chain but whose particular strength is both customer acquisition and installation. These areas of expertise are both critical points of differentiation for NRG from the perspective of turning residential solar from a primarily local business supplied largely by self-employed roofers and HVAC companies to a big, fast-growing and exciting business being performed by reputable companies like NRG which are in a better position to stand behind their performance for the long term. We have worked with RDS as partners even before the acquisition and I am convinced that working together under one roof so to speak, we will build a top tier residential solar franchise that both will benefit and benefit from very close association with our conventional retail businesses. Our goal of course is to seamlessly offer residential solar to our three million conventional retail customers and conversely to offer system power and other energy products and services to our much smaller but very fast growing roster of residential solar customers. Finally, on Slide 8, we are highlighting one of the most value optimizing opportunities from within the EME deal, the high quality wind asset portfolio with long-term contracts which provides yet another substantial pipeline of contracted assets eligible for drop-down to NRG Yield. We have been hard at work since the NRG Yield IPO last summer and making sure that energy yield is the highest quality vehicle of its time with the most diverse set of operating assets and an attractive growth pipeline. All these goals were amply served by the EME acquisition. We remain convinced that the highest growth opportunity for NRG in solar, wind and other clean energy solutions is migrating from the utility scale deals that have previously been our principle focus, to the business to business and business to consumer solar markets, both of which are potentially enormous. In these markets, NRG Yield and the certainty and competitive cost of capital that it can offer for bundled portfolios of B2B and B2C deals, will be an enduring competitive advantage for NRG. So let me conclude on Slide 9 with a bit of a situational analysis on NRG's positioning within the American Energy industry from the perspective of a potential investor in this space. I have been very open over the past several months in stating my conviction that our industry is on the cusp of disruptive change. That new energy technologies now cost effective and available to be deployed at scale will transform the traditional power sector and the vertically integrated utilities which have dominated it since the 1930s. Every day I see developments in our business and our society that convince me that this disruptive change is now upon us and that there is no turning back. As a result, our priority internally has been to move faster and more effectively so that we can win in energy future that is going to be significantly cleaner, more distributed and less uniform than the present command and control, one size fits all system. From your perspective as investors it must be an incredibly exciting time filled with investment opportunity. Think of 50 million American homes each with a distributed solar system at $20,000 a pop on average. That represents a trillion dollar market opportunity. And certainly the valuation levels ascribed by the market to early movers in the distributed generation space indicates that the stock market recognizes the extraordinary blue sky potential of distributed generation. But trying to invest in the market opportunity of distributed solar right now as a public company investor basically means investing in the very few pure play residential solar companies that have gone public. And that strategy is not without risks. You are betting that the early movers continues to be the market leaders even in the face of bigger companies like NRG coming into the space. You are betting that the distributed generation market has a breakout sooner rather than later and you are betting that the path to real and sustained profitability in the distributed generation space not only eventually reveals itself but reveals itself in the business of the company that you have chosen to invest. On the far other side of the power industry sits the traditional investor-owned utilities and independent power producers. As the EEI itself correctly foretold in January last year, investors in the conventional power sector contemplating a long-term investment in the electric supply industry will soon realize that they are not being paid enough to take the risk of systemic disruption that suddenly confronts the conventional power companies. There are plenty of power companies in addition to NRG who performed well during the Polar Vortex and achieved a strong first quarter result. But what is the long-term future for companies that depend exclusively on the sale of system power delivered over an increasingly obsolete and unreliable grid to a population of consumers and businesses that more and more will be relying less and less on grid delivered power for their energy needs. Conventional power companies should have a long-term strategy for that and as we look around the industry we just don’t see it. And that leaves the field clear, at least clear of incumbent power companies for NRG. So NRG in my opinion represents a very different and increasingly unique value proposition. A proposition that is demonstrated both in terms of current financial performance as measured in the incontrovertible reality of our robust free cash flow. And the almost limitless future potential growth opportunity that distributed energy represents for us. We expect to realize on this opportunity by harnessing the reciprocal benefits of fusing our nearly 3 million retail customers, conventional retail franchise, with our emerging residential solar capability as I have mentioned before. No one else has the platform we have in this regard and we intend to leverage our strategic advantages quickly and as completely as possible. So if you are an investor contemplating investment in this space, we hope you will consider investing in NRG, NRG Yield or both and come along on what we expect to be an exciting ride into the clean energy future. With that I will turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: David, thank you and good morning everyone. As you all know during the quarter we experienced extreme weather conditions and unprecedented price volatility in our core markets. But it was the diversity of our generation portfolio, our integrated business model, and most importantly the excellent performance from our plant operations and commercial operations teams that allowed us to deliver record financial results for the quarter. I want to thank all my colleagues for their outstanding performance. And while we are only now sharing this success with you, I want to assure you that everyone at NRG has already turned the page and we are now focused on getting ready for the summer. The events of this past quarter brought out the best of NRG but it also helped highlight some of the shortcomings of our electric system. It is clear to us that we need to improve the coordination between power and gas markets, recognize the value of fuel diversity through competitive market signals as David pointed out, and ensure a reliable transition as we implement new environmental regulations that could lead to significant capacity retirements. We are working closely with regulators and stakeholders to continue improving our competitive markets. Our integrated platform performed significantly well during the quarter with the wholesale business more than offsetting the challenges faced by retail, given the increased price volatility and higher loads. But the fact that we were able to sustain retail margins under these circumstances is an example of how robust our risk management capabilities are. With all the changes that we have made in our portfolio over the past 18 months and since I know many of you have asked about the recent ruling by the Supreme Court regarding CSAPR, it seems appropriate to provide you an update on our environmental compliance plan. This is an important year for us with over $230 million of CapEx planned for this year, primarily at Big Cajun, Conemaugh and our New Jersey [peaking] (ph) assets. All of which are on-schedule and on budget. In total, we are still projecting $326 million in environmental spend over the next four years excluding any impact related to the closing of Edison Mission. With respect to Edison Mission, we are also working diligently to optimize the existing environmental compliance planned for the Midwest Generation assets. We are applying the same optimization process used with GenOn across all the new assets not just environmental compliance, and expect the same good results in terms of operational synergies but in a much shorter timeframe. With respect to the CSAPR decision, the Supreme Court reversed the lower court's decision that had vacated the rule and extending it back to the lower court for further proceedings. This is clearly a win for EPA but there is still a number of open issues that need to be resolved. We do not expect any significant change to our current environmental compliance plan from the resurrection of CSAPR. We anticipate the existing [care] (ph) program to remain in place for sometime while some of the legal and procedural issues are addressed. Turning to operational performance on Slide 12. We had another quarter of top quartile safety performance with a 110 out of 121 facilities without a recordable injury. This is particularly gratifying given the severe weather conditions under which our plant operations people were exposed through during the quarter. While these results don’t yet reflect our newest assets, Edison Mission has a strong safety culture and we look forward to integrating them into NRG and the opportunity to learn from each other to continue improving our program. Solar generation was significantly higher from last year driven primarily by the east region which was up 39%. Colder weather in the east couple with gas supply constraints proved out the value of fuel diversity and optionality as we saw unprecedented dispatch in many of our units from coal to oil to gas. Right behind it but no less impressive was Texas with generation 30% above last year, driven primarily colder than normal weather and improved availability at our South Texas project plant. It is important to note that we continue to optimize our maintenance outage days during lower price periods. So that we take full advantage of the peak price opportunities such as the ones caused by the Polar Vortex. Over the past three years, we have increased the number of maintenance outage days and believe that the benefit of getting this outage is done with little opportunity cost and increasing the reliability when it matters the most, more than offsets the negative impact on our annual availability metrics. For example, during peak price days in January and February, our coal and nuclear availability was over 90% demonstrating the value of our strategy. Coal and nuclear reliability improved 30% year-over-year to 9% for the quarter and our gas fleet also performed exceedingly well with 97% starting reliability while doubling the number of starts. Once again, this performance was achieved under severe weather conditions. With a portfolio of over 53,000 megawatts of generation and more than 140 plants, the execution of our planned outages are critical. We have been focused on executing the 159 outages that we have planned for the spring season in order to get ready for the important summer months. Moving on to Slide 13. We were quite pleased with the performance of our retail platform. Despite increasing wholesale prices, extreme weather and ongoing competitive pressure in the C&I segment, we delivered $108 million in adjusted EBITDA, $5 million more than the first quarter of 2013. Extreme weather conditions covered all the markets we served throughout the quarter with the Polar Vortex in the Northeast and sustained cold weather in Texas. At the same time, power prices were up between 50% and 150% year-over-year. Challenging conditions to say the least. Through these, however, we continued to execute as we leveraged the strength of our marketing and sales channels as well as our margin management and integrated wholesale and retail capabilities. The results is that we held retail unit margins overall and increased them in Texas while growing customer count in both Texas and the Northeast. This is one of the key reasons why we felt comfortable expanding our platform even further with the closing of the Dominion retail electricity business. This acquisition extends our leading multi-brand business in Texas and nearly doubles our Northeast customer base, enabling us to bring innovative products and services to an additional 500,000 mass customers. In the C&I segment, we continued to maintain our discipline in this intensely competitive segment and are extending our product offering to include advisory services and comprehensive solutions to our customers beyond system power, including backup generation, solar and demand response. We have now 14 consecutive quarters of customer growth, our ability to maintain margins and customers along with the overlap of our generation portfolio and our retail footprint, we are well positioned to continue expanding our franchise and extend the value of our customer relationship. Moving to our market update on Slide 14. Overall, we are seeing some bullish signals in our markets. Unlike what we have seen in quite some time. Starting with gas and the obvious impact that this whole winter had on storage levels, we remain at 50% of the five-year average, levels not seen in a decade. Real concerns about the ability to refuel storage to a reliable level will develop unless injections begin to ramp up soon. And if we experience a hot summer, strong injections may be very difficult to incent without further increasing prices. You can see the insert chart in the upper left hand chart showing historical weekly injections and the high level that is necessary to achieve the storage number we saw in 2013 of 3.8 Bcf. This fundamental picture and the strong pricing we saw in Q1 have affected the forward power markets. Both dark spreads and spark spreads have expanded benefitting well diversified portfolios like ours. The upcoming PJM capacity auction continues to highlight many changes that extend our bullish view. The combined effect of higher requirements and limits on demand response, the limits on capacity imports and the significant levels of un-cleared coal megawatts are positive signs in PJM. Finally, as you know, we have not been overly bullish on the prospects of the Midwest. But COMED is becoming a growing source of opportunity for us. In fact, we think this opportunity goes beyond driving value for our proven synergy model. We have nice rally in the market over the past few months potentially signaling a state of transition in the market dynamics. Accordingly, we are looking forward to updating you in further detail over the quarters as we refine and complete our operational synergy assessment. Moving to our hedging disclosures on Slide 15, we now have added the expected fuel and generation numbers for the Edison Mission assets and the respective impact on the sensitivity charts. As you can see, we have increased hedges in our coal and nuclear fleet for the balance of 2014, where we took advantage of the commodity rally and executed hedges against the Midwest fleet. Beyond 2014, the hedge levels have decreased slightly reflecting the open position in the Midwest. During the quarter, and despite the additional demand from this [cold] [ph] winter, our commercial team remained focused on integrating the Edison [portfolio] [ph]. At the end of 2013, we recognized rail performance issues with some carriers that could impact operations in 2014. As a result and in collaboration with the railroads we took the necessary steps to ensure adequate levels of inventory as we go into the summer peak burn periods. Another example of the strength in our scale and ability to react quickly to emerging risks. Before I close, I once again want to say, hats off to the entire operations team for extraordinary performance in this record quarter. A quarter never before witnessed by many of us who have worked in this industry for many years. Thank you all and with that I will turn it over to Kirk.
Kirk Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to financial summary on Slide 17. NRG delivered record adjusted EBITDA of $816 million in the first quarter of 2014 or more than doubling our EBITDA performance of a year ago. The bulk of this increase was driven by outstanding results from our wholesales business which generated $639 million in adjusted EBITDA as NRG's expanded east fleet in particular delivered strong operational performance during the extreme cold weather and volatile power prices in the first quarter. Despite the colder weather and the resulting increase in supply costs, our retail businesses also performed well delivering EBITDA of $108 million for the quarter while NRG Yield delivered $69 million. For the quarter, NRG generated nearly $500 million in free cash flow before growth or nearly half of our previous guidance for the entire year. These strong quarterly results lead to increased expectations for 2014 financial performance which I will review in detail further. Our total liquidity after adjusting for the cash used to fund the EME acquisition which closed on April 1 now stands at approximately $3.2 billion. Continuing our focus on prudent balance sheet management, we took advantage of the continued strength in the debt markets and through April successfully executed two senior unsecured notes offerings, totaling $2.1 billion both at a 6.25% rate, a new low for us in terms of unsecured coupon. These financings not only provided the $700 million in cash funding from new corporate debt we have planned for the EME transaction, the remaining proceeds permitted us to fully refinance our 2019 senior notes, reducing annual cash interest by $26 million and further extending corporate maturities in the process. Finally, we have now executed a definitive agreement for the first drop-down of three right of first offer assets to NRG Yield for $349 million. We expect this all cash transaction to close later this quarter augmenting NRG's capital for allocation while helping NRG Yield deliver on its dividend growth objective. The proceeds from NRG Yield's successful issuance of $345 million in new convertible debt will be used to fund the transaction. And with the recent $390 million increase in NRG Yield's revolver to $450 million, NRG Yield now has increased capital flexibility to help fund additional drop-downs for NRG later this year. Turning next to the guidance overview on Slide 18. Following our record first quarter results and taking into account the expected contribution from strategic acquisitions, we are pleased to announce a substantial increase in both our adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth guidance for 2014. We now expect 2014 adjusted EBITDA of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion. This $500 million increase over our previous guidance is driven in equal parts by the change in outlook for our wholesales business driven primarily as a result of the first quarter out performance and by the expected impact of our recently completed acquisitions. The expected contribution from Edison Mission makes up substantially all of the $250 million expected EBITDA impact from acquisitions as we do not expect any significant contribution from Dominion Retail as we transition the Northeast customer base through the remainder of the year. Beyond 2014, however, we expect the net addition of $500,000 retail customers from the Dominion Retail acquisition which also includes the Cirro franchise in Texas to deliver a run rate of $40 million to $50 million in adjusted EBITDA. I would also like to touch briefly on our expectations for residential solar following the acquisition of the Rooftop Diagnostics Solar platform this past quarter. The RDS acquisition represents an important step in better positioning NRG to benefit from the growing opportunity we see in residential solar. Specifically, RDS provides us expanded sales and installation capabilities which are critical in managing customer acquisition and system installation cost in order to realize the net returns from residential solar leases. As many of you are aware, the infrastructure and near term cost of growing this business do not translate into positive EBITDA in the near term. Rather, the value proposition is realized by growing the portfolio of long-term lease cash flows. As a result, we would expect a modestly negative EBITDA impact as we ramp up our efforts in this area. Which is taken into account in our 2014 revised guidance. Later this year we expect to provide you with additional details regarding our residential solar efforts including cost, expected returns and capital requirements beyond the current year. Finally, turning to NRG Yield. Our adjusted EBITDA guidance of $292 million is unchanged as we will update guidance to reflect the impact of the drop-down following the expected closing of the transaction later in the second quarter. As a reminder however, any changes to NRG Yield EBITDA guidance resulting from the drop-down will not impact consolidated NRG guidance. Our 2014 free cash flow before growth guidance is also increased by $250 million or more than 20%, driven by our increased expectations for adjusted EBITDA and partially offset by an increase in maintenance and environmental capital expenditures as we begin to deploy the capital necessary to ensure environmental compliance at the Powerton plant acquired as a part of the EME transaction. In addition, cash lease payments associated with the Powerton and Joliet plants also impact free cash flow over the remainder of 2014. Beyond 2014, cash lease payments will fall to less than $1 million per year delivering run rate free cash flow accretion from the EME acquisition. Turning to Slide 19. After taking into account the net cash component of the EME acquisition, NRG's current liquidity is approximately $3.2 billion. Cash used to fund the EME transaction represents approximately $1.5 billion of the $1.725 billion in acquisitions and growth investments shown in the sources and uses table to the right of the slide. In addition, as an update on the cash balances at GenOn, which I reviewed on our fourth quarter call. Driven by the solid first quarter results in the east, GenOn consolidated cash increase by $149 million during the quarter and now stands at just over $900 million. Taking into account the first quarter results, GenOn has now passed the trailing 12-months restricted payments test and is able to make distributions to NRG should we decide to do so. GenOn Mid-Atlantic which at quarter end held $337 million in cash has also passed its restricted payment test and we expect GenOn Mid-Atlantic to make a distribution of $250 million for GenOn this quarter in order to rebalance liquidity across the various GenOn entities. Turning to Slide 20. I am pleased to announce that we have executed a definitive agreement to complete the first drop-down of assets from NRG Yield. Pursuant to the terms of this agreement, upon closing which we expect later this quarter, NRG Yield will purchase three ROFO assets for $349 million in cash plus the assumption of approximately $650 million in aggregate project debt. These assets include El Segundo, a 550-megawatt combined cycle plant under a tolling agreement with Southern California Edison with just over nine years remaining on the contract. And the TA High Desert and Kansas South solar facilities of 20-megawatts each, each with 20-year PPAs. The transaction purchase price of $349 million which will be funded by NRG Yield using cash on hand will enhance capital for allocation at NRG and represents approximately 1.6 times the $225 million of net NRG equity invested in these three projects, all of which either came online or were purchased within the last year. In addition, we also expect NRG will receive an additional $15 million in cash for aggregate working capital balance at closing. The purchase price of $349 million combined with debt assumed implies a total transaction value of approximately $1 billion and represents slightly more than ten times adjusted EBITDA of approximately $100 million. And on a combined basis these projects will add approximately $30 million in annual cash available for distribution helping NRG Yield achieve its dividend growth objectives. Taking into account our revised expectations for NRG's financial performance, we expect our balance sheet metrics will remain in line with targets and do not anticipate the need to allocate any of the proceeds from this transaction towards delevering. The successful process towards completion of the first ever drop-down to NRG Yield represents an important initial step towards realizing the true potential of this important part of NRG's long-term growth. We anticipate announcing additional drop-downs by the end of the third quarter which we expect will likely include some of the EME assets while deferring the dropdown of the remainder of CVSR to 2015. However, at a minimum, we expect to execute additional drop-downs of assets representing at least the remainder of the $55 million in cash available for distribution we originally announced as being earmarked for drop-down over the course of this year. And finally, updating our capital allocation progress on Slide 21. The net proceeds from the first three drop-down assets combined with the $250 million increase in 2014 free cash flow before growth, served to increase expected 2014 cash available for allocation to $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion. $268 million of this capital will fund scheduled debt amortization largely at the project level. Approximately $1.45 billion of capital has been allocated towards M&A and growth investments including $840 million of cash towards EME and other acquisitions including Dominion retail. While integration costs now also include expected cost related to EME and Dominion. Finally, taking into account the 12.7 million shares issued in connection with EME, $181 million of capital is allocated to NRG's recently increased common dividend of $0.56 per share on annualized basis. After these allocation items over the course of 2014, NRG has $823 million to $1.023 billion in excess capital remaining. We would expect to revisit any potential increases in return of shareholder capital following the second drop-down transaction which we would expect to take place in the third quarter. And with that I will turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David Crane: Thank you, Kirk. Shannon, I don’t have any closing remarks because we want to make sure we have about 15 minutes for questions. So please if you could open the lines we would be happy to take everyone's questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. You may begin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Congrats on a great quarter. Following up on all the announcements here, I'd be curious, when you think about future capital deployment opportunities, how do you think about buybacks relative to further acquisitions to enable the DG renewable growth that you've been talking about? And in particular, how did you think about redeploying the cash that you're getting out of the NRG Yield sales of late?
David Crane: Well, I am going to turn that to Kirk to answer or not answer the question as he sees fit. But Julien what I would tell you from my perspective is that, to your question, number one, it's actually a pretty good time right now to be a buyer in the market. I mean we see sort of opportunities to create value. I guess someone who did three acquisitions in the first quarter would say this, but we do see opportunities across our space. What I would say though is, to the extent that you know for a long time on the generation side we wanted to have a bigger and better core generation fleet in PJM and that was a big, strategic priority. But what I would say right now is, well, again to the point both on the generation side and on the retail side, where we have all the capabilities we need, we are in all the places where we need to be. And so it's a question of executing with what we have. And so I would say as a general rule, my view towards acquisitions right now is pretty opportunistic. If we can see something at a price that really makes sense, we will add to what we have. But we are really -- we are again at a point where we have a very limited number of gaps that we see to fill in terms of the capabilities we need to have. And even the gaps that we continue to perceive, which I am not going to tell you what they are because we don’t want people to see us coming. The amount of money that it would take us to fill those gaps from outside acquisition is not a huge number compared to the amount of cash that Kirk has amassed over there. So with that sort of set up, let me turn it over to Krik.
Kirk Andrews: Well, I don’t have to add very much to that other than the fact that the capital that we amassed as I know you are aware Julien, both with the combination of the actual receipt of the drop-down proceeds as well as our free cash flow generation, tends to be disproportionately loaded towards the backend of the year. Which is why we are kind of deferring addressing the return of capital to shareholders question until we realize the bulk of that free cash flow and drop-down proceeds. And I think depending on how the opportunities that David spoke to play out over the course of the year, as well as where our share prices combined with realizing that capital later in the year, we take all that into consideration in terms of balancing between opportunistic deployment of capital on the M&A side or acquisition side with returning to share repurchases.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And, Dave, just a quick follow up here. As you think about power, I just heard your comments about COMED. Where do you remain the most constructive on power upside, if you will?
David Crane: Julien, I don’t want to give a wrong -- could you say the question -- where are we most constructive on the...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Yes. I suppose we have heard some comments from Exelon amongst others, saying we see x amount of upside in the market, etcetera. I suppose are you still as constructive on Texas or you're shifting towards PJM? And where do you see the most amount of upside or do you continue to see upside in power market?
David Crane: Well, you know everything -- it's like going to a movie Julien. Everything sort of relative to your perception is going in. I mean we went to great pains when we bought the Edison Mission portfolio to say, don’t confuse this with us being bullish on the situation in the Midwest on the wholesale side. But as Mauricio said in his comments, there are signs of life in the COMED market. But I have to tell you, if you are just looking across our portfolio, clearly the east has been a pleasant surprise for us since the GenOn acquisition. But in terms of just basic fundamentals that you can sort of look at and reach out and feel and touch, we remain bullish on Texas. I mean the demand growth in Texas on a weather-adjusted basis was enormous. While it was 3% -- I mean 11% in non-weather adjusted, 3% weather adjusted. You know announcements like -- I was out in California last week on the day that Toyota announced that they were moving 5000 - you know they had 5000 people employed in North America and they are picking up shop, closing shop in California and moving to Texas, so if you look at fundamentals I would say that the part of the country we are most bullish on remains Texas.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jon Cohen of ISI Group. You may begin.
Jon Cohen - ISI Group: Congratulations, guys. I don't see how that quarter could have gone any better for you guys.
David Crane: Okay. Thank you for your question, Jon.
Jon Cohen - ISI Group: I guess the first question maybe is for Mauricio. We've seen in the past couple of weeks or the last week particularly, a pretty huge move in the forward power markets. I was wondering if you had any color on what's going on there exactly? How much of this is real fundamental buying, how much of it is maybe some other technical factors?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Jon. So I think I referred to it on my script but the move in power is actually, I would say there are two points. The first one is on the back of natural gas. And as you have seen natural gas has gone through a pretty significant rally and given the storage levels where we are, we think that if we get some early heat, we will see probably another leg off on natural gas. So that’s the first driver of power prices. And as you can appreciate that has helped significantly dark spread or base load generators like us. The second one which is probably a little bit more recent is an expansion in heat rates. And we saw that right after the CSAPR announcement. So I think markets are realizing that there may be more scarcity and better fundamentals shorter than what they believed in the past. But that clearly benefits some of the spark spread price. Those are two very discrete, I guess drivers that we have seen in the power space. With respect to liquidity, I will tell you that liquidity is probably the worse I have seen in many, many years. The balance of 2014 remains probably the best market and I think the prices, the market prices reflect to some extent decent volume. But beyond 2014 I would caution about the pricing that we are seeing because I think they are affected by liquidity.
Jon Cohen - ISI Group: Okay. So, you're saying we've seen a big move but on pretty poor volumes in the out years.
Mauricio Gutierrez: In the out years, yes, but in the front years I think the volume has been relatively decent. Having said that, the move that you have seen are supported by the fundamentals.
Jon Cohen - ISI Group: Okay, great. And then one other question on the distributed generation strategy. I was wondering if you had any, David, internal milestones or goals about how quickly you want to grow that business. I think on the last call I think you said it would be two years before you had cobbled together enough of a portfolio to drop into NRG Yield. Since then you've announced a few acquisitions. I wonder if maybe the timing of that has accelerated. So, what should we be looking for in terms of how you're executing there?
David Crane: Well, Jon, one, I don’t want to be totally specific but the second thing is -- well, let me just tell you the way we are thinking about it. And some of this is anticipatory in terms of where we see the price going you know in terms of the expansion to the, sort of legendary price competitive with the retail price electricity in 20 to 25 states. The way I sort of think about it, by the end of this year we want to be in a position to compete in all the states where it makes sense for people to put residential solar on the roof. With all the tools that we need to sort of create value and bring the value to us. I mean one of the problems in the residential solar space for the last few years is, there is always some place in the value chain where value is being created but it's usually being created somewhere else. So for a while it was the installers that were sort of capturing the benefit of solar module prices dropping like a stone and all that. And so we wanted a platform where the value that exists in the value chain sort of comes to us not to somebody else that we than enable. So we want to have our capabilities in place, totally in place in all the markets we want to be in by the end of the year. And then in 2015 we want to execute and we want to be a market leader. And whatever lead in the market is and in the industry that’s facing exponential growth, I would rather not put a number on it other than to say, if you think of at least 2 million American homes that economically should have solar on their roof by 2015 and the current market leader Solar City is doing 30,000 a year, I don’t need to take business away from Solar City to see that there is a market opportunity that’s just almost infinite in its potential.
Jon Cohen - ISI Group: Right. Are there any capabilities that you think you're still lacking or are all of the pieces in place now?
David Crane: There is one or two. Thank you for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Good morning and congratulations. I wanted to talk about capacity prices in general and talk about your EME assets. I know you're going to come back with a more specific plan but we had, I guess, it's fair to say, fairly disappointing pricing last year. Would you need to see materially better capacity prices for the entire fleet at EME to be economically viable or do you think, given where we've seen recent trends, that they would be viable? Do we need to really see an uplift there to see the entire fleet viable?
David Crane: Hey, Stephen, Chris Moser is going to answer that.
Chris Moser: Hey, Stephen, it's Chris. First things first, I think PJM is moving a lot of levers to try and make sure that we see good prices out there. I mean FERC has accepted hard caps on DR. They have accepted the capacity import limits there. I know that there is still a couple of things pending in terms of the operability and changes to the incremental auctions. Last year at $59 out there in RTO, and that was on the low end of things, obviously we are hoping for better numbers than that. But keep in mind there is both energy and capacity as well. So it's the combination of those two. And we would like it obviously to hit good numbers in both of those. And a lot of the forecasts out there now have the capacity moving up against that 59 mark from the 16, 17 auction. And we are certainly hopeful that it does. But don’t forget the wind in the sails back there is as David said, selling coal at natural gas prices and as gas continues to move up then that’s going to help those assets as well.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: I see. So, the improved energy margin helps in that equation as well. As a follow up, just on your chart on page 14, looking at the PJM auction. I was curious about one of the remarks you made about new generation facing challenging economics, especially given the improvement in forward margins that we've seen. Could you expand on that a little bit?
Chris Moser: I think on the challenging economics side I think we struggle with seeing some of the newbuild costs relative to I think where we expect to see them or where we look at when we are trying to do are looking at projects ourselves and I think that’s what that references to.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So, as you see the capital costs even with the improvement in energy margins, you struggle to see how the newbuild can make sense potentially.
David Crane: Yes, I mean Steven, I got to tell you, it doesn’t matter what market you are in, even in Texas. I mean we are acquiring assets at deep discount to replacement costs. And so as prices get better we obviously have an opportunity to earn back the money we put in but we are not seeing things approach, pricing approach new entrant pricing. So how people are doing Greenfield in the merchant market, it's baffling to us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: Can you review the changes in strategy of what assets you're going to drop down into NYLD in 3Q? I know originally it was CVSR but it sounds like it might be some of the Mission assets now. And I don't know if you can answer this question from NRG's perspective, but in your view will NYLD require equity to fund that next round of drop-downs?
Kirk Andrews: Well, in terms of the assets as I mentioned in my remarks, yes. Having now closed the EME transaction we expect the next phase of drop-down to include some EME assets and defer CVSR to 2015. I think it's safe to say if we have a bias within that portfolio, we would lean towards the shorter duration assets within that portfolio as being kind of the first in the queue if you will among the EME portfolio for drop-down. As far as equity issuance is concerned, certainly having basically used the proceeds from this first drop-down, additional drop-downs will require obviously additional capital at NRG Yield. We have the ability to some extent to bridge that capital using the expanded revolver I spoke to but ultimately the anticipation is, I think it's likely we will probably see an equity issuance kind of in the back half of the year. But we will revisit that in greater detail as circumstances unfold.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: Very helpful. And then on coal, Mauricio, you talked about how you were able to address some of the rail disruptions to ensure adequate supply in 2014. Can you talk about how you did that? And then PRB prices seem to be ticking up here as you look at the forward curve, particularly 2015. So how does that impact the way you think about contracting?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, well, you know PRB in shorter term has been oscillating close the marginal cost of production. Historically there's been a [contango] (ph), though that has been tempered over the past 12-months. So as gas prices go up and certainly the announcement of CSAPR, you know lower sulfur coal becomes more desirable for generators. We are evaluating our hedge profile. As I said, we wanted to take care of 2014 given the increase in gas prices. We are now in the process of assessing 15 and beyond. We like the position that we are in. We have constructive gas fundamentals I already explained. So at the end of the day we are more concerned about the dark spread and less concerned about the absolute price of each of the commodities. With respect to the railroad I think it is fair to say that we have, given the size and the scale of our portfolio, we were able to identify these potential risks in terms of deliveries. Regarding front of it, we have very constructive dialog with the railroads and we were able to bring our units at inventory levels that we feel are adequate as we go into the summer. I mean I cannot give you any more specifics. We have in the past disclosed inventory levels on a unit by unit basis and we are not going to do that given the competitive nature of it. But I think it's fair to say that we feel comfortable as we approaching the summer months.
David Crane: Shannon, we have a shareholders meeting in about 5 minutes, so I think we will take two more calls.
Operator: Our next question is from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. You may begin.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Congrats on the good quarter. My question is directed towards Mauricio. You kind of talked about how maybe NYHUB heat rates moving up have a fundamental reason to them and there could be something changing with the load around that area. Could you maybe talk about what's changing that could maybe make you more bullish on the Midwest market?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I think it's more on the generation side than the load. The load hasn’t been particularly impressive in the Midwest and to the extent in the Northeast. We think that given some of the economic challenges and the higher penetration of wind and negative pricing, we believe that there is probably -- we are entering a transition period where additional retirements from base load resources that can cycle will happen particularly on units that are marginal, small with high fixed costs with little flexibility. So I think the market is starting to recognize that and you can clearly see it on the heat rate expansion. And I put the chart on the historical pricing and the forward pricing on COMED and I think it clearly has a awkward momentum to it. Now keep in mind the other one is, as I already said a couple of times, natural gas is right behind the price of power sold. So that perhaps is also something to look at.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: When you talk about these units are you speaking more about nuclear, coal or what type of generation?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, all of the above. I think coal and nuclear.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Is there an update on any kind of the repowering opportunities in California?
David Crane: Well, we remain optimistic but there is not really any specific update. But certainly I would hope to have one by the next quarterly call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Trahan. You may begin.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Just, first curious if there's any update on the Maryland environmental rules going into the auction.
David Crane: Do you want to answer that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Good morning, Steve. What I can tell you is that we have a had a very constructive dialog with MDE. We are taking that into consideration with the plans that we have around our Maryland units and I think that’s pretty much about as much as we can say around the state of the Maryland units. But I can assure you that it's been a very positive dialog between the two of us as of late.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. So, you have more clarity you think on the future for those two units at least?
David Crane: Well, I think in relative terms we have more clarity, we don’t have absolute clarity. So I think that’s really all we can say right now, Steve. But since we didn’t really answer your question, why don’t you take (indiscernible)?
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Yes. The other question is just -- you mentioned that we have the revival of CSAPR in some form and we're going to get these EPA THG proposed rules soon. When you think about the context of NRG overall in light of some of these new environmental rules, could you just maybe, again, give us your messaging on how you think about your company in context of kind of refocus on environmental rules?
David Crane: Well, I am not sure if this answers the question but I mean we are, in terms of the conventional system and the generation assets, I think we have to keep in mind that the average age of an NRG coal plant is 41 years old. So when we think of the long-term strategy of the company, it's not built around 41 year old assets but those 41 year old assets are very critical to the short to medium term and to keeping the lights on this year and next year. So I mean our environmental strategy is geared towards the amount of time that we expect the assets to continue to perform their functions. So with expect to the specific rules, we think we have a good -- you know we are not spending and insubstantial amount of money. And so we are complying with the various environmental laws that seemingly come and go. But we are also not investing in stuff thinking that these plants are going to be there 40 years from now. So guess I am not sure if there is something more specific about that that you would like me to focus on.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: You know I was thinking more in terms of the breadth of portfolio of assets that you have and your non-power. Net-net, do you think, obviously we don't know the details of how CSAPR will be implemented or how THG rules might be implemented. But do you think overall your portfolio benefits net from these rules or gets hurt by it?
David Crane: Well, I mean since we are in pretty good compliance position with the new rules, to be Machiavellian about it, the new rules drive other peoples plans out of the market than that will be beneficial to us. What I would say is one of the big lessons for us and hopefully for the public policy makers and I try to make this point in the context of Illinois is that, we have always made a virtue of being multi-fuel. The conventional system is clearly trending to an all gas all the time system. And the gas, now it's simply not prepared for that to happen. And so to us there is tremendous value in not only having gas plants but having coal plants continue and nuclear and even our oil plants. I mean we ran our oil plants more this last winter than I think in the last several years cumulative. And so the first and foremost, no matter how much we focus on sustainability and being green and all, the focus of a power company is always on keeping the lights on. And to me having a multi-fuel fleet of generation is the way to do that. So we certainly are going to try and do that but you can't keep plants open if they are just losing money, hand over fist. And you don’t want to invest hundreds and millions of dollars in an asset that has left couple of years of life. And so that’s the reality that we juggle everyday at this company. And I think every other power company does as well. Anyway, I am sorry but I think we got to go. We are a few minutes late for our shareholders meeting. So thank you all very much and if there are any questions that we could not answer, my friend Chad here is sitting next to me, he would be happy to answer to questions at length. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Crane –President, Chief Executive Officer Kirk Andrews – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Mauricio Gutierrez – Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer John Chillemi – Senior Vice President, Regional President – West Elizabeth Killinger – Head, Texas Retail Chris Moser – Head of Commercial Operations Chad Plotkin – Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Jon Cohen – ISI Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley Paul Zimbardo – UBS Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research 
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 2013 NRG Energy Inc. Earnings conference call. My name is Grant and I’ll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session toward the end of this conference. If you wish to ask a question, please press star followed by one on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered or you wish to withdraw your question, press star followed by two. If at any time during the call you require assistance, please press star then zero and an operator will be happy to assist you. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chad Plotkin, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you Grant and good morning everyone. I’d like to welcome you to NRG’s full year and fourth quarter earnings call. This morning’s call is being broadcast live, over the phone and via webcast which can be located on our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call, associated presentation material, as well as a replay of the call on the Investor Relations section of our website.  Because this call, including the presentation and Q&A session will be limited to one hour, we ask that you limit yourself to only one question with just one follow-up. In addition, as this is an earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG’s perspective. Before we begin, I urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today’s presentation which explains the risks and uncertainties associated with future events in the forward-looking statements made in today’s press release and presentation materials. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is Friday, February 28, 2014 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law.  During this morning’s call, we’ll refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company’s operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today’s press release and this presentation. With that, I’ll turn the call over to David Crane, NRG’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you Chad, and good morning everyone. As always, joining me today and also presenting are Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer. Additionally and available for questions, we’re joined by our Head of Commercial Operations, Chris Moser; Elizabeth Killinger, who is Head of Texas Retail for us, and Jim Steffes, who is Head of Northeast Retail. While as we sit here in sub-Arctic Princeton, New Jersey waiting for another 12 to 18 inches of snow on Sunday, it’s an exciting time for us in the power business, which doesn’t happen that often, so let’s get right into talking our results. So if you’re following with the presentation, beginning on Slide 3, I actually want to start with an apology to you, our shareholders. You may recall back in August during our second quarter earnings call, based largely on the relentlessly moderate summer weather across all of our core markets, we shifted downward our original 2013 financial guidance as we felt at the time that we did not have enough levers within management control to compensate for the weak summer and the time remaining in the year. That was a bitter pill for us to swallow because never before had we had to reduce guidance outside of the original range, so you may recall at the time I also vowed to you that NRG management would do everything within our control to try and get us back to our original guidance range. Today, I’m very pleased to report that with a very timely assist from early winter weather, we actually succeeded in getting back within our original range with $2.636 billion of adjusted EBITDA and an above-target outcome for free cash flow before growth of $1.282 billion. This performance was the result of an entire team effort across all functions, regions and businesses within NRG, and I want to thank all 8,500 of our employees for finishing strong, achieving this robust financial result, and for having done it with a top quartile safety record. As I said, I want to apologize to you, our shareholders, for having reduced guidance in the first place. I promise in the future to think twice before I underestimate what the amazing people at NRG can accomplish. To continue on the execution front, as I know this is a question likely on the top of your minds, I want to acknowledge that our success in the fourth quarter of 2013 has in fact carried over into the start of 2014. Our plant operations and commercial operations folks have performed magnificently and in certain circumstances literally heroically to keep our plants fueled and operating during the extraordinary cold spells of January and beyond. Now you’re probably sitting there asking yourself, how magnificently – can we put magnificently or heroic into financial guidance terms? And the answer to that question is that I’m not going to do that, not today, and neither is Kirk or Mauricio. There are multiple reasons why I’m not going to quantify our winter results – we’re only 8 weeks into the year, it’s still a summer-weighted business, the winter is not even over yet. Maybe most notably, we’d have to re-guide anyway in a couple of months in order to take into account the Edison Mission acquisition. You can pick the reason you like the best – I’ll tell you the one I like the best, which is that we have a lot of other good things to talk about here today, like the 17% increase in dividend at the NRG corporate level, and I’d rather talk about that. So with all the attention paid to NRG Yield over the eight months since it went public, we wanted to make sure to remind the market with this dividend increase being announced today that we also remain focused on ensuring that the shareholders of NRG parent also get a fair and regular return on their investment in NRG.  Beyond the dividend increase, there are other highlights, there are creative and effective activities in the financial markets that Kirk can talk about. We have completed the GenOn integration on time so that our team can be ready for Edison Mission, and we have built out the capabilities of our retail team in the way we hoped to do when we talked about that at the beginning of 2013. I have a bit of reputation internally at NRG for being a bit hard to please, but I’m very pleased with the overall performance of NRG in 2013 and through to where we stand in 2014. So moving to Slide 4, there’s much good news here on this slide as well, perhaps the best of which is my promise to you that this will be the last time you ever have to look at this slide. But it is important that I give you a final accounting of our internal scorecard for the GenOn integration so you can appreciate the financial results achieved as a result of all the hard work led by the NRG integration team and literally involving every single person at the company. Bottom line, we delivered $484 million of cash flow benefits, or over 60% higher than the original targets announced when the GenOn deal was announced; and what is not captured in the numbers is that in a number of important ways, we used the GenOn transaction as a springboard to strengthen the company’s systems, our management depth, and the range of our expertise.  Clearly all those capabilities are already being put to good use planning for the integration of Edison Mission Energy, and as the closing of that transaction fast approaches, you should note that every key work stream is proceeding smoothly and we expect very positive tangible and intangible results arising out of our combination with Edison Mission Energy.  Turning to Slide 5, you will find the typical pie charts and bar charts illustrating the size and portfolio diversity of our fleet once the Edison Mission transaction closes a few weeks from now. I resurrect this slide here now because I think it’s a good reminder of the business segment that underpins all of NRG’s business initiatives in the short to medium term, and even into the longer term. In the short term, by which I mean in this case the remainder of the winter and then the summer of 2014, I can tell you based on our experience over the past several weeks, never have I been more happy to have the type of generation fleet we have, the size of the fleet, the geographic distribution of the assets, the strength across the merit order, and most importantly the fuel diversity. And by fuel diversity, I’m not just talking about the ability to fire a little bit of propane at some gas plants. I’m talking about real fuel diversity – gas, coal, nuclear, and even oil. The fuel diversity of our fleet has been an immensely positive asset in the winter of 2013 – 2014, but it’s also not just the type of plants we own, it’s the specific plants and the people who run them. Let it suffice to say at this point that I would not swap our fleet, megawatt for megawatt, or our operations team for anyone else’s in the entire industry. Longer term, you may be aware that much of what I say in public these days tends to center on where our industry is headed and what we at NRG believe is the inexorable trend towards a distribute generation-centric, disaggregated future featuring individual choice and the empowerment of the American energy consumer. That this future is going to occur is, in my opinion, inevitable; that it’s going to occur faster than almost every person thinks it’s going to occur is highly probable. But even if distribute generation is to be our destiny as a company, as an industry and as a society, that future is going to take a fair amount of time to be realized. So at NRG, we are positioning ourselves to succeed during a prolonged period during which the traditional centralized grid-based power system coexists with the fast emerging, high growth distributed sector, much like how fixed line long distance graciously gave way to cellular world dominance only after a couple of decades of relatively peaceful coexistence. As American energy customers, business and individuals alike, turn away from the grid as their primary source of energy in ever increasing numbers, most will nonetheless stay dependent on grid power to varying degrees for years to come, either as supplemental power or as back-up, and as such our ability to serve those customers with our fleet of conventional generation with the power delivered over the traditional wires will remain the backbone of our business for some time to come, even in a world going distributed.  So if you look at Slide 6, you will get a better sense of how we’re going to organize ourselves for success in the current world as we prepare to win the future world. This organization will be done from the customers’ perspective. Our conventional generation business will not only be focused on maintaining our existing fleet in top operating condition but also in repowering select plants with flexible fast start units designed to support the increasing market penetration of renewable. These plants will be located in advantageous positions on the grid and will be commercially justified off the strength of long-term offtake agreements. Furthermore, in response to the increasing realization in the business community that no serious industry or commercial enterprise can prudently run their business based upon 100% dependence on the traditional grid, we see a growing business-to-business opportunity for our wholesale business in terms of onsite generation for industry and large-scale commercial customers.  If we look at the central column on Slide 6, which is our mass or our main customer-facing business, we continue to believe that having a direct energy relationship with the American energy consumer is very valuable and increasingly part of our business strategy – indeed, a pivotal part of our strategy. Certainly within the confines of the existing centralized system, we have been extolling for years the virtues of matching generation in retail, and we continue to believe in those virtues; but with the pace of technological innovation aimed at the home energy consumer accelerating and the product offering getting so much better, as perhaps best exemplified by the Nest thermostat, having a positive preexisting relationship with the energy consumer is something we are working on very intently across the retail markets that we presently serve. We intend to continue to be the market leader in deploying energy innovation inside the home. Finally on the right side of Slide 6, there is the post-centralized grid future driven by renewables, incorporating both energy storage and sophisticated localized automation to balance production and load in real time. We’re just getting started in this area, but if you read our Necker Island announcement a couple weeks ago, you’ll have a good sense of where we are going. In short, it’s an exciting time. We have a lot going on, but as we have demonstrated in the fourth quarter of 2013 and so far into 2014, is that all depends on us taking care of business day to day, and that is what we have done in those periods – again, a great fourth quarter of 2013 and a good start to 2014. So with that, I will turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you and good morning everyone. As David mentioned, we were able to recover from otherwise weak market conditions for most of 2013 to deliver another year of results within our original guidance. This was largely driven by excellent execution in the fourth quarter which has continued into the important winter months of 2014.  Before I go into the results for the year, I want to take a moment to thank the men and women at NRG who in the bitter cold and snow that plagued the northeast did an exemplary job of keeping the grid stable and the lights on during the extreme cold weather conditions. Their dedication and professionalism makes us all proud to be part of this company. On Slide 8, let me spend a few moments reviewing the goals I provided you last year for the operations group, where I’m proud to say we delivered across the board. First and foremost, we delivered on our promise to employees and shareholders with best-in-class safety and operational performance across what is now the largest competitive generation portfolio in the country. We successfully integrated GenOn’s 20 gigawatt generation portfolio into our operations, driving benefits from the additional (indiscernible) outside of Texas. Our relentless focus on cost and (indiscernible) synergies also paid off. We identified close to $120 million in operational synergies from the GenOn portfolio and leveraged that effort to achieve almost the same amount under our FORNRG program. On the construction and development front, we finished an unusually busy year with the commissioning of the Ivanpah project in December. This brings the total number of new plants commissioned in 2013 to nine, an unprecedented number with a total generating capacity of 2400 megawatts. The program was on time and on budget, and I want to congratulate our (indiscernible) organization for this remarkable accomplishment. Moving on to our operational metrics on Slide 9 and beginning with our most important metric, safety, even after nearly doubling the portfolio we achieved another year of top quartile performing with 82 out of 119 facilities with a single reportable injury. While our performance was not as strong as our record year in 2012, we continue to make improvements and adapt our safety program as we move out of controlled industrial sites and into (indiscernible) environment in our retail and service businesses.  Our total generation was up 2% year-over-year driven primarily by higher coal generation across Texas and the northeast. This was partially by lower nuclear and gas generation given the weak summer conditions and lower (indiscernible) across the country. We continue to balance operational performance with margin at risk and overall spend throughout this low commodity price environment. While our coal and nuclear available was down year-over-year to 82%, our performance was remarkable during peak periods of high prices. Our gas portfolio maintained a strong performance with 98% starting reliability and our newest facilities, El Segundo and Marsh Landing, have performed exceptionally well since reaching commercial operations. As we enter into the third year of the current FORNRG program, we have made significant progress leveraging the best practices learned from our operational synergies efforts around the general facilities. We achieved an outstanding result of $119 million for the year compared to a goal of $65 million, driven primarily by cost reductions in both plant operations and Texas retail. We are pleased with the strong results and expect to leverage the program as we integrate the Edison Mission portfolio. Moving on to Slide 10, our retail business finished the year strong, delivering $614 million of EBITDA and exceeding our guidance as a result of the higher than expected volume in the fourth quarter. Heating degree days were significantly higher than last year while power prices remained moderate, expanding retail margins for the quarter. This outperformance was also the result of reduced cost per customer served. Overall portfolio unit margins for the year were relatively stable with Texas able to hold margins around $23 per megawatt hour. These results were driven by continued effective marketing, selling and service execution as well as the introduction of innovative products which are driving a 5 to 20% improvement in retention rates. For the 12th consecutive quarter, we increased customer counts and at the same time our cost reduction efforts continued to produce strong results with full-year operations and maintenance expense per customer down 10% and SG&A per customer down 8%. On the C&I front, competition remains fierce and we don’t expect that to change any time soon. As we mentioned in the last call, to avoid just competing on price we’re intensifying our efforts to provide advisory services and comprehensive solutions to our customers beyond system power, including backup generation, solar, and demand response.  Turning to Slide 11, I’d like to cover some of the macro trends we’re seeing across our regions, but first let me spend a minute talking about how our portfolio has evolved over this past year. As you can see on the chart, back in 2012 our Gulf Coast generation business, which includes both Ercot and South Central, made up nearly 50% of our EBITDA. If you include our Texas retail franchise, this number was close to 80%.  Now looking at 2013, not only our earnings have increased but they are far more diversified. The Gulf Coast business accounted for only 40%, achieving a nice balance with the east, and it’s even further diversified when you consider that a significant portion of these earnings will come in the form of capacity payments. Also, with the success of NRG Yield and continued development of our alternative energy segment, the contracted portfolio made up over 10% of our net earnings. To put it simply, diversification across regions, merit order, fuel sources, and business lines are key as we have seen thus far in 2014, critical to our long-term financial performance. Now on to the macro trends I mentioned before. Natural gas fundamentals continue to firm up. Demand has set a new record this winter and storage levels are expected to end the injection season at the lowest levels we have seen since 2013. What has been even more impressive is the reaction in the cash markets over the past several weeks with prices spiking in many northeast locations despite all the new gas production coming from the Marcellus shale. We experienced significant limitations in the gas delivery system and expect this type of regional price volatility to remain in the foreseeable future where a significant part of our portfolio is located. In Ercot, the resource adequacy discussion has slowed down given the changes in load forecasting methodology and ongoing debate around adequate level of reliability and optimal reserve margins. We continue to see improvements in price formation with higher price cuts and the implementation of the operating reserve demand for this summer. I will cover in more detail our fundamental view, but we remain constructive that these changes will translate into actual scarcity pricing. In the east and starting with New England, we’re pleased with the capacity auction results largely extending from the retirement of non-economic generation. In New York, the addition of the Lower Hudson Valley capacity zone recognizes the location and value of our downstate generation, and finally in PJM improvements in price formation resulted in greater scarcity pricing this winter. We also see positive changes in the upcoming capacity auction where higher requirements will be placed on demand response and imports. Finally in the west, current drought conditions have many concerned about the states’ readiness to face the summer with only a fraction of its own hydro power resources available. In the medium term, the increasing reliance on renewable energy and the retirement of (indiscernible) cooling plants will provide a significant repowering opportunity for plants at premium locations. Turning to Slide 12 and coming back to the Texas market, from our perspective while this debate has slowed down, we remain bullish on the overall market as very little has changed. We continue to see very strong fundamentals. As you see on the left side of the slide, demand continues to grow at a very healthy level, close to 2% a year. On the supply side, we see limited amounts of new capacity coming to the market given the high regulatory uncertainty and the low forward energy prices. In fact, there has been minimal scarcity price in the past two years, putting additional pressure on existing marginal resources. As a result of these market conditions, we do not plan to bring our Bertron units back from mothball status this summer. We remain bullish on our overall Ercot position but we need to be prudent about our investment of maintenance dollars in marginal assets. We remain supportive of capacity markets as the most cost effective way of achieving the standard of reliability that Texas have enjoyed in the past. The (indiscernible) report released in January confirmed our position that the cost of achieving this standard, a tenth of a cent per kilowatt hour increasing customer rates, is a well worthy investment of achieving this outcome.  In the east, we have seen increasing signs of life. Demand has turned positive and changes in the market around price formation and retirement have provided a somewhat bullish energy outlook for the northeast. We have seen increasing frequency of high prices year-over-year in several markets where we have generation. Also when gas spikes to high double or even triple digits, the gas basis, power basis, (indiscernible) spreads and oil spreads go up while spark spreads crumble. If there is one lesson learned from the polar vortex, it’s the value of fuel diversification, and our portfolio is perfectly positioned to take advantage of that. Turning to our hedge disclosures on Slide 13, you will see that we increased our coal and nuclear hedges in 2015 from 34% to 56% as we took advantage of strong gas prices in December. We remain open beyond 2015 as we did not see any compelling opportunities to add additional hedges in the market. Many of you have requested additional information to our hedging disclosures and as you will see in our public filings, we have provided a breakout of our coal and nuclear hedges between the Gulf Coast and east regions, including our forward market prices, to assist you in evaluating our portfolio. We have also included our sensitivity chart that represents the value of the portfolio as we address one commodity at a time, keeping all other commodities constant. This (indiscernible) likely in the long run as gas prices and heat rates are often inversely correlated.  The last point I will touch on is MISO integration. In late December, we successfully completed the MISO Day 1 integration, and for the first time our South Central assets and coal loads moving to an ISO2 settlement system. The move went fairly smooth and we are looking forward to working with our load partners in the new market. As I have done now during the past three years as COO, I have laid out the priorities for the year on Slide 14. The focus is always to deliver safe and environmentally sound, best-in-class operations across our generation fleet, maximize the value of the assets, manage the supply risk of our retail portfolio, and deliver on our development by construction projects. This year, we will continue our integration efforts of not only executing on the operational synergies identified last year from the GenOn assets but we’ll apply the lessons learned to the 7 gigawatts of generation coming from the Edison Mission.  Finally and as David mentioned, we will leverage our leadership position on the district energy, CHB and back-up generation business to take a more aggressive role in the up and coming distributed generation opportunities that we see in the market. With that, I will turn it to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirk Andrews: Thank you Mauricio and good morning everyone. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 16, our 2013 financial results now place us proudly back in line with our original 2013 guidance. Specifically, adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.636 billion, exceeding the upper end of our most recent guidance range by $36 million, driven marginally by colder than expected weather during the last two months of the year, positively impacting both wholesale which ended 2013 with nearly $1.8 billion in adjusted EBITDA, and our retail businesses which delivered $614 million. Finally, NRG Yield finished 2013 with $244 million of adjusted EBITDA. The favorable weather late in the year combined with operational improvements and lower capital expenditures drove free cash flow before growth to $1.282 billion in 2013, exceeding the upper end of our guidance range by $107 million and providing further liquidity improvements and a strong base for 2014 capital available for allocation. NRG’s 2013 capital allocation plan again struck a successful balance among balance sheet management, value-enhancing investments, and return of shareholder capital. We continue our consistent focus on prudent balance sheet management by paying down over $900 million of debt, which included $575 million to redeem the 2014 GenOn senior notes and $200 million to repurchase NRG senior notes of various maturities. We reinvested in the growth of our company with over $800 million in acquisition and growth investments, enhancing our generation portfolio, further increasing our renewables platform, and expanding our retail businesses and customer offerings. Finally during the year, we returned $170 million through a combination of common stock dividends and share repurchases. Now turning briefly to 2014 guidance on Slide 17, while exceptional operational performance combined with effective risk management helped to give NRG a strong start to this year, we are reaffirming our guidance ranges for both 2014 adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. This excludes the impact from the pending EME transaction and we will update our guidance on a combined basis following the closing, which we continue to expect by the end of the quarter. While our reaffirmed guidance demonstrates strong momentum in EBITDA growth, 2014 free cash flow guidance reflects our expectation that we will fund a majority of our current five-year environment capital expenditure forecast for NRG this year.  Turning to liquidity on Slide 18, while we made significant strides last year in deploying capital to reduce indebtedness, invest in NRG’s future, and return capital to our shareholders, we’ve increased our cash balance, maintaining a solid level of core liquidity to satisfy the company’s day-to-day working capital needs while providing a surplus to both fully fund the cash portion of the EME transaction and provide capital for further allocation in 2014. NRG’s liquidity at year-end was approximately $3.7 billion, a $333 million increase since the prior year end due to a $218 million increase in cash and $115 million increase in credit facility availability. Finally, as many of you have inquired regarding the cash balances and liquidity at GenOn, I’ve included a table on this slide to provide some additional details on the portion of NRG’s consolidated cash balances which reside at the GenOn level. GenOn ended 2013 with $760 million in cash of which, as you’ll recall, we reserved $200 million for working capital purposes. This is the GenOn portion of our $940 million minimum cash balance across all of NRG. At year-end, $250 million of GenOn cash is distributable to NRG under the restricted payments basket provision in the GenOn bond indentures. This portion may be distributed to NRG or used for capital allocation at the GenOn level. The remaining $310 million in cash is also available for capital allocation at the GenOn entity level, a portion of which will be used in 2014 for the Avon Lake and Newcastle gas conversions we announced previously as a part of our operational improvements. Although not reflected in the consolidated NRG liquidity view, as of year-end there is also an additional $150 million available under the inter-company revolving credit facility, further enhancing GenOn’s available liquidity. Now turning to an update on NRG’s dividend on Page 19, when we initiated NRG’s first-ever dividend in 2012, supported initially by our growing contracted solar portfolio, we committed to both sustaining and growing this important component of our return of capital to shareholders, and I’m pleased to announce our second consecutive year of double-digit dividend growth with a 17% increase in our annual dividend to $0.56 per common share, an increase of over 50% from our initial dividend of $0.36 per share in 2012. Our growing portfolio of contracted assets combined with our share of the increasing distributions from NRG Yield provides a strong base for NRG’s commitment to dividend growth. This year’s dividend increase also returns our dividend yield to 2%, delivering more than 15% of NRG’s total standalone free cash flow before growth as a current return to our shareholders. We’re committed to continuing to grow NRG’s dividend each year by a discretionary amount toward our goal of aligning our dividend with the distributions we receive from NRG Yield. As we continue to realize the benefits of NRG Yield’s cost of capital and enhancing our opportunities to develop new contracted generation, and NRG Yield itself builds on its demonstrated ability to execute on third party acquisitions, our ultimate objective is to establish the NRG dividend as a direct pass-through of our distribution from NRG Yield, thereby allowing our dividend to reflect our broader strategic alignment with Yield. Turning to 2014 capital allocation on Slide 20, NRG finished the year with over $2.2 billion in consolidated cash and cash equivalents. After subtracting our minimum cash balance, which also includes the $40 million in minimum cash at NRG Yield, and subtracting cash at various projects not currently distributable, we begin 2014 with nearly $1.2 billion in excess cash forming the base of our capital available for allocation. Adding our free cash flow before growth range to this balance gives NRG $2.139 billion to $2.339 billion in cash available for capital allocation this year. During the year, scheduled debt amortization will further reduce NRG’s consolidated debt by nearly $200 million. We’ve reserved $800 million of capital to fund part of the cash needed for the EME acquisition. The balance of the cash portion of the EME purchase price will be funded by the proceeds we received from the NRG senior notes offering earlier this year and $800 million in cash acquired from EME as a part of the transaction.  We begin 2014 with $330 million in previously allocated capital towards growth investments, which includes investments in operational improvements, conventional investments, and solar. $67 million in integration costs largely represents the balance of costs associated with the GenOn transaction, and finally we’ve allocated $175 million toward our increased dividend in 2014. After these allocation items, NRG has $575 million to $775 million in remaining excess capital. We see growing opportunities for additional accretive investment in the current market environment, and NRG has ample surplus capital to take advantage of these opportunities. In addition, we expect to significantly increase this amount through proceeds to be received from drop-downs to NRG Yield during 2014, and we’ve already begun discussions with NRG Yield on the first three of these, which we expect to announce in the next 60 days. While we remain in line with our prudent balance sheet management target ratios, as we drop down assets, a portion of the project level distributions attributable to NRG Yield decreases the denominator in our corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratio. Following each drop down, we will evaluate the impact on our target ratios and may allocate a portion of the proceeds toward debt reduction if needed. Finally, having increased our dividend, we will revisit share repurchases as a means to augment our returned capital to shareholder, depending on investment opportunities, our exit capital balance and market condition as the year unfolds.  With that, I’ll turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David Crane: Thank you Kirk. As Mauricio did, the sort of overall goals and objectives for the company, which we always do on this call, appear on Slide 22. You can see our priorities for the 12 months ahead and this will allow you to follow along and hold us accountable for our progress. As you see from the list, we don’t lack either ambition or in things to do, but I think one of the things I’m proudest of is that we’ve proven in the past that we can succeed at this company on multiple fronts simultaneously.  So with that, Grant, I think we will open the phone lines for some questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Cohen from ISI. Please go ahead.
Jon Cohen – ISI: Thanks, good morning guys. A couple questions – Mauricio, last year, you guys left yourself pretty open to the Texas summer and the weather really didn’t show up, which caused the spark spreads to collapse early in the season, and you can see that on your Page 12, the delta between the ’13 and ’14 spark spreads. So just given that the outcomes are pretty primary and the experience you had last year, has that impacted your thinking about how you’re going to hedge the Texas summer going into ’14?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey Jon, good morning. As you can see on our hedge table, for 2014 around our (indiscernible) portfolio, we’re pretty hedged. Where we have maintained the length has been around our gas portfolio and that, as you can appreciate for competitive reasons, we don’t disclose particularly as we go into the summer. But what I will tell you is we are evaluating the open position that we have relative to last year. From a fundamental standpoint, it was tighter last year. We’re seeing some plants coming online this year, and we’re taking that into consideration. Now keep in mind that we also have some positive developments. One is the increasing price (audio interference) to 7000 and then the second one is the implementation of ORDC, which would improve potential scarcity pricing. So you know, we’re balancing both the fundamental view that we have and some of the market changes, so of course it always influences our view but I would say—you know, that’s what I would give you in terms of color on how we’re approaching (indiscernible).
Jon Cohen – ISI: Okay, thanks. I think I missed about 50% of what you said. I don’t know if it was just me or everybody, but I’m sure it was good so I’ll go back and read the transcript. Then another question for Kirk – there’s been a lot of chatter among the fixed income community recently about certain coverage thresholds being breached at one of the GenOn subs and speculation as to how that’s going to impact the rest of the GenOn structure. Appreciating that there’s still a lot of uncertainties and that your first maturity is sometime away, can you talk generally about what the issue is and whether you’re concerned about it, and maybe a few of the options that you have available to deal with it?
Kirk Andrews: Sure, Jon. Well first of all, as you’ll read later as we file our 10-K, there are a number of distribution tests within the GenOn (indiscernible), most notably there are three. There’s one at GenOn which is exactly what you’re used to seeing in our unsecured notes, which is the distribution test at 5.75 times corporate debt to corporate EBITDA, and then both GenOn and REMA have fixed charge coverage ratios. GenOn’s ratio is a trailing ratio. We were kind of right on top of that, slightly over it as of the end of the year. GENMA and REMA are slightly below their fixed charge coverage ratio test, and importantly those tests are both backward looking on a 12-month basis and forward looking. So currently, the cash that I went through on the liquidity slide is subjected to those various tests, but given that we reserve a certain amount of cash for liquidity needs within the complex and there is an ample amount of cash within that, we’re comfortable in the current environment; and while certainly one could prognosticate about what the future impact might hold in terms of where the commodity price environment is, et cetera, from my perspective you look no further than the unusual events especially that occurred in the northeast, where a lot of those plants are located, and how some of the upside can change the fortunes especially from a cash and liquidity standpoint. So currently we’re quite comfortable with the liquidity levels across the complex, and there are various means at our disposal to manage around that, most notably as I indicated in my remarks, we’ve got that inter-company credit facility between NRG and GenOn to help support the liquidity needs moving forward. But as I said, there is ample liquidity currently there today.
Jon Cohen – ISI: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys.
David Crane: Thanks Jon. Is there another question? Well, I don’t know if people on the phone are having communications issues, but we’re not hearing anything here.
Jon Cohen – ISI: I can just keep asking questions if you want.
David Crane: Yeah! Well Jon, that sort of depends on whether they’re easy questions, but why don’t you go ahead.
Jon Cohen – ISI: Why is NRG such a good company?
David Crane: Because it’s followed by such great sell-side analysts! Okay, go ahead, Jon.
Jon Cohen – ISI:  No, I mean I guess one other question is just as you talk about your distributed generation strategy, do you see the potential for maybe some distributed generation assets being dropped into NYLD? Could that be a financing vehicle going forward for—so maybe some longer term retail PTAs?
David Crane: You know, it’s interesting, and I guess I should answer that question—well, I guess I can answer that question from NRG’s perspective. We would hope and we believe that the management of NRG Yield has discussed with the NRG Yield board of directors, their independent directors, the idea that ultimately down the road – and this is a few years down the road – that whether it’s C&I level customers or even ultimately residential customers, that they’re going to have to be looking at leases or offtake agreements that aren’t just with sort of the traditional utilities but these sort of credit bundles, if you will. So we do think that that ultimately—you know, from NRG’s perspective we would hope that NRG Yield would be able to wrap their mind around the offtake credit is going to become a little bit more varied than just utility offtakes. But I think from NRG Yield’s perspective, that’s at least two to three years away before they’re going to have to confront that, because I think it would take two to three years for us at NRG to be able to sort of bundle appropriate packages to deliver to them for consideration. Thank you, Jon, for that entertainment moment, because I think that we can go back to the queue. Grant?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Good morning. 
David Crane: Stephen, everything we possibly could do to block you out did not work, so now it’s your chance to ask a question.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Yeah, you delayed as long as you could, but we still have about 15 minutes. So yeah, I wanted to just get your sense of as you look at acquisition opportunities, both for renewable assets, contracted fossil assets, can you just give a little color on the extent to which you do see opportunities? Clearly the NYLD currency must be helpful, but I’m just curious, as you seeing willing sellers, are you seeing a fairly large amount of opportunities, or are there issues in terms of whether there’s—you know, the delayed transaction? Just some color on sort of the M&A market, if you could.
David Crane: Well the M&A market—the question was specifically the M&A market for contracted assets, is that right?
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: That’s right. 
David Crane: Yeah. So what I would tell you, Stephen, is that I think it is sort of a—it’s a target rich environment, and right now while there are a lot of other people that are, as you know, talking about yield vehicles, there aren’t that many others out there that actually exist, and the ones that are, are much smaller and sort of single asset or single type of asset, so we like to think not at the same quality as NRG Yield. So there are a lot of targets. What I would tell you is that the two challenges that have to be overcome is, number one, the success of NRG Yield and what it means about NRG Yield’s cost of capital. The math can easily be done by the seller, and so my bigger concern rather than having a bunch of targets is making sure that the seller doesn’t think that all the benefit of NRG Yield’s cost of capital goes to them, because for it to work, we have to have some clearance on our cost of capital. So I think it’s raised price expectations amongst sellers of contracted assets. The second thing, and this is an interesting area, it’s just more complicated, is that particularly when you talk about renewable contracted assets, there are a lot of thinly capitalized companies that have a portfolio of operating assets but they also have a development portfolio, and what’s interesting to me and interesting to them, but complicated, is the idea of working out an arrangement going forward where they can feed their contracted assets into NRG Yield but also have some sort of understanding with respect to their development assets when they get them finished. That could very much be a win-win, but it’s complicated.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: That’s great color. David, I wanted to talk kind of about the future of distributed generation. You’ve written some interesting things and I think recently gave a discussion of this. One of the elements I wanted to talk about was the Stirling engine coupled with batteries. If you could just give us a sense for how that business plan is developing, what we should be looking for, how you see that potentially rolling out over time.
David Crane: Well I mean, I’m always very concerned about the precise nature of the question, Stephen. I mean, the Stirling engine, it has a few batteries in it but the beauty of the Stirling engine, which for other people on the call, we hope it to be our entrance into the distributed generation in terms of reliable distributed or non-intermittent distributed generation, is that while it does have a few batteries in it to sort of clean up the power from a voltage perspective, for us it’s a substitute for massive banks of batteries. The basic theory of it is that if you have a machine that ties to the natural gas system in the United States, you can link it up with solar on a distributed basis and you don’t need to have a basement full of batteries.  So what we’re trying to get to on Stirling, we’re in the field demonstration phase, Stephen. We expect to have 20 machines out in real-life applications by the end of the first half of this year, and that will lead to a decision to go to large-scale manufacturing in the second half of the year, and hopefully available for—you know, fully commercially available certainly by the second half of 2015. So I think you’ll be hearing a lot more about that over the next six to 12 months.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks so much. I’ll let others have some time. 
David Crane: Did that answer your question?
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: That answers it. Thank you very much.
David Crane: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo from UBS. Please proceed.
Paul Zimbardo – UBS: Hi, good morning. I had a question about your expansion plans in California – I think you’ve called them significant repowering opportunities, what you’re seeing out there, and also your contracting efforts in New York.
David Crane: Well, in general terms I think our main goal in California is in the wake of the San Onofre closure to move forward with our project at Carlsbad, which I think it’s well on track; it’s just that things go—it takes a while in California. I’m actually—in addition to people I’ve previously said, John Chillemi, who runs California for us is here. John, do you have anything to add to that?
John Chillemi: I do. There is also an RFO ongoing right now with Southern California Edison, and two of our sites that have great repowering opportunities are participating in that. One is the El Segundo energy center second phase, which is 435 megawatts proposed, and the other is what we call the Mandalay repower in Oxnard, where there’s a station there that we’re looking to replace with 300 megawatts. So we are participating in the current SE RFO, and we’re also pursuing the Carlsbad energy center.
David Crane: Okay, thanks John. And you mentioned New York – I think it was announced recently about a refueling of Dunkirk in western New York to gas, which I think is very helpful. We have a permitted site in New York City at Astoria which we’d love to go forward. We’re just hoping basically for a long-term contract. So as I’ve said previously, I hope just in terms of intrinsic growth that over the next 12 to 18 months, we certainly can go forward with 1,000 to 2,000 megawatts in total of redevelopments of existing sites off the strength of long-term contracts so that they would be assets that over time would be – I don’t know if this is proper English – drop down-able into NRG Yield.
Paul Zimbardo – UBS: Okay, great. A follow-up question – on Slide 6, it’s really great, a lot of information there. On the bottom, if you kind of had to place your bets, if you will, where do you see the biggest growth opportunities for (indiscernible)? I know you touched on energy storage a little bit already.
David Crane: Well, I think if you’re talking about growth opportunities in terms of financial growth in the near term, the type of term that most people on the phone are probably interested in, sort of the two to five-year term, by far I think that the greatest growth effort for us would be actually in the center column where traditional retail and residential solar come together. We are big believers in this view that various analysts, maybe some analysts on the phone, have also come to the conclusion that within the next 12 to 24 months in 24 states, roughly 20 to 24 states, residential solar will be cost competitive, and where we see our advantage is in combining that with actually supply of system power. So I would say in the medium term time frame, that is the highest growth area.
Paul Zimbardo – UBS: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: Awesome, thank you. So I wanted to start with the year-to-date results. I know you don’t want to quantify any benefit, but you kept talking mostly about your generation assets. How did the retail perform year-to-date?
David Crane: So Angie, first of all, I should say the first draft of our comments, Chad wanted me to say about how we wouldn’t talk about year-to-date. He almost had a sentence in there saying, Angie won’t listen to our statement that we won’t talk about it.  So what I would say, we have Elizabeth and Jim here, but I would say that the cold weather that we have—I mean, there have been bouts of cold weather. It’s been coldish weather in Texas, but nothing of course like what we’ve seen in the northeast. But we’ve had good volume in Texas and so—and that by far is the biggest portion of our retail, so I’d say that they’re sort of on a positive track. With respect to the northeast and the extraordinary weather that we’ve got up here, as we’ve talked about, the various extreme weather events in the summer or the winter, we hedge our retail book against expected weather so when extraordinary weather comes there is a road bump, so I would say that the results in the northeast retail year-to-date were not positive. But the scale of it relative to the positive side on the wholesale, it’s sort of a rounding error.
Angie Storozynski – Macquarie: Okay, that’s great. Moving on to the South Central business, there was a pretty significant drop year-over-year in the profitability of this business. The area has just joined MISO. How should we think about it going forward? Is this actually—is the MISO joining, does it actually create potential upside to your earnings power from the plants there, or is it given that there’s going to be more availability of power in the region, that’s actually going to suppress earnings further?
David Crane: It’s a good question, Angie, and that’s why it’s a tough question. I’m going to ask Mauricio to answer it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning Angie. So look, year-over-year South Central was affected by lower spark spreads, and I don’t think you can—as we go into MISO, and that integration just happened at the end of the year, we’re still waiting to see how that market will develop and some of the initial pricing has been somewhat positive. But just looking at 2013, you saw in our compression of spark spreads, we didn’t have sustained weather so that affected the profitability of the business. That’s pretty much it.
Angie Storozynski – Macquarie: Okay, and my last question is you’re talking about asset drop-downs to NRG Yield, and there’s clearly a big gap in the value, which is implied in the NRG share price from the market value of NRG Yield. How should we think about your ability to bridge this gap? Is it that every time there’s a drop down of assets into NRG Yield, you’re basically going to use the cash to buy back shares of NRG, or—and that’s how you’re actually going to link the valuations of these two stocks?
Kirk Andrews: Angie, it’s Kirk. First of all, in terms of the value linkage, the only thing I would say is prescriptively in terms of our long term goals is my remarks about the dividend. In terms of the specific proceeds from NRG Yield drop-downs, we look at that as just capital replenishment, and we would deploy that capital towards the opportunities as we see them across the three categories as we typically describe them. I made a couple of remarks about the impact on drop-downs on our credit ratios, which of course we take that into consideration as to what, if any, portion of those proceeds would go towards maintaining those target ratios, and then we approach the remaining capital, which would be the substantial portion of that from any drop-down as we would any capital allocation decision between NRG and NRG Yield.  But certainly we’re mindful of the fact that the cash proceeds are easier for the market to grasp in value than is our stake in NRG Yield, but our focus is certainly in driving the success of that moving forward in part to help resonate the fact that NRG Yield as we expected to do, most notably because of some of the opportunities that John Chillemi mentioned. That is really an enabling factor to allow us to drive our success and be more competitive in realizing the benefits of the opportunities that present to us in our markets for redevelopment, which is largely going to be on a contracted basis.
Angie Storozynski – Macquarie: Okay, but just going back to the original statement you made about watching your credit metrics, there is so much debt that is moving with these assets, like if these are highly levered solar assets, a lot of them actually, so the drop-downs into the NRG Yield should significantly de-lever your balance sheet, so why would credit metrics worry you at NRG?
Kirk Andrews: Sure. On a consolidated basis, that’s true; however, in terms of our credit ratios, especially under our indentures there’s a very important corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratios, the debt which is all non-recourse at those excluded project subsidiaries that make up all of the assets, both in NRG Yield as well as the assets in ROFO pipeline, that doesn’t count towards that particular ratio, i.e. the numerator of that ratio. However, as I indicated in my remarks, the one thing we do benefit from in those excluded project subs in terms of the denominator, that is the corporate EBITDA, is the distributions that we get from those subsidiaries. So when we move an asset into NRG Yield, it does not affect our corporate debt, i.e. the numerator; it does reduce the corporate EBITDA by the amount of those distributions, the denominator.
Angie Storozynski – Macquarie: Okay.
David Crane: Thank you, Angie. And Grant, I know we’re approaching if not passed the top of the house, and some of the people on the call will have another earnings call with NRG Yield in half an hour, and I know the management of that company gets really antagonized when we go over. But since we did have that disruption, I’d like to take two more calls and then anyone that we don’t get to, we apologize and please contact Chad and we’ll set up a call or try and answer your questions. So Grant, two more callers and then we’ll be done.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Any thoughts on the demand revisions here from Ercot: And then the preliminary CDR has come out. Any early thoughts on their views of reserve margins? 
David Crane: Well, let me just say I’m sure Mauricio will have more to add to this. I think we’ve shown here, didn’t we, that—I mean, Texas was up 3.4% for the quarter, so why someone thinks Texas is going to suddenly stop—go down to 1, I mean, you tell me. We would be planning for more robust growth.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, I think—Neil, our view is that we’ve seen over the past three years low growth, weather-normalized close to 2%. We have seen the revised new load forecasting methodology coming out of Ercot, and I think it has it around 1.3%. We disagree with that assessment. I have not seen the new CDR since I’ve been sitting I’ve been sitting here, but what I would tell you is we’re going to look at some of the other assumptions that they have embedded in their 1.3% load forecast and the variables on the CDR, particularly around energy efficiency to make sure that there is no double counting. You know, we’ll go through that in the next couple of hours, but what I will tell you is we continue to see very robust demand not only Ercot as a whole but speaking with Elizabeth and her team at retail. We don’t see the economy as slowing at all.
David Crane: Yeah, I’d actually like Elizabeth to comment on that because a big part—you know, an important sales channel for Reliant is actually people moving in, and as far as I know, I’ve heard of no abatement in terms of pace of people moving into Texas. And if we get 18 inches on Sunday, hell, I’m moving to Texas!
Elizabeth Killinger: And you’d be welcome. No, I would agree with what Mauricio said. The economy is very healthy in Texas. It was the last to go into the recession, the first to rebound, and we have new businesses coming in Houston, to the greater Houston area, and Dallas sees some of the same. From a retail perspective, our engine is strong across all of our retail brands in Texas and momentum is strong, and I’m excited about what we’re going to do this year.
David Crane: Yeah, so we don’t believe it. Did you have another question?
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Yeah, on the PTM auctions here, can you talk about pluses and minuses as you think about it as the auctions are coming up, both for RTO and then also for the eastern footprint?
Mauricio Gutierrez:  Okay, Neil, I’ll pass it on to Chris Moser.
Chris Moser: Hey Neil, it’s Chris. On the BRA coming up in May, I think one of the big pieces that we’re going to see is the limits on imports – I know they’re about 7,500 megawatts that cleared in the ’16 - ’17. For the ’17 – ’18, that looks like it’s going to be capped at about 6,500. You’ve also got the cap on DR, the limited DR, which has been 90%-some of the DR that tends to get purchased, so that’s going to be capped at around 2%, so call that 2,500 versus the 10,000 or so that cleared last time. So those are two of the big ones. I know they’re still working on DR operability and a couple of other moving pieces, so those are kind of the pluses we see for the BRA. In terms of the incremental that is closing later today, it’s going to be interesting. This is the first time we’ve seen PJM on the buy side – normally, they are reducing load forecasts and have extra megawatts available that they’ve got to spit out into the third incremental. This is the first time that PJM is actually on the buy side and will be procuring some, so that’s a swing of 1,000 or 1,500 megawatts there, and it will be very interesting to see where this one clears. I believe the numbers come out next Friday.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you guys.
David Crane: Thank you. So Grant, last question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Hi, good morning. I might have missed some of this in the in and out of the call, but just curious to your interest in—there’s a lot of distressed people both in conventional generation as well as more recently in retail. It seems like there’s a lot of retail businesses for sale. Could you give us at least some view of your interest in acquiring more of both?
David Crane: Yeah, what I would say about that is that—I mean, both in terms of conventional, wholesale and retail system power, they are both core parts of our businesses, particularly in the geographic areas we’re in. We look at everything, so we look at everything and we get specific on nothing on a call like this. But no – we definitely actively look at everything, and I don’t know if I would say—you sort of said distressed, but I mean, we were a little bit surprised that we didn’t actually get more questions about buybacks, why aren’t you announcing buybacks. But Kirk said it near the very end of his comments, which it is a good time, I think, to be a buyer and so—because it does seem like there’s a lot of potential opportunities out there, and at a particular price we’re interested in a lot of things. I would say on the generation side, the times where we used to say to you, look, we really need a counterweight for our position in Texas and we’ve got this northeast but we need more in PJM, that was the one compelling strategic need we had on the generation side, and let’s face it – that was satisfied by the GenOn transaction. So I think it’s a more opportunistic approach on the wholesale side. On the retail side, clearly we have a fantastic market leading position in Texas. It could always be better. We’re interested in more retail in the northeast, but in the northeast it’s sort of market to market, and some markets are good, some are less good. So we look at everything and we’ll see what happens over the next six months.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Great. Thank you very much.
David Crane: Okay, thank you Steven, and thank you all for hanging in there with us through whatever troubles there were with the phone and for an hour and 10 minutes, and we’ll try and be more succinct next time. So Grant, I think that’s it.
Operator: Okay, thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today’s conference. This now concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-12 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin - Vice President of Investor Relations David W. Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Steffes - Chief Executive Officer and President Christopher S. Moser - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 NRG Energy, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Janeyda, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Chad Plotkin, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Janeyda, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to NRG's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call, associated presentation material, as well as a replay of the call in the Investor Relations section of our website. [Operator Instructions] In addition, as this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Before we begin, I urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation, which explains the risks and uncertainties associated with future events in the forward-looking statements made in today's press release and presentation material. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and the conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is Tuesday, November 12, 2013, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Chad, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I know many of you have taken time out of your schedule from the EEI conference in Orlando, so I thank you, in particular, for joining us. And I think you should consider yourself lucky that you're in Orlando because it's snowing up here in Princeton, New Jersey. I'm sure many of you would like to dial back later in the morning for the first-ever NRG Yield earnings call, so we're going to try and be very brief in our remarks on both calls today. Joining me here for the NRG call are Jim Steffes and Elizabeth Killinger, who run our Northeast Retail and Texas Retail businesses, respectively; and Chris Moser, who runs our commercial operations. All 3 of them will be available to answer any specific questions you might have in their areas. Plus, of course, I'm joined by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer. They will both be presenting after me and then also available to answer your questions. Beginning with Slide 3 in the presentation deck, even with wholesale power prices in our core markets persistently weak throughout the summer period, I'm generally satisfied with the company's performance, financial and otherwise. As you know, the third quarter is, by far, our most important quarter. And this year, we generated $1 billion of adjusted EBITDA. In the weak wholesale power market environment that we remain mired in, $1 billion is a good result. Indeed, it is the most EBITDA NRG has ever generated in the third quarter. Given the average summer weather and the almost total absence of scarcity pricing in our core markets, this record performance, obviously, a product of the key strategic initiatives we have executed over the past few years. Ultimately, while we had to reduce our 2013 financial guidance last quarter, this quarter's performance affords us the ability to stay within our revised 2013 financial guidance. One clear impact of this summer's weather and subdued market pricing that followed it has been a continuous decline in the forward-price curve across all of our core wholesale markets, but especially in Texas. As such, we feel it's prudent at this time to reduce our 2014 guidance. Which reduction, as Kirk will address in more detail, is entirely driven by the earnings expectations of our core wholesale business. The other parts of our competitive NRG platform, our retail business and our clean energy business, continued to deliver strong support for the long-term investment thesis for NRG. Indeed, our free cash flow before growth for 2013 is extremely robust with $896 million produced after 3 quarters, well on our way to a full year result in the upper end of our previous guidance range. And free cash flow before growth in 2014 is projected to be somewhat lower than previously expected as a function of reduced EBITDA guidance. But it, nonetheless, is expected to remain strong within over $1 billion midpoint in our revised 2014 guidance for free cash flow before growth. As regard to our strategic initiatives, NRG is, as you know, a company that does not sit still. We move towards where the opportunity is in our sector. And of course, in so doing, we feel that we have established a record over the past several years of investing the company's excess cash generation wisely, both for capital allocation and through reinvestment in our asset platform. And we believe the most recent examples of this reinvestment in our asset platform, the GenOn deal, and now, Edison Mission Energy, are further proof that we are deploying a good portion of that capital in acquisitions that will be accretive over time through a combination of operational and cost synergies even under near-term market conditions, while preserving for NRG the significant upside that will accrue to us in the event of a significant upturn in the cyclical commodity markets. So taking these 2 acquisitions in chronological sequence, turning to Slide 4, I know this is a slide you have seen before, so I will be brief. But it's important to note that a lot of hard work is still going on within NRG to ensure the successful conclusion of the integration program arising out of the GenOn transaction. With nearly 90% of the identified cash flow synergies now executed upon, we are positioned to realize the full benefit of the combined company beginning as planned on January 1, 2014. Since the 1-year anniversary is approaching, I want to again thank our integration team led by Anne Cleary and Patti Helfer for their extraordinary effort in this positive result. Under their leadership, we have not only improved our ongoing cost structure as a function of our overall size, we have improved the basic functioning of our company. Now moving to Slide 5, the EME transaction and what comes next. I know we announced the proposed acquisition of Edison Mission Energy just over 3 weeks ago and have not provided much detail to date. Even though Kirk will be providing some additional commentary on this call, I fear that the paucity of information we are providing, particularly financial information, will be frustrating to you. Unfortunately, the information blackout needs to continue, at least until the go-shop period expires on December 6. Strategically, I'd like to reiterate that the proposed acquisition of Edison Mission drives value on multiple fronts for NRG, both directly and through our majority ownership interest in NRG Yield. With nearly 1,600 megawatts of both conventional and wind assets eligible for future drop-downs in NRG Yield, the EME acquisition will increase the megawatts available to NRG Yield owned by NRG by over 150% compared to the ROFO Assets. Secondly, by expanding our base of conventional assets at a value we believe is appropriate, NRG achieves more geographic and dispatch diversity, which is likely to prove quite important across the wholesale price cycle, particularly as the supply-demand dynamics in our various core regions separate from each other. Importantly, though, in light of the tremendous success we have experienced in realizing synergies from the GenOn combination, our confidence in both rightsizing the acquired platform, as well as creating incremental value from leveraging the lessons learned from GenOn, is quite high. With that said, let me update you on a few elements of the transaction on Slide 6. First, while we remain in a go-shop period through December 6, 2 key milestones already have been achieved and the necessary regulatory filings remain well on track. The bankruptcy court approved our bid protections, which provide us some consideration for our effort should a higher bidder come on. In addition, 74% of the bondholders of EME have now signed on to the planned support agreement entered into between EME and us. These are both important milestones in the progress of this deal. On the right side of Page 6, you will see areas of potential value-creation we see in the EME transaction. We look forward to sharing more of our thoughts around these areas when the timing is more appropriate and as we become more intimately familiar with the operations of the EME assets. Now turning to Slide 7. As we move into the final month of 2013, our priorities are clear. First, we need to finish strong and improve all of our operational and financial metrics led, of course, by safety. Beyond achieving strong day-in, day-out performance, there are several strategic initiatives, the implementation of which looms large. The most notable of these strategic implementation projects are listed on this Slide 7. And most, if not all of them, should be familiar to you. You will be hearing more about each of these in the months and quarters to come. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We are first summer behind us as a combined company. And with over 47 gigawatts of generation under management, I was quite pleased with our third quarter performance. Our wholesale and retail units performed well. We have made significant improvement in safety, and the continued execution on our operational improvement initiatives across the organization allowed us to achieve record quarterly financial performance. While the overall summer was challenging in terms of wholesale prices in Texas and the Northeast, we are encouraged by the clear signs of market design improvements across our key markets. Specifically, we were pleased to see the Public Utility Commission of Texas making clear their commitment to a mandated reserve margin, eliminating some uncertainty in our largest market. As David mentioned, as a result of the weak summer prices in Texas and the increasing gas production in the Northeast, forward gas and power prices have continued to be under significant pressure and importantly, have not recovered to the levels we saw earlier this year. As such, we are now recalibrating our expectations for wholesale business for 2014. Our development program continues to achieve significant milestones. During the quarter, we achieved commercial operations at El Segundo Energy Center and Agua Caliente, and with CVSR coming online in October, brings our total solar portfolio to over 700 megawatts in operation. Finally, Ivanpah remains on track to achieve operations by the end of the fourth quarter. Turning to our operations review on Slide 10, and starting with safety. Our performance improved during the quarter as a direct result of the initiatives we implemented prior to the summer. We had 110 out of 119 facilities finish the quarter without a single recordable injury, and we remain well on track to deliver another year of good safety performance. Our total generation was down 9% for the quarter, driven primarily by lower gas generation on our East Region, which was down close to 20% from last year. A combination of low power prices in PJM, the retirement of bunker 3 and 4 and unplanned outages in our PJM coal fleet drove generation down for these. Our other operating regions were relatively stable, with South Central and California experiencing slightly lower generation driven by higher gas prices and Texas roughly flat to last year. Regarding flat performance, despite lower starts, our gas fleet performed at 98% starting reliability. But as I mentioned earlier, coal availability metrics were impacted during the quarter by unplanned outages at Morgantown and Cheswick. These happened during periods of low power prices. And with exceptional work by our commercial operations team, the economic impact was muted. It is important to note that when it mattered the most, the portfolio performed exceptionally well during the 2 heat waves in the Northeast this summer. Regarding our continuous improvement effort under the FORNRG program or the operational synergies from the GenOn combination, our plant operations group continues to do an outstanding job in balancing operational performance, with maintenance spend consistent with market conditions. From both our historical practices and the lessons learned from the GenOn combination, the foundation has been set to execute on the synergy numbers we have committed to you and sets the stage for our next effort, the Edison Mission transaction. Moving on to Slide 11. Our retail business performed within our revised expectations for the third quarter, where we delivered $176 million in adjusted EBITDA compared to $173 million last year. Our Texas mass business remains strong and stable, with unit margins up slightly during the third quarter, along with continued customer growth and bolstered by the introduction of innovative products and services. In the Northeast, we launched sales of NRG-branded electricity plants to residential customers, including customizable products and time-of-use offers. When margin pressure and competition in the Northeast mass business remains intense, we're being disciplined in acquiring customers and managing profits. Moving to the Commercial and Industrial business. As we have mentioned on prior calls, we continue to be very diligent in our efforts across all competitive markets where we're winning profitable deals and walking away from those that don't meet our return threshold. To avoid just competing on price, we are intensifying our efforts to provide comprehensive solutions to our customers beyond system power, including backup generation, solar and demand response. Consistent with this strategy, we closed the acquisition of Energy Curtailment Specialists as demand response provider this quarter. Across our entire retail segment, we will continue to manage the business in order to optimize customer growth and near-term earnings while protecting long-term value. For the 11th consecutive quarter, we increased customer count, and at the same time, our cost-reduction efforts continued to produce strong results, with third quarter operating expenses down 8% year-over-year and SG&A per customer down 9% year-to-date. Turning to Slide 12. While our overall quarterly performance was quite strong, the fact that this summer was a disappointment should be no surprise. Beginning with Texas, a combination of higher wind generation at peak hours, lower unplanned outages and the lack of sustained heat resulted in low power prices with no scarcity hours. From our perspective, it was not the result of weak demand but a healthier supply stock. While we expected to see a recovery in the forward markets throughout the summer given the tight fundamentals, the weak summer prices have put significant pressure on the forward markets, as you can see on the lower-right chart, further exacerbating the challenges to justify new investments. On the regulatory front, we were very encouraged by the clear direction from the PUCT to move forward with the mandated reserve margin and the implementation of an operating reserve demand curve or RDC. We will continue working with all stakeholders to ensure an adequate level of reliability and the most efficient method to achieve it. We remain bullish on Texas and the prospects for our integrated generation and retail businesses, which we just expanded with the acquisition of the Gregory cogeneration plant at a value significantly below replacement costs. Moving on to PJM. Prices this summer cleared higher than last year, driven primarily by higher gas prices and 2 short heat wave events that led to some scarcity pricing. As you can see on the right side of the slide, gas prices have moved up from the lows seen in 2011. In the Northeast, the most recent trend is the abundance of gas coming from the Marcellus Shale, which is changing the market dynamics on flows of gas in PJM and New York. The compression in gas basis have been more than offset by the increasing gas prices at Henry Hub, thus keeping coal-to-gas switching at a relatively low level this summer. We continue to see a significant opportunity for our portfolio in the medium term as a result of anticipated coal retirements, improvements in the energy market reflecting greater scarcity pricing and potential changes in the capacity market around imports and demand response. Finally, moving to New York. On our last call, we recognized the New York guidance for the market design changes made that improved price formation during reserve shortage at the end of this summer. Unfortunately, we're disappointed by the recent actions by the MISO to reduce capacity prices. Last week, the MISO has started to phase the implementation of the Lower Hudson Valley capacity zone, immediately after successfully convincing FERC that such a zone was necessary and proper. Further, next week, the PSC is going to consider whether to formally rescind the retirement of that commercial facility. Taken together, this action seriously undermine confidence in the New York market. Our regulatory team is working very closely with all stakeholders to ensure we maintain the integrity of competitive markets. As you can see on Slide 13, we have significantly increased our hedges in 2014 and are now less than 10% open for the nuclear and coal fleet. We are slightly more open on heat rates due to a few factors: Implementation of ORDC [ph] in ERCOT; increases in price cuts from $5,000 to $7,000 per megawatt hour; and the fact that forwards remain depressed to the lack of liquidity in the market and the weak repricing this past summer. We constantly evaluate the benefits of crossing megawatts with our retail company versus being opportunistic for hedging in the wholesale market. This inherent functionality has the potential to mitigate the impact of financial players leaving this space due to financial reforms. We remain fairly open in the outer years as we see an opportunity for market recovery in 2015 and beyond. Incremental demand due to coal retirements, LNG exports and industrial activity should help support gas prices. In our coal power markets, tightening reserve margins, market design changes, tighter rule for demand response and exit of noneconomic capacity will provide upside for our existing portfolio. As we have done in the past, we will continue to position our portfolio consistent with our fundamental view. With that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. Turning to Slide 15. Although higher power prices failed to materialize over the summer months, NRG generated $1 billion in adjusted EBITDA during the third quarter, placing us at just under $2 billion for the first 9 months of the year and on track with our guidance range for 2013. Third quarter EBITDA was comprised of $741 million from wholesale, $176 million from our retail businesses and $83 million from NRG Yield. Turning to highlights. On the strength of $844 million in adjusted cash flow from operations and nearly $1.2 billion year-to-date, NRG's liquidity improved to a robust $3.7 billion as of the third quarter. In October, we reached full commercial operations at CVSR on time and on budget, putting us in a position to offer our remaining interest in the project, along with 3 other ROFO Assets through 2014, which I'll describe in greater detail shortly. Finally, during the quarter, we worked to complete negotiations with the relevant stakeholders in the Edison Mission bankruptcy, culminating an agreement to acquire substantially all of EME's assets for $2.635 billion or $1.572 billion net of acquired cash. Turning to the guidance overview on Slide 16. With the summer now behind us, we are narrowing our 2013 guidance ranges for both adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow by $100 million. Specifically, we expect 2013 adjusted EBITDA of $2.55 billion to $2.6 billion. Though a lack of any meaningful hot weather over the summer has caused us to reduce the upper end of our guidance ranges for both wholesale and retail by $50 million, we remain on track to end the year within the revised ranges we've provided on our last earnings call. Guidance for 2013 adjusted EBITDA for NRG Yield remains unchanged at $240 million. We've also narrowed the range of our 2013 free cash flow guidance by $100 million, largely reflecting the impact of the narrowed expectations for adjusted EBITDA. However, while the range have narrowed, we have increased the lower end of the free cash flow guidance by $75 million, reducing the upper end by only $25 million. This is largely due to a reduction in expected working capital and reduced capital expenditures over the balance of the year. Turning to 2014 guidance. As a result of declines in forward power prices in both ERCOT and PJM and the corresponding impact in the expected financial performance for our competitive generation business, we are reducing wholesale adjusted EBITDA guidance by $150 million or about 7.5% reduction versus our prior wholesale guidance. Importantly, however, 2014 adjusted EBITDA guidance for both retail and NRG Yield remains unchanged. These guidance ranges continue to reflect our expectations for NRG standalone, without giving effect to the potential impact of the pending EME transaction. Finally, as a result of the reduction in EBITDA guidance, we have also reduced our guidance range for 2014 free cash flow before growth by $150 million. However, despite lower forward wholesale prices and the reduction in guidance, we still expect NRG to deliver approximately $1 billion in free cash flow before growth in 2014. Turning to Slide 17. As of September 30, as I mentioned, driven by strong operating cash flow, NRG's liquidity now stands at just under $3.7 billion, an increase of over $600 million since our second quarter update and $300 million year-to-date. During the third quarter, NRG generated over $800 million in adjusted cash flow from operations, leading to nearly $1.2 billion year-to-date, which, as shown in the sources and uses table to the right of the slide, was the primary driver, further strengthening corporate liquidity. I'll now turn to Slide 18 for an update on the Edison Mission transaction, which we expect to close in the first quarter of 2014. While the expected timing of closing is not yet known, as previously disclosed, we expect the EME asset to deliver approximately $330 million in adjusted EBITDA for the full year 2014, with $185 million of this EBITDA delivered by 1,600 megawatts of long-term contracted wind and gas generation, which is highly consistent with the NRG Yield asset profile, in quality, counter-party credit and average contract duration. Walnut Creek, a brand-new 500-megawatt combined cycle gas-fired facility, which reached COD in May 2013 under a 10-year contract with Southern California Edison, is highly comparable to NRG Yield's Marsh Landing facility, as well as NRG's El Segundo Energy Center, which is one of the right-of-first offer assets. Approximately 1,100 megawatts of EME's long-term contracted wind portfolio makes up the balance of NRG Yield eligible megawatts and complements NRG and NRG Yield's growing contracted renewal portfolio, enhancing geographic and counter-party diversity. We expect this substantial high-quality contract generation portfolio to generate project cash distributions of approximately $60 million to $70 million, and implied ratio of CAFD or cash available for distribution to EBITDA roughly equal to that of the current NRG Yield portfolio. When combined with the 6 right-of-first offer assets, this would create a pipeline of drop-down candidates representing more than 1.5x the cash available for distribution to be generated by NRG Yield's current portfolio in 2014. Through NRG Yield, we expect to more effectively highlight the value of the contracted portion of EME's asset base, replenish and expand NRG capital for allocation, while further driving dividend growth and total return at NRG Yield. The balance of the Edison Mission portfolio further enhances NRG's geographic and fuel diversity and includes an additional 4,300 megawatts of coal and 1,100 megawatts of gas, providing NRG new opportunities to apply asset optimization best practices. Turning to funding for the transaction. The table to the right of the slide illustrates sources and uses based on the purchase price and implied adjustments using EME's balance sheet cash as of September 30, plus our estimate of anticipated changes in non-recourse project debt over the remainder of 2013. For the asset purchase agreement, the actual purchase price will be adjusted based on the differences between actual project debt and cash at the time of closing versus the amount scheduled in the asset versus agreement. Beginning with uses and using the September 30, 2013, cash balance as an example, along with our estimate of year-end project debt, the implied purchase price adjustment would be $306 million. At closing, we expect approximately $800 million of EME cash to be immediately available to fund a portion of the purchase price. We further expect the remaining cash will become available in the months following the closing of transaction. Excluding a non-recourse debt, which will be assumed as a part of the transaction, total implied uses, net of $800 million in estimated EME cash available at closing, will be just over $2.15 billion. Turning briefly to sources. The purchase price for the transaction will be paid in cash, plus 12.7 million shares of NRG common stock. We expect to fund the cash portion of the purchase price using a combination of $800 million in NRG excess cash, $700 million in corporate debt, which is sized to permit us to maintain our target balance sheet management ratios, with the balance funded through a temporary draw of NRG's revolving credit facility, which we'll repay using the expected release of EME working capital during 2014. Moving to Slide 19. I'd like to provide an update on the impact of the EME transaction on NRG's 2013 capital allocation. On the far left of the chart, we began with $1.105 billion in 2013 excess cash at the midpoint, as shown in our capital allocation slide from the second quarter. Changes in excess cash since our last update include an increase of $200 million, which consist of $25 million based on the increase in the midpoint of our 2013 free cash flow guidance, with the balance due to the suspension of the remaining $175 million in share repurchases for 2013. This increase in cash is basically offset by uses of excess cash since the second quarter update of $198 million, which largely consist of acquisition and integration activity, plus changes in growth investments, leaving excess cash unchanged since our second quarter update, prior to taking into account the EME transaction. As I reviewed on the preceding slide, we are reserving $800 million of excess NRG cash to fund the transaction. On a pro forma basis, however, after giving effect to the expected release of additional EME cash of approximately $250 million, NRG will use approximately half of our 2013 excess cash to fund the EME transaction. Importantly, this is before giving effect to any proceeds resulting from the drop-down of ROFO Assets offered to NRG Yield, which we'd expect through 2014 and I'll review in greater detail on the next slide. And in addition, beyond the ROFO Assets, drop-down of EME's substantial portfolio of NRG Yield eligible assets would further serve to expand NRG's capital following the EME transaction. And we'd expect to provide further clarity on this once the transaction is closed. Finally, turning to Slide 20, I'd like to provide an update on our intentions for NRG's assets under the right-to-first offer or ROFO agreement with NRG Yield. NRG intends to offer 4 of the 6 ROFO Assets through 2014. Specifically, we intend to offer NRG Yield the opportunity to acquire El Segundo, High Desert, Kansas South and NRG's remaining interest in CVSR, which on a combined basis, represent over 700 megawatts and approximately $55 million in cash available for distribution. This represents more than a 50% increase in cash billed for distribution over the current NRG Yield portfolio. Beyond 2014, NRG currently expects to offer the remaining ROFO Assets, including NRG's 51% interest in Agua Caliente and our 50.1% interest in Ivanpah. These assets are expected to provide an additional $45 million in cash build for distribution, and when combined with the CAD [ph] from the ROFO assets to be offered through 2014, would double the cash available for distribution at NRG Yield. These potential transactions will not only provide NRG Yield the opportunity to meaningfully increase cash available, driving dividend growth and total return, but will allow NRG to optimize value and meaningfully increase cash available for allocation via the cash portion of drop-down proceeds. With that, I'll turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk. As I had typically done in the past and because this is the last earnings call of the year, I'd like to take a few moments to assess the progress we have made this year -- I mean the goals we set at the beginning of the year, and this is on Slide 22. It would be easy for me to say our stock prices performed pretty well this year so we've had good performance, but we like to think a good stock price performance, in mathematical terms, is the product of our top-to-sell operating performance, times the aggressive and effective implementation of well-thought-through strategic initiatives. On both fronts, I feel like we've had a great year. Across our conventional portfolio, while wholesale prices in Texas did not come through like we had hoped, we've brought online, on time and on budget over 1,400 megawatts of new gas-fired generation across the fleet nationally. Additionally, we increased the amount of free cash flow synergies from the GenOn combination by over 60% from the original $300 million a year identified when we first announced the transaction to over $408 million now. In our retail business, even though we've experienced some challenges in both the Northeast and in the C&I parts of the retail business, our leading retail franchise in Texas remains quite strong, and we continue to bundle new products and services such as demand response with our energy solutions to further strengthen the retail business, which remains a very significant and steady contributor to NRG's corporate-wide strong cash flow. And across our clean energy franchise, we now have over 1,650 megawatts gross of solar and wind assets, which are soon to be augmented by another 1,700 megawatts of renewable generation from the Edison Mission fleet. We also vowed, at the beginning of 2013, to make the most important goal we set for ourselves in this area, was to highlight the full value of our leading solar platform. And with the success of NRG Yield, we feel that we have done just that. Before I close, I would be remiss in not mentioning our existing $200 million stock buyback program, which the EME transaction has prevented us from completing. With respect to capital allocation, we have always prided ourselves on being prudently balanced and on being value-maximizing. This has required us to be flexible so that we can deploy capital when we see value-enhancing opportunities in front of us such as the Edison Mission transaction. As such, while completing our 2013 share buyback program is off the table for the time being, we look forward to fulfilling our commitment once the EME transaction is completed and our unrestricted funds have been replenished. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator, to Janeyda, to -- so we can answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on the increased financial information that you plan on providing after the go-shop period, I'm wondering how soon after the go-shop ends in December we might get that information.
David W. Crane: Well, I mean, we haven't picked a time specifically, I mean, I'd be interested in your feedback. But I mean, with the holidays coming up fairly shortly after there, I think we were thinking early January. I mean, one thing is for certain, we now ask people to wait until our next call, which would be in late February. So -- but I mean, if there's a big difference in Newark, if you think between early January and the call we would otherwise schedule on December 25, we'd be happy to hear about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo with UBS.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Paul from [indiscernible]. My question is about -- if you could just provide some -- I know it's a sensitive topic, some high-level color on some of the synergies with the Edison transaction, particularly your plans for the new coal plants Wahkiakum County [ph]?
David W. Crane: Paul, I mean, I don't really think we can. I mean, I think that for the most part, about all I can tell you is that if you look at the playbook that we followed for the GenOn transaction, it's pretty precisely the playbook we plan on following for the -- for Mission. And so I would sort of expect the same sort of thing. I mean, there's a certain amount that we're going to be able to talk about in terms of what we think we can achieve by putting the company together. But in the same way when we did the GenOn transaction, there were things that we were not comfortable sort of estimating in quantitative terms until we had actually owned the assets and got to a certain level of detail that comes with ownership as opposed to the level of detail that comes with due diligence, then we felt more comfortable to talk more specifically. I think that coal assets in Illinois, those are -- they definitely sort of fall in the second category. That's the more complicated part of the story. So the way we look at them and evaluate them in Illinois could be very much the way we evaluated the GenOn acquisition and the new assets we had in Pennsylvania, in particular, but also in Maryland.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. Now that you're undertaking this transaction, what are your thoughts on further M&A at this point?
David W. Crane: Well, I mean, there's no doubt that, I mean, we like to pride ourselves as a company that we can do several things at one time. But I mean, this is a big transaction, and the big transactions tend to be sequential, number one. Number two, the more transactions you do, the less -- potential transactions, there are less to be done. So I wouldn't say that we've shut down our ability to sort of look at what's available in the industry. But I would say, Paul, what we want to do is we want to be sort of actively engaged in the market because as you could tell by the general context of our earnings call, the commodity price environment at the wholesale side of the business remains extremely challenged. And the time that you want to be a buyer of assets in this space is when there's no hope. When the future looks as dire as possible, that's when you want to be a buyer because that sense of sort of giving up is what causes the price to be at a level where we can continue to do what we've tried to do, which is to accumulate assets in the sector in a way where we -- basically, we can reduce the cost structure because this is a scale business. And so we want to be as active as we can because we think it's a good time to be a buyer, precisely because the commodity price environment is so weak. But we have to recognize that with GenOn just done and Edison Mission still in our forward sights, there are limits to what else we could do until the Edison Mission deal is done.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I want to think about this EME and think about the retail impact. Is there anything there that would either offer revenue synergies, cost synergies, any expansion opportunity on the retail side?
David W. Crane: I'm going to ask Jim Steffes to talk a little bit about it. I would -- Travis, what I would say is at best, that would be not even a secondary, maybe even a tertiary or whatever comes after secondary. I mean, I think there's been some -- we've watched with interest a little bit what goes on, on the retail side in Illinois with community aggregation and all that. Not that we've been that interested in playing that space at the sort of -- at the margins that we've seen there. But clearly, having generation in Illinois would probably get us to take a slightly harder look at the market. But I would absolutely not say that anything having to do with retail wasn't a driver of the Edison Mission transaction. But, Jim, do you have anything?
James Steffes: No, I mean, I think I agree completely with that, David, which is it does position us to look again at Illinois on the retail side and see where that market will evolve to and how much more NRG and our multi-branch strategy can take, can move into that market. But it's something we'll be looking at over time as the transaction moves forward.
David W. Crane: Yes. Travis, do you have anything else on your mind because we sure threw a wet blanket on that question?
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: No, that's exactly what I was thinking of your thinking about expanding. Obviously, we've seen Dynegy talk about that expansion in Illinois and potential margins there. But secondary on it, another subject then, similar I guess. But you talked about, and you have for several quarters, about the financial players, the liquidity issues. How has that changed? Let's look back 3 years or so or 4 years ago, how has that liquidity changed? So maybe liquidity 2, 4 years ago was better as we look out to 3 years forward and now maybe it's 2 years. Again, I'm just putting words in your mouth. But how has that liquidity shrink -- shrunk, if you get what I'm saying?
David W. Crane: So -- and Chris Moser is going to answer that question. But Travis, I just want to make sure I understand. So you're asking about liquidity in terms of how it's affecting our ability to serve hedges we want to in our core markets? Or are you sort of saying the liquidity discount that often makes this sort of out years of trading to us look unnatural from what we actually expect to see in those years? Is it -- because that -- when you said 2 years out, we used to debate that all the time internally. I mean, are other markets a realistic proxy of what's going to happen for 2 years or 3 years or whatever, is that what you're wanting to ask about as well?
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, so that latter, whether you thought you -- yes, 3 or 4 years ago when you had some more financial players, perhaps even some more industry players, whether you were better able to capture what you thought were fair prices 3 years out, let's say. And relative to now, maybe you can only capture fair prices 2 years out?
David W. Crane: Good question. Chris?
Christopher S. Moser: Travis, this is Chris. So as I rewind the clock and go back into kind of 2008, 2009, there were certainly more banks with bigger appetites out there willing to serve. But at the same time, with the general chaos in the markets back in '08 and '09, there were some pretty huge spreads in terms of CDS and whatnot, which actually made it pretty costly for us to go too far out in terms of the charges, credit charges, that the banks were charging back then. It's kind of the reverse now, things have calmed down on the CDS side. But there are just less and less banks that are interested in that with big prop books. One of the things I will emphasize, though, is I think we're in a much better position now than we were back then, simply because we have the retail side and we can cross internally as deep in the curve as we want, and not have to worry about what the banks are doing, or what the CDSs are doing. So I think that's a real nice choice that we have. We can go to the market if we choose to. We can choose to leave it open or we can cross with retail, because they're always -- retail is price agnostic from the perspective is they're pricing deals all the time. It doesn't matter if we think prices are high or low, they are pricing deals all the time. Whereas from the wholesale side, the perspective is always we'd rather sell it when prices are high. So that outlet, the retail outlet is a very good one, a very good option for us to use in cases when we see less liquidity.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you get that 3 years out? I know retail contracts tend to be a little shorter than that. But you [indiscernible] figure out period where you see that liquidity and that missed pricing right now?
David W. Crane: Yes, I would say that the retail contracts, in terms of the residential and whatnot, it tend to definitely be at the shorter-term nature, but the C&I certainly extends beyond 3 years. And that's not a small part of the portfolio that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Cohen with ISI Group.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just couple of questions. First of all, I noticed that you kept the guidance range $200 million wide despite adding a lot of hedges in the third quarter. Can you just run through like what the drivers that will determine where you'll fall in the guidance range, what those are now?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, John, it's Kirk. I mean, I would say that the 2 primary drivers of that would be the upside on the retail side and most notably, the formation of scarcity prices, especially obviously in ERCOT and certainly, on a weather upside as well, which have an influence on that. So because we are more or less open or we'd lean long on the heat rate or on the gas side of our portfolio, that's probably the most significant component of what would lead us towards the upper end of that range.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one other question. If in PJM, the gas dynamics don't improve or if they even get worse, are there levers that you can pull either on the cost side or additional shutdowns that will mitigate some of the revenue impact to the wholesale part of the business?
David W. Crane: John, is this question motivated by this idea that gas and PJM's going to trade at a discount to Henry Hub because of Marcellus excess supply, just to be more specific, is that what you're asking?
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I mean, if you see a persistent low gas price, does that continue to pressure power prices? Are there other things that you would do in how you operate your fleet?
David W. Crane: Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I guess, I'd try to elaborate a little bit on the earnings slide. Certainly, gas basis have been under a lot of pressure because of the gas [indiscernible] we're seeing out of the Marcellus Shale. We need to make sure that the absolute total price that is paid is the one that is going to drive the power dynamics in the East. And I tried to show that actually, chemical prices have moved from their lows that we saw in 2011. So the absolute price of gas in the Northeast have actually increased from 2 years ago, making the coal-to-gas switching less. I tried to depict 2014 and 2015 gas basis, and we see it even potentially a further compression on that. But you need to also take into consideration the Henry Hub price or the absolute price. Now the other dynamic here that will affect what we do with our plants, keep in mind, there is a very robust capacity market. And that capacity market, there are some market design changes that I think, in our perspective, will be supportive of our capacity prices, whether it is limiting imports into the capacity option or changing or tightening the rules around demand response. I mean, I think all of those changes will be supportive and will make a determination in light of not just energy markets but also capacity markets, Jon.
Operator: And this concludes the Q&A portion for today's call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. David Crane for any closing remarks.
David W. Crane: Well, Janeyda, I want to thank you, and I want to thank everyone again who participated on the call for taking time out from their schedule in Orlando or otherwise for participating. And we look forward to talking to you before next quarter, about the Edison Mission transaction. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the presentation. You may now all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin - Vice President of Investor Relations David W. Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher S. Moser - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President Elizabeth Killinger - Senior Vice President for Residential & Operations and President of Reliant Energy James Steffes - Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 NRG Energy, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Katina, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Mr. Chad Plotkin, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to NRG's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call, associated presentation material, as well as a replay of the call in the Investor Relations section of our website. [Operator Instructions] In addition, as this is the earnings call for NRG Energy, any statements made on this call that may pertain to NRG Yield will be provided from NRG's perspective. Before we begin, I urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation, which explains the risks and uncertainties associated with future events in the forward-looking statements made in today's press release and presentation material. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is Friday, August 9, 2013, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Lastly, please note that both David Crane and Kirk Andrews are on the road today, so please bear with us in case we experience any technical issues during this call. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Chad, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm joined on this call, as usual, by Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer; and Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer, and both of them will be giving part of the presentation. We're also joined in Princeton by Chris Moser who runs our commercial operations; Elizabeth Killinger, who's responsible for our Texas Retail Business; and Jim Steffes, who runs our Northeast Retail Business. And Chris, Elizabeth and Jim will all be available to answer any specific questions that you have about their areas of our business. And so let me get right into this topic at hand and if you're following along with the presentation, this would be on Slide 3. Based on our financial performance through the first 6 months of 2013 and the mild weather and subdued wholesale prices that have gripped Texas in the critical weeks of mid-summer that have ensued since the end of the second quarter, we are compelled today to reduce our financial guidance for full year 2013 adjusted EBITDA by 3% at the bottom end of the range and 4% at the top end of the range. This is, of course, very disappointing to me because it raises a real possibility that for the first time since we started giving guidance as a range several years ago, we may end the year below the range of our original expectations. Before explaining the negative drivers which have gotten us to this point, let me emphasize on behalf of all NRG management that finishing the year within our original guidance range is a streak that none of us want to see broken. And I want to assure that we are doing everything we can prudently do between now and the end of the year to get our financial performance back within the original range. In fact, this is a uniquely unusual earnings call for me. In fact, it's my 39th quarterly earnings call before -- as CEO of NRG. Twice before, in the second quarter of 2005 and the third quarter of 2011, to be specific, we have announced financial results which disappointed me, and in both cases, the poor financial results were driven by mediocre-to-bad operational performance. For this, the second quarter of 2013, the situation is different. While our financial performance has not met expectations, either yours or mine, to be candid, I can't say that, overall, I am displeased with the company's operational performance. Certainly, there have been specific operational disappointments that have contributed to our year-to-date shortfall: the extended forced outage at STP2 this spring, the losses attributed to our commercial optimization activities discussed last quarter, the projected delay in the completion of one of our construction projects. But overall, I'm quite proud of our people's performance across the entirety of the company in the first 6 months of 2013. In terms of what we can control, we have had many more wins so far this year than we have had losses. The main culprit driving 2013 soft year-to-date financial results has been a factor beyond our control, which obviously is the Texas summer weather. The weather, which, until this week at least, had been unusually mild by Texas standards, has impacted our volumetric sales at both our Wholesale and Retail businesses, leading to disappointing overall results year-to-date. Plus the mild weather effectively has eliminated the short-term risk of scarcity pricing, which has in turn led to a decline in the forward curve, which obviously has had a negative impact on our assessment of the earnings power of our Texas fleet over the balance of the year. Just as we finally did get some heat in Texas, in fact, Wednesday was the third-highest load demand day on record in Texas and that's only by a few days in August of 2011. But one day does not a season make and the heat will have to occur on a more consistent basis if we are to see more goals [ph] in the market driving up the prices in the foreign market. I will say this, though: The conditions that we experienced this week, high load and low wholesale prices, explain why we are pleased to have a robust wholesale business in Texas -- I mean, I'm sorry, robust retail business in Texas. Anyway, this is enough from me, at least about the weather. It is what it is and we are doing our best to achieve the best financial performance possible in the current commodity price environment. If there is any silver lining in this situation, it is that in 2014, we will be in a much better position to reap the benefit of our long-term strategic plan to diversify our financial performance away from 100% dependence on cyclical commodity risk into a broader and more resilient set of revenue streams, cost savings and cost savings on operational improvements. The EBITDA and free cash flow synergy benefits arising out of the GenOn transaction will be realized on a full year basis in 2014. The timely completion during 2013 of virtually the entirety of our current construction program, including both the conventional and the large-scale solar projects, means that our new builds will contribute in 2014 on a full year basis as well. The additional marketing and customer acquisition spending in the Retail end of our business in 2013 is resulting in an expanded retail customer base that should benefit us financially in 2014 and beyond. These actions and more, I believe, enhance NRG's competitive positioning and our earnings power going forward. So turning to Slide 4, a slide you have come to be familiar with. I'd like to report on the current status of the GenOn integration, which currently is in full tilt. Of course, you are very focused on the financial impact of the integration, which I have a report on here, and I'm pleased to report in that regard that we have identified and secured another $50 million of annual cost synergies, raising that number from $200 million to $250 million per year. And as with all the cost synergies arising out of the GenOn transaction, it will be achieved and have a full year effect by January 1, 2014. The integration numbers are important. They are gratifying in that they have exceeded all of our expectations financially. But I want to make sure that our focus on them does not obscure the fact that achieving this result represents an enormous amount of hard work very capably done by professionals throughout our organization, including all aspects of our plant operations group, as well as by our IT group, HR, accounting, tax, treasury, supply chain management and other key functional and corporate support teams. It also obscures the fact that our second joint objective for our GenOn integration, beyond achieving cost savings, was to create an operation that was not only bigger but also better in every aspect of our processes, practices and technology. I want to let you know that we were well on our way to achieving this joint objective, and I want to thank Anne Cleary, our Chief Integration Officer, and the hundreds of employees that are focused and continue to do so diligently, executing the integration activities and synergy recognition that we have committed to you. We are on track to finish the integration strong in 2013, so as I've said before, we can recognize the fruits of our labor in 2014 and beyond. Another area of intense focus for our company in 2013 is the completion of our $5 billion construction program; it is reported on Slide 5. As you can readily see from the abundance of green checks and green circles on the slide, we are almost done and the record of an on-time, on-budget completion achieved by our EPC group, led by Ben Trammell, is exemplary. Almost all of our new units, whether fossil or conventional, are now in commercial operation and operating well in the early going. Even our 2 giant solar PV projects, CVSR and Agua Caliente, which are listed here as still in construction, are, for the most part, actually in commercial operation since those 2 plants are divided into blocks that are handed over into commercial operation when they are ready. Indeed, over 265 megawatts of the aggregate 398 megawatts of those 2 units are already fully operational. Our one project that has slid in respect of its completion date is Ivanpah where 2 of the 3 units have slid by roughly 1 quarter into the fourth quarter this year. At this point, all 3 units of Ivanpah are at or very near physically complete and the multistage commissioning process has begun. Together with our partners and our contractors, we are moving through the commissioning process deliberately and thoroughly to ensure that it is done right. We are increasingly confident that this groundbreaking solar thermal project is going to be a big success when it achieves commercial operation in the fourth quarter of 2013. Before I conclude, I want to touch upon the topic of NRG Yield as the importance of NRG Yield and its successful reception by the market is just too important to NRG financially and strategically to be overlooked. As depicted on Slide 6, NRG Yield significantly enhances our strategic competitiveness in 2 of our 3 critical business areas. And within those 2 areas, NRG Yield benefits both our intrinsic green and brownfield development efforts and our ability to grow extrinsically by improving our ability to acquire suitable assets at value. This is a very important development in terms of our growth aspirations for our renewable business because at long last, there are signs that the big strategic players in our industry are awakening from their long slumber and finally recognizing both the opportunity and the risk to them that solar represents. And some of them are trying to get active with their lower cost of capital in acquiring contracted solar assets. NRG Yield goes a long way to reducing or eliminating our cost of capital disadvantage to them, making it possible for us to continue to win projects and opportunities based on our greater nimbleness and understanding of the renewable space and particularly, the solar business. Actually, I'm sure everyone on the call recognizes the importance of NRG Yield to our renewable business, which has always been a business driven by renewable portfolio standards and long-term offtake agreements with load-serving entities. What is a little bit less obvious is the importance of NRG Yield to our growth aspirations for our conventional generation business. In the low gas price environment that exists, it's nearly impossible to justify the construction of new capacity on a merchant basis. As the governors of various states consider how they're going to replace the wave of generation capacity that will be retired over the next few years as a result of either economic stress or environmental obsolescence, they are increasingly reaching the conclusion that they need to offer some sort of state-sponsored long-term offtake agreement even for conventional new builds. NRG has the best brownfield sites and the best locations on the grid with the technical expertise and commercial savvy to get these projects filled. But what we lack before NRG Yield was a competitive cost of capital for assets that do not bear commodity price risk. And now we have that. So in summary. If you consider the message contained within my previous 3 slides: the successful integration of GenOn that has outstripped everyone's financials expectations in terms of synergy factor; a massive construction program that has been close to perfectly executed and is now almost completed; and an effective execution of NRG Yield vehicle IPO that has effectively addressed or at least mitigated both our cost of capital issue and our tax benefit optimization issue in respect of our renewable progress. On the progress that's been made by my colleagues at NRG on all of these 3 fronts in the second quarter of 2013, hopefully, you can understand how my disappointment in our financial performance year-to-date has been tempered by my gratitude to my colleagues for advancing the longer-term interest of our company on the 3 integration, construction and optimization initiatives described above. Let me conclude, actually, on a personal note. As I alluded to earlier, I'm now approaching the 10th anniversary of my tenure at NRG, which is not particularly significant to any of you other than it means that the initial sign-on grant of NRG stock options that I received in 2003 expire this year. As such, I want to alert you that over the next few months, in the rare instance when we are not in a closed period for trading purposes, I plan to take steps to convert a modest portion of my overall holdings in NRG stock to other investments, which only will be the second time I have taken such an action in my 10 years at NRG. Even after that partial divestment, I will hold NRG stock well in excess of 10x my paid salary, which exceeds the 6x requirement imposed by the NRG Board of Directors, and I will continue to hold an amount far in excess of the required amount for the full extent of my duration in NRG. I tell you this now for 2 reasons: first, to assure you that there are no surprises with respect to my personal investment decision-making that might raise questions in your mind about my commitment to the success of NRG; and two, to reassure you that in no way does my partial sell-down indicate a pessimistic point of view on my part about the prospects for NRG stock price appreciation. Notwithstanding the challenges of the present commodity environment, I remain very bullish on NRG's prospects to flourish over the short to medium term. Given the relative strength of NRG's financial performance, even now, 4 full years into the commodity price downcycle, I can only imagine how strong we will be when the cycle turns around as it inevitably will do. And when it does, I expect to be there to benefit from it as a major individual shareholder in NRG. So now, I'd like to turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning. During the second quarter, our primary focus was on several key areas: optimizing the overall spend of our fleet as part of the operational synergies effort, continuing to integrate the GenOn assets and getting the portfolio ready for summer operations. Importantly, we executed our spring outage plan to ensure reliable summer operations and our key operational performance metrics improved relative to last year for the combined organization. Our safety numbers are well within top quartile performance but they are not at the level we expect. We implemented a number of corrective actions during the quarter and are encouraged by the changes we have seen over the last 2 months. As David already mentioned, Texas has disappointed so far this summer, both in terms of weather and prices, affecting our integrated business in Texas. Given this market dynamic, we're in the midst of implementing changes across the Retail organization, such as reducing operating costs and expanding our product offerings. These actions are intended to improve financial performance without compromising the long-term value of our franchise. On the quality side, I would like to point out that our financial performance benefited this quarter by improved regional diversification that we have as a result of the GenOn combination. Finally, we continue to make significant progress with our projects under construction. We brought Marsh Landing and the Dover gas conversion projects online in May, the Parish Peaker in June and the El Segundo Energy Center on August 1. This is a great achievement, and I want to join David in recognizing the entire engineering, procurement and construction organization for delivering these 4 projects on time. We continue to focus on the breadth of our utility scale solar projects with a particular emphasis in Ivanpah where full commissioning is under way. There have been some delays in 2 of the 3 units. However, we expect to reach commercial operation by the fourth quarter. Now moving on to our operational metrics on Slide 9, and starting with safety. 99 out of 118 facilities finished the quarter without a single recordable injury. These numbers are solid, but given the increase in recordables we're seeing from last year, we have implemented a number of initiatives, particular in the retail and service groups, where some of our employees are not accustomed to the rigorous safety culture typical in industrial environments. As you can see, our total generation was higher by 2.5% for the quarter, driven primarily by a reversal in coal-to-gas switching and improved coal availability. Coal and nuclear generation were up 20% for the quarter with gas down 35%. Looking around the country. On a regional basis, Texas and South Central were slightly lower, driven by lower gas generation. Northeast and California were slightly higher, given higher load and power prices. Our availability and reliability metrics are up from last year for the combined portfolio. Parish led the quarter with over 90% availability and we successfully executed our spring outage plan with 127 planned outages and more than 2,800 outage days for the year. Identifying additional operational synergies continues to be a priority. With 80 plants and more than 350 units, this provides an opportunity to reduce and optimize maintenance dollars spent on our portfolio. This will continue to be a priority for the operations group as we identify additional synergies. Moving on to Slide 10. Our Retail business performed within our revised expectations for the second quarter where we delivered $140 million in adjusted EBITDA. As we discussed on the June 24 investor call, the combination of milder weather, higher supply costs and the discipline we're taking in our commercial and industrial business largely led to the year-over-year reduction in financial performance. However, as I mentioned earlier, we continue to invest and manage the business in order to optimize near-term earnings while protecting long-term value. To that end, we increased customer count for the 10th consecutive quarter, now up 44,000 customers for the year. This demonstrates the continued momentum we have built in attracting and retaining customers. And while we continue to invest in new markets, new products and new sales channels to drive growing customer count, we are applying the same discipline underpinning the operational synergies across the Wholesale business. As a result, we are recalibrating our Retail cost structure to respond to changing market dynamics. Year-to-date results indicate that our operations and maintenance cost per customer is down 4% year-over-year. Now on a regional basis, we continue to organically grow customer count in Texas as a result of effective execution and expansion of innovative products and services. We have seen retention rates improve by 10% to 20% for customers enrolled in these products. However, total volumes were down close to 7% for the quarter. They were driven by weather and discipline on pricing and margins in the commercial and industrial segments. In the Northeast, while margins have been under pressure, we were able to increase our total revenues, grow customer counts and nearly double retail volume sold across the region. Earnings for the quarter were disappointing relative to last year, but we are absolutely committed to executing for the long term and are pleased to remain the largest retailer in Texas and are excited about our growing Northeast presence. Turning to our market update on Slide 11. Summer weather has not materialized as we expected, particularly in Texas where cooling degree days are down 12% through July compared to last year. As you know, we have maintained a more open gas portfolio to benefit from scarcity pricing given the tighter fundamentals compared to last year. Mild weather and higher wind generation depressed heat rates during the quarter and these trends have extended to the summer months where we saw a complete collapse in prices at the end of June. On the upper left-hand chart, we have provided the peak price pricing history for the summer months. And as you can see, August is down more than 50%, erasing any embedded scarcity premium. This short-term dynamic has put some pressure on the forward markets beyond 2013 and has increased the gap between the market and the required margins to justify any generation. We are convinced of the strong fundamentals in Texas, but this short-term dynamic may create a lack of urgency for the additional market reforms necessary to ensure the adequate level of resources needed to meet our cost reliability target. Even though Texas has been disappointing to us, the regional diversification we have now after the GenOn transaction has proven to be very beneficial. Outside of ERCOT and particularly in the Northeast and California, prices were robust in the second quarter driven by higher gas prices, unit retirements and higher load. More recently, in July, we experienced a heat wave across the Northeast. New York actually set a new all-time record peak load in July 9 -- 19. We saw scarcity prices across all 3 Northeast pools reflecting some of the price formation changes implemented this summer. In particular, I want to call out the positive changes in New York, where emergency demand response was setting prices during intervals of resource shortages and sending the correct pricing off to the market. In PJM, we saw a similar situation in the active [ph] zone where demand response set prices close to $1,800 per megawatt for a couple of hours. We are encouraged by these changes and we will continue to work with all 3 pools to ensure the competitive pricing now continue to improve. I want to make sure to recognize the efforts of the entire integration team. Through their ongoing efforts, they have integrated over 14 gigawatts across all 3 Northeast pools to our commercial and risk management systems. I am very pleased to say that all systems, both the operations and commercial groups, worked flawlessly during this heat wave. Our hedge positions are presented on Slide 12. We continue to layer in additional hedges in 2014 and 2015 against our coal and nuclear assets. We are significantly hedged for the balance of the year and are now close to 75% hedged on power and slightly higher on coal for 2014. We're constantly evaluating the benefits of being opportunistic and hedging in the wholesale market or [indiscernible] megawatts with our retail companies. Different than other merchant generators that rely purely on wholesome markets, we believe these options will become more valuable over time as financial players leave the space given more stringent financial reforms. Finally, in California, our origination team successfully extended the contract with PG&E for all 3 units at Pittsburg facility for 1 more year. Consistent with our hedging philosophy over the past 2 years, we made a conscious decision to leave a significant part of our Texas gas portfolio open for the summer months. This was driven by our fundamental view given the regulatory changes, the new price cuts and the tighter reserve margins as I discussed in our first quarter call. In our view, summer prices in Texas have not reflected the potential upside embedded in the market. The key takeaway is that we will continue to position our portfolio to be consistent with our fundamental view while taking into consideration operational risk and the potential upside expected in our different markets. With that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thanks, Mauricio. For the financial summary on Slide 14. NRG is reporting second quarter 2013 adjusted EBITDA of $594 million with $393 million from Wholesale, $140 million from Retail and $61 million from our new operating segment, NRG Yield. Through the first half of the year, adjusted EBITDA totaled $967 million with $629 million from Wholesale, $243 million from Retail and $95 million from NRG Yield. Turning to the quarter's highlights. With the successful closing of the IPO behind us and based on yesterday's closing price, NRG Yield now trades at an implied multiple of 12.8x 2014 adjusted EBITDA, providing a market-based measure of the value of our growing contracted renewable, conventional and thermal portfolios. In addition, as a result of the IPO, NRG received net proceeds of approximately $462 million, enhancing liquidity and increasing capital available for allocation. On the financing front, NRG took advantage of favorable market conditions with a well-timed pre-pricing and upsizing of our Term Loan B through which we not only reduced the spread on the loan from 2.5% to 2%, but raised new capital at this reduced rate by increasing the loan amount by $450 million. During the quarter, we also reduced the costs of our revolving credit facility by 50 basis points, extended its maturity by 2 years to 2018 and further enhanced NRG's liquidity by upsizing the facility by $200 million to $2.5 billion. These transactions helped drive balance sheet efficiencies to $142 million annually, which significantly exceeds our original target. Just this week, on August 7, we successfully closed the acquisition of the 390-megawatt Gregory cogeneration plant for $244 million and used approximately $120 million of the proceeds from the upsized term loan I just mentioned to partially fund the transaction. In addition, closed on 3 solar projects, totaling 66 megawatts, High Desert and Kansas South, both of which, which are currently operating, and an advanced development project on the island of Guam. Turning to 2013 capital allocation. In addition to expanding capital through the NRG Yield IPO, during the second quarter, NRG also exceeded its previously announced $1 billion deleveraging plan by retiring $575 million of GenOn senior notes using excess GenOn cash on hand. When we take into account the $330 million balance of the Term Loan B upsize, which served to increase cash at the NRG level, this transaction resulted in a $245 million reduction in overall debt, allowing us to significantly exceed our original $1 billion delevering target. And finally, the trading restrictions resulting from the ongoing NRG Yield IPO process significantly limited opportunities for share repurchases during the quarter. And we intend to complete the remaining $175 million of our share repurchase program by the end of 2013. Turning to the guidance overview on Slide 15. Based on year-to-date results and declines in forward prices over the balance of the year, we are both revising downward and narrowing the ranges of our adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth investments guidance for 2013. This reduction primarily arises out of the volumetric sales shortfall caused by the unseasonably mild summer weather in Texas, as well as a contraction in forward prices over the balance of the year. Our revised guidance for 2013 adjusted EBITDA of $2.55 billion to $2.7 billion, reflects a $65 million reduction versus previous guidance and a $50 million narrowing of the range. We are also narrowing our guidance for 2013 free cash flow before growth by reducing the upper end of the previous range by $50 million and maintaining the lower end due to a reduction in maintenance CapEx and assuming collateral posted is either returned, replaced by LCs or covered by our $900 million liquidity reserve. 2014, which benefits from increased EBITDA contributions from our contracted assets, as well as an increase in expected cost synergies, we are reaffirming our guidance ranges for both adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. Specifically, our adjusted EBITDA guidance ranges remain at $2.85 billion to $3.05 billion and our free cash flow before growth ranges remain at $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. Finally, with the successful completion of the NRG Yield IPO, we are modifying the components of our adjusted EBITDA guidance ranges, which will now include Wholesale, Retail and NRG Yield. NRG Yield adjusted EBITDA guidance includes the 7 utility scale solar facilities and 2 distributed solar portfolios previously part of solar guidance, as well as the expected adjusted EBITDA from our South Trent wind facility, thermal and our GenConn and Marsh Landing assets, all of which, which were previously part of Wholesale guidance. Expected adjusted EBITDA contribution from the remaining utility-scale solar projects, which were also part of our previous solar guidance and now comprised of 5 solar assets covered in the right-of-first offer agreement with NRG Yield, is now part of Wholesale EBITDA guidance. Turning to Slide 16. With the NRG Yield IPO now completed, we have put in place the critical final step in enabling a clearer understanding of the distinct components of NRG's value, our wholesale retail business and our contracted and growing generation platform now optimized through the creation of NRG Yield. While there are a number of valuation methodologies and metrics used by the financial community in assessing NRG's value, in order to summarize the impact of NRG Yield, we have demonstrated this in the context of an EBITDA multiple. On the left slide of Slide 16, starting with the current NRG market capitalization of approximately $8.7 billion based on yesterday's closing price and deducting the market value of NRG's 65.5% stake in NRG Yield, the implied residual NRG equity market value is $7.5 billion. Next, we add NRG's preferred stock and proportional debt balance and subtract NRG Yield debt. Finally, by subtracting our June 30 pro forma cash balance, we can derive the implied market residual enterprise value for NRG, net of NRG Yield. At the bottom of the page, we've expressed this residual enterprise value as a multiple of residual adjusted EBITDA based on the midpoint of our 2014 guidance range. The market 2014 residual adjusted EBITDA multiple is approximately 7.7x. On the right side of this slide, we provided the calculation of the 2014 residual adjusted EBITDA range by deducting the guidance for NRG Yield, as well as deducting the portion of consolidated EBITDA associated with other noncontrolling interests. Consistent with the enhanced disclosures for adjusted EBITDA and debt we initiated at the beginning of the year, we will continue to provide the details in deriving proportional EBITDA and debt in the appendix to our quarterly disclosures. Finally, as some of you may have already observed, as the residual adjusted EBITDA numbers still contain the contribution of the ROFO Assets, the implied multiple on the left-hand side is reflective of an interim step. So we've also provided, for your reference, the adjusted EBITDA contribution from these ROFO assets in 2014. Importantly, this not only underscores the adjusted EBITDA from these assets as nearly equivalent to the current NRG Yield adjusted EBITDA but it valued at the same multiple for NRG Yield. This further clarifies the implied trading multiple of our competitive businesses, which, based on this approach, currently trade at an implied 2014 adjusted EBITDA multiple of just over 7x. Turning briefly to corporate liquidity on Slide 17. NRG's liquidity adjusted for the recent NRG Yield IPO proceeds and the cash paid for the acquisition of the Gregory cogeneration plant since the quarter end remains strong with a balance of approximately $3 billion. The right side of the slide provides year-to-date sources and uses, which comprised this change in liquidity since year end and include the benefit of our now expanded revolver. Turning to Slide 18. I'd like to review NRG's common dividend in the context of the NRG Yield IPO. As you may recall, NRG's growing portfolio of contracted assets forms the foundation supporting our common stock dividend. As a result of the NRG Yield IPO, about half of our contracted assets are now held by NRG Yield and about half -- or excuse me, and about 35% of the cash distributions from those assets now support the NRG Yield dividend to the public shareholders, which, in the aggregate, totals approximately $27 million at the current rate. NRG retains a 65.5% stake in the contracted cash flows from the NRG Yield assets, which, when combined with the growing distributions from the remaining contracted ROFO Assets, continues to provide a solid basis of support for the NRG dividend. Finally, turning to Slide 19. I'd like to provide a brief update on our year-to-date capital allocation progress, which, during the second quarter, represents a balance between continuing value-enhancing investment and expanding our overall base of capital for allocation. During the second quarter, we acquired additional contracted solar assets that were included in the right-of-first offer agreement for NRG Yield, as well as exceeded our delevering goals by redeeming the GenOn 2014 notes. In addition, we closed on the acquisition of Gregory, which, as I mentioned, we included in our prior capital allocation update. However, by utilizing the $120 million of the proceeds from the low-cost expansion of our Term Loan B, we reduced the capital allocation requirement for this acquisition from $244 million to $124 million. The $462 million in net proceeds from NRG Yield IPO, combined with the increased free cash flow guidance we announced in late June as a part of the asset optimization update, served to expand the overall base of capital for allocation. As a result, excess cash for capital allocation now stands between $1.03 billion and $1.18 billion for 2013. As $130 million of this consolidated excess cash now resides at the NRG Yield level, we've broken it out separately on the chart, leading to approximately $1 billion in excess cash through year end at the NRG level. We continue to actively evaluate opportunities for accretive capital allocation across all categories as the remainder of the year unfolds, including the possibility of enhanced or different allocations should conditions evolve. We will provide an update on our progress, including progress on the deployment of the remaining $175 million in share repurchases on our next quarterly call. And I'll turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David W. Crane: Well, thank you, Kirk. And operator, Katrina, I think we should turn straight to questions. I think we have about 15 minutes for questions. So we're happy to answer any questions that anyone has.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jon Cohen representing ISI.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. I'm going to let somebody else ask about capital allocation. But on NRG Yield, how are you thinking about the pace of drop downs from NRG into NRG Yield and will that be done sort of with an eye toward managing toward that 10% to 15% distribution growth or some other metric? And the second question is, how will those be valued? Is it going to be on some premium to book value or some discount to where NRG Yield is trading?
David W. Crane: Well, Jon, I think from NRG parent perspective, we want to do it in sort of a measured pace based on the assets that are part of the ROFO perspective, in the set of ROFO Assets. I think the main thing that could sort of change, I mean, we talked about maintaining a 10% to 15% growth rate over like a 5-year period, which was something that we thought we could do with the assets that are in the ROFO set. It's the amount of assets that we can see that we either develop intrinsically. We have high hopes for a lot of our brownfield development projects, as I talked about in my comments, or if we were to get appropriate assets through acquisition, then I think we would accelerate the pace or try and make the drop downs, when they occur, bigger. But it's very early days yet, so I would say that nothing has really changed from that relative to when we're on the road a few weeks ago on behalf of NRG Yield. In terms of the valuation, I mean, speaking from NRG's perspective, obviously, we would like to sell the assets to NRG Yield at a price that maximizes value to NRG. But NRG Yield and its independent directors, I think they will probably want to follow the normal approach of getting independent valuations and making sure that they are acquiring assets that are not only appropriate but assets that they can acquire in terms of returns that safely exceed their weighted average cost of capital. The NRG Yield Board of Directors has had one meeting and an organizational meeting. So I think there's a fair amount of work that needs to be done there to settle exactly. I'm not sure that even if this were an NRG Yield call, which it is not, I'm not sure I would be able to be much more specific than to say something like that at this point. Kirk, is there anything that you want to add on behalf of NRG?
Kirkland B. Andrews: No. I think you've covered it, David. Certainly, the point to underscore is that the ROFO Assets, in particular, now that we've provided you some additional detail, Jon, around those, give us a lot of confidence in terms of the tangible pipeline to drive that growth rate that you mentioned. And looking at the other opportunities David had mentioned, that more than anything will drive the pace in terms of delivering all that. And from a valuation standpoint, I think that's also a function, of course, of the independent directors, I think, as David may have mentioned. And I would expect on larger drop downs, that would also be informed the degree to which the independent directors of NRG Yield determine to access a third-party adviser on the value of those assets.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And one follow-up for you, Kirk. On your Page 16 analysis here, if you were to take the -- where you show NYLD proportional debt, if you were to take that number, including all of the current ROFO Assets -- I realize you're on the road, so you might not have it, but how much would that go up and the NRG debt go down?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes. And you're correct, I can't give you that number in detail off the top of my head and don't have it directly in front of me. But the order of magnitude of those particular assets from a leverage perspective should be directionally towards that leverage, if not a little higher than that, just given the preponderance of those particular assets or -- are more along the lines of the DOE loan guarantee, which tend to be a little bit larger in terms of the leverage capacity.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And that cash, just as of June 30, does not include cash flow for the rest of the year or for '14, correct?
Kirkland B. Andrews: No, that's correct. That's as of June 30. But importantly, if you'll notice included, because we're accounting for NRG Yield on a pro forma basis, which obviously didn't close as of June 30, but on this page, looking to depict that, that cash balance is both pro forma for the Gregory acquisition, as well as pro forma for the cash from NRG Yield.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Stanley, representing Deutsche Bank.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you comment just a little more on ERCOT pricing this summer to date and what you see as driving that, looking, particularly, at this week, for example, when peak demand was actually very high but the price stayed fairly low? And then how does this make you think about hedging heat rates differently, if at all, for the outer years just given the experience of the past 2 years where we see a pretty big drop in the summer period?
David W. Crane: Well, Keith, let me take a first cut at that, then I'm going to turn it to Mauricio or Chris particularly to answer the hedging question or to not answer the question, as they see fit. I mean, I think what we saw this week is really a combination of 3 things because the level of -- you're right, the level of demand we saw on Wednesday, when we reached that level of demand back in 2011, there was scarcity pricing. And when you -- and so why did it not happen this week? I would say 3 things: number one is that a lot of times when it's very, very hot, the wind situation is at a dead calm. But in this situation, there was ample wind generation this week in Texas. So whether that's a new weather phenomenon or not, I don't know. Maybe Mauricio has a point of view. But that's one of the reasons, that the wind was there. I think the second thing is that, typically, what happens, what happened to us and what happened to the market in August of 2011 is sustained periods of peak, not only does it build up demand on the demand side, but some of the power plants that are used to only operating a few days out of a year, they wear down and they break. And so you have more outages than you normally do. That clearly hurt us and hurt the market in the second half of August in 2011, but the supply side was fully there this year because it had not been tested so far this summer. And then the third thing is just the psychological element. And again, Mauricio and Chris know this better than I, but there's just no fear in the market of running out of supply because things have been so calm so far. So Mauricio or Chris, do you want to add anything to that in terms of this week's subdued prices and then also talk or say whatever you're willing to say about hedging philosophy?
Christopher S. Moser: Thanks, David. This is Chris. Keith, when we're looking back at the Wednesday number, which was around a 67.2 peak or so. There was almost 3,700 megawatts on average of wind, and that's pretty far in excess of the expected load-carrying capability of the wind even under the new construct that they're talking about moving to -- moving it from a 8.7 to the 14 and the 32. So there was clearly, as David pointed out, a lot more wind going on out there as well. To his point as well, the gen stack was very healthy across the fleet, ours and everyone else's looked like it, too. So extra wind, fairly -- very healthy generation. And then the load at 67.2 is a pretty good load, but it's not near what we saw in 2011 or even -- keep in mind, the forecast when the CERA came out for the summer was for 68.4, so you're 1,200 megawatts short of where they thought the load was going to be as well. And obviously, as guys very interested from both the wholesale and retail side on what the load is doing, we're digging into a lot of the moving pieces on the load side. I don't have a lot of answers yet on that piece. But I think wind, I think a very healthy gen stack and I think the fact that, frankly, it just wasn't as hot as 2011. I mean, the numbers I have, give or take, for the 7th was a Dallas high of 105 and a Houston high of 100. I mean, the numbers we were seeing in '11 were 109s and 110s and 104s and 103s in Houston, and so it's just a step-change difference in terms of the temperatures.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And Keith, I guess, just a word on the hedging strategy. I mean, I want to just make sure and point out that for the summer, we were significantly hedged, our coal portfolio. And we have told you over the past couple of quarters that we will have a long biased position around our gas portfolio, given the tight fundamentals that we see in the market. Then certainly, I laid out the value proposition for this summer, given the regulatory changes that we have seen and the tighter reserve margins that we were expecting, which hasn't played out yet. Going forward, we're going to continue to maintain the same discipline on hedging the gas portfolio. Keep in mind that we want to have a -- we will be consistent with our fundamental view, and we will continue to have a long biased position so long we believe that the Texas have strong fundamentals, which we believe they do.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. If I could just do one very quick follow-up. Just on the quarter, what was the driver of the $19 million in positive EBITDA, the corporate segment? I think that's usually a negative number. And the big working capital in collateral deposit drags year-to-date on cash flow, should we expect that to reverse over the balance of the year?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Keith, it's Kirk. To address that question, on the collateral side, some portion of the collateral that's posted, yes, is for positions that we expect to roll off over the balance of the year. But with the volatility and the movements that we see in the commodities markets, obviously, the additional collateral posting is obviously increasingly difficult to predict. But we expect a good portion of that to come back and another portion of that to be supportable through the posting of LCs, if deemed necessary. And that's also part of the reason why we have the $900 million liquidity reserve.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And as to the corporate side?
Kirkland B. Andrews: As to the change in the corporate side, I actually don't have that particular number in front of me at present, but I think we can follow up with you on that one offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski, representing Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Given what's happening with prices in Texas and we saw a memo today filed by one of the commissioner, Commissioner Nelson, do you feel like a capacity market in Texas is now more likely, given how disappointing prices have been even though we have had an increase in price caps? And Commissioner Nelson is clearly suggesting that a second look needs to be taken at a capacity market. What's your view?
David W. Crane: Well, Angie, I mean, it's hard for us to obviously determine any sort of critical regulatory process and how influenced they are by -- in terms of market design by short-term movements. I would say, for the most part, I wouldn't say that sort of a weather-driven situation in Texas is going to change the fundamental attitudes for or against. I would say the most important thing is as the forward price in Texas moves away from replacement price, the chance that a bunch of people start to build power plants without a change in the market design becomes more remote. And so I think, for the people charged with maintaining the stability of the system and keeping the lights on, I think it may incrementally increase their desire to make a change. But it's a pretty indirect connection. Mauricio, I don't know if you have a different point of view about it than that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. I mean, I guess, just to complement or to add, the memo filed by Chairman Nelson, I think, they're looking at this the right way, which is, first, evaluate whether they need a mandated reserve margin; second, looking at what is the mechanism to achieve that target reserve margin. And what is the most effective mechanism of doing that? I think there's been multiple parties that have been pro a capacity market to be the more cost-effective way of doing that. I will tell you, Angie, that I think a lot of that and the probability whether or not capacity is more likely will be determined once the next commissioner gets appointed. And given that Texas legislative has ended their session, we expect somebody to be named within the next couple of weeks. So I think that will resume the talks around the resource adequacy for Texas on the long term.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And completely separately, you mentioned that a delay in operations of one of the assets has had an effect on your annual guidance. Are we talking Ivanpah or El Segundo?
David W. Crane: No, we're talking Ivanpah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd, representing Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: David, I wanted to go back to your opening comments on NRG Yield. And you mentioned, in a low gas price environment, that long-term contracted assets are the key to replacement capacity. Can you talk a little bit further about that in terms of -- in the competitive markets that you're in, do you see further trends towards long-term contracted assets? Or could you just sort of expand on that point a bit further?
David W. Crane: Well, I mean, what I would say about that, Stephen, is if we look around our system, clearly, the trend started a few years ago. The GenConn assets that we have in Connecticut were driven by a process, El Segundo, Marsh Landing in California. But if you look around our system in California and New York State and Connecticut and Maryland, they're either served RFPs either by state entities or sponsored by the state for 10 years plus. And a lot of it is sort of specifically targeted at replacement capacity. And to be frank, from my point of view, our company's point of view is we don't really see conventional generation being a growth business in response to sort of tepid demand growth in a post-industrial society. It's all about replacement power. And so each situation is different. So California needs to replace San Onofre. New York, depending on what they decide about Indian Point, may need to replace that power. And in each of these cases, we have great sites basically in the load pockets where they're looking for new capacity. And so we hope to respond to those RFPs with our own brownfield developments. And I think the way we would price those would be that typically, we're going to price NRG's cost of capital sort of over the entire life of the asset but certainly through the construction period, which is relatively the higher-risk portion of it. But now that we have at least a sense from NRG's perspective what NRG Yield's cost of capital should be, it may cause us to sharpen a pencil a little bit on what we expect the cost of capital to be during the period of the PPA. Does that answer your question?
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That does. That's very helpful. And then I just wanted to talk broadly about kind of a related point on capital allocation. You'll have quite a bit of excess cash, and we're seeing headwinds in a lot of these competitive markets. As you look at the growth prospects out there relative to your own stock, can you just comment on a broad level sort of the relative attractiveness of those 2 options?
David W. Crane: I'm not sure I'm following what your 2 options are. Do you want to rephrase that? Or else you're going to get some sort of meandering answer from me about both the acquisition environment and capital allocation. And probably on Friday in August, you have better things to do than listen to me go on for 10 minutes. So [indiscernible] do you want me to comment on?
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, maybe just a little more point on it. Given that it looks pretty challenging in the competitive markets, it would seem to make M&A maybe a little less attractive relative to your own currency, which you laid out in terms of valuation metrics. As you look at buying assets in the market versus your own stock in this kind of sort of more challenging commodity environment that we're in, does that sort of point you more towards your own stock than it would have maybe 6 months or a year ago?
David W. Crane: Well, okay, I think I got the question now. What I would say, starting on the capital allocation front and then segueing effortlessly and smoothly into an M&A discussion is, the approach we've taken in the past, certainly our firepower has been enhanced by the proceeds we got from NRG Yield. But the fundamental approach we have, prudent balance sheet management, sort of -- we've always been fortunate enough to have enough cash flow to apply to debt reduction. We've done share buybacks, but we've also had enough money to take advantage of opportunities in the M&A world. And I think that, that balanced approach is going to continue. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, our immediate goal, as Kirk laid out for everyone, was we've got to finish our 2013 program. To us, it's really pointless to sort of think about doing anything beyond that until we finish what we undertook to do earlier in the year. So that's really what our eyes are set on in terms of from now through the end of the year. Beyond that, we'll look at the circumstances, discuss it with our board and maybe have more to say on the November call. On the M&A front, what I would tell you is, you've mentioned the challenging M&A environment that's in our merchant space. But as we saw with the GenOn transaction, to me, there's more opportunity the more challenging it is. As I like to say, Stephen, I'm sure you've heard me say this in many occasions before, it's when there's no hope that there's the best opportunity to make acquisitions at a price that makes sense. So we hope to see opportunity even on the merchant space precisely because it is a challenging environment to make money. And we've shown that one way you can make money with those type of assets is through consolidation. But also, it used to be that if there was a contracted asset out there, we wouldn't even really bother to take a look at it because we knew we weren't going to be able to compete with the Canadians or someone else with those assets. And now, again, because NRG has the sense of what NRG Yield's cost of capital should be, I think we can be more competitive on that front as well. But my final point, Stephen, is we're not specifically setting aside money at the NRG level, because while now we're going to go out there and set the world afire with 20 acquisitions in the next 2 months because you never know. I mean, it takes a willing seller willing to accept a reasonable price. And often what we've found in my 20 years in this industry is that there are willing sellers, but they don't have a reasonable point of view about what the price should be.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Neil Mehta, representing Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I appreciate the sensitivity about this, but can you talk about retail margins? One of the trends we've seen year-to-date is those margins have come in a bit. Is this an ongoing trend in your view? Or have we reached a point of stability in terms of the margins?
David W. Crane: Neil, you want that in both -- I mean, are you more focused on Texas, Northeast or you want sort of a -- well, Elizabeth, why don't you -- I mean, I'm sure you're asking about Texas, so why don't you start with an answer on Texas and then, Jim, if you want to add any comment on the Northeast, go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That would be great.
Elizabeth Killinger: Sure, thanks. Neil, so margins in retail, as you can tell from the slide Mauricio walked through, they did drop about $3, and that's really largely due to the higher supply and hedging costs, some of the weather variability. It was expected to be much warmer, and then it came in cooler. And then some competition in C&I, as well as some customer mix between both customer segments and markets. In Texas, we saw a little over $1 reduction in unit margins. And we're actively managing the balance between margin and customer count. I would say we're in the stability range, but I'll turn it over to Jim to also speak to the Northeast.
James Steffes: Thanks, Elizabeth. I think the same story is true for the Northeast, as Elizabeth highlighted, a little bit emphasis, different emphasis across the different elements. But generally speaking, competition remains very intense in the C&I space. We do believe there's again pressure because costs have increased. But we're seeing sort of a stabilizing in those key numbers.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And last question for me. Another dynamic we've seen is basis in PJM is compressed here and even inverted relative to Henry Hub. What does that mean for your PJM fleet and how do you think about managing that risk?
David W. Crane: Mauricio, do you want to answer that? And I think, Mauricio, when you're done, I think we'll just call it a day at that point.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Neil, so I guess, a couple of things. One, and I alluded to that on my script, there's been a reversal of coal-to-gas switching. And if you look at the gas pricing scenario last year versus this year, there is almost $1.52 to $2 higher. So that basically put our coal facilities in the money. Prices certainly have come down and basis have contracted across the PJM pool, but we still see premiums on the Eastern side where we have most of our baseload portfolio. With respect to the gas, the gas basis and the potential dynamics to that, we certainly don't expect gas prices to fall back to spring of 2012 levels, but we are seeing a significant bottle of -- I guess, bottled gas around the Marcellus shale. We presented the economics for new builds. We looked at the sensitivity of gas, which I think we tried to capture the potential dynamic. And even with that, we see a significant gap between the current market and the new-build economics needed, not now, but in 3, 4 years down the road, given our capacity options. So what I would say is, we don't expect kind of a go back to the coal-to-gas switching situation that we saw last year, even with the drop in gas prices around the Marcellus Shale.
David W. Crane: Okay. We appreciate everyone looking -- joining us on this call, and we look forward to talking to you at or before our next quarterly call. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin - Vice President of Investor Relations David W. Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher S. Moser - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President Elizabeth Killinger - Senior Vice President for Residential & Operations and President of Reliant Energy
Analysts: Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2013 NRG Energy Inc. Earnings Call. My name is Steve, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Now I would like to turn the call over to Chad Plotkin, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to NRG's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located at our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call, associated presentation material, as well as the replay of the call, in the Investor Relations section of our website. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation, which explains the risks and uncertainties associated with future events in the forward-looking statements made in today's press release and presentation material. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is Tuesday, May 7, 2013, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this, our first quarter 2013 earnings call. Today, I'm joined here this morning by Mauricio Gutierrez, the company's Chief Operating Officer; and Kirk Andrews, the company's Chief Financial Officer, both of whom will be giving a portion of this presentation. As well, I'm joined by Chris Moser, who runs the company's trading and commercial operations activities; Elizabeth Killinger, who's responsible for the company's retail business in the ERCOT market; and Jim Steffes, who's responsible for the company's activities in the Northeast retail markets, and they will be available to answer any specific questions that you have in their area. So let's get right into it. I have dispensed with our customer and quarterly financial highlight section, which has been my tradition, because our first quarter, which, in recent years, has been one of our softest quarters, fulfilled those expectations again this year. The weather in our core regions did not provide us with much opportunity, and our own performance in the face of the near-term opportunities that were presented to us was pretty uneven. Having said that, we are entirely focused at NRG on succeeding across the short, medium and long term, and we are always working on all 3 levels simultaneously. This quarter, for reasons which should be obvious, our focus, in particular, has been on ensuring our success over the medium term, which I am defining for this purpose as the remainder of 2013 and full year 2014. In that regard, notwithstanding the lackluster first quarter that we are reporting today, I'm very pleased that, as a result of our successful actions over the past 3 months, we are in a position to reconfirm full year 2013 adjusted EBITDA guidance, increase full year 2013 free cash flow before growth guidance and reconfirm full year 2014 guidance for both adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. This positive medium-term outlook is driven, in significant part, by actions largely within our control, particularly our successful integration of GenOn and realization of the costs and other synergies arising out of that combination, and the successful completion of our current construction program across both our conventional and renewable generation fleet. I'm going to talk about both of these in somewhat greater detail. But first, on Slide 3, let me put our discussion in the context of our 3-part approach to executing against our multi-tier strategy. Obviously, at both the base of the pyramid, which is conventional generation, and at its top, clean energy, successful completion of our current construction program plays a big role in our medium-term prospects. But that is not all we are doing at either level that will have substantial influence on our financial performance. Proactive asset management in NRG's conventional fleet has led to some improved prospects, most notably at the Dunkirk plant, which received an extended RMR agreement and a New York ISO, good through May 2015. A new environmental compliance plan across our existing coal fleet is shaving an additional $100 million in aggregate off of our projected environmental CapEx spend. This reduction, when coupled with our previous announcement, now brings our total reductions in projected environmental spend to approximately $200 million below what we were estimating just 1 year ago. Likewise, we have several initiatives underway around our Tier 1 utility solar portfolio, which now is entering into the final stages of construction, with Alpine and Borrego already have achieving -- already have achieved commercial operation in 2013 year-to-date. With respect to our contracted solar assets, as we have stated previously, on or about the time of commercial operation of these assets is the appropriate time for us to take steps to realize or otherwise highlight the value of these assets. As such, you should expect to hear from us before the end of the second quarter -- before the end of this quarter with respect to our plans in this regard. Sandwiched in between the capital-intensive generation and clean energy parts of our strategy, our competitive retail business continues to perform well. For the ninth quarter in a row, our retail business has achieved organic customer count growth through our multi-brand strategy and emphasis on differentiated products and services. In addition, we have extended our exclusive loyalty program partnerships with national brands, like Southwest Airlines and United Airlines, across our regions. Furthermore, last year, we launched an exclusive partnership in Texas with Nest Labs, pursuant to which NRG, in its own name and through both our Reliant and Green Mountain retail brands, will be the exclusive partner among retail energy providers for their groundbreaking Nest Learning Thermostat. A few weeks ago, we announced that we have expanded that partnership to include our NRG retail business in the Northeast. This is an important step for us and for the industry, as it is, in our opinion, a harbinger of where the competitive retail business is going, namely beyond the meter, into the house, in order to provide more value-added energy services, and where we expect to generate more brand loyalty and reduce customer churn. Finally, critical to our retail success is scale and effectiveness in customer operations. While our customer count is up by 139,000 year-over-year, total costs to support our customers decreased slightly, as we work to continuously improve our systems and processes. Turning to Slide 4, to greater detail on our construction program. There's been a lot of focus, both inside the company and externally, on our industry-leading solar construction program, and certainly, that attention has been well deserved. I'm pleased both with the construction progress that we have made across the entire solar portfolio and the prospects for a successful conclusion to the current phase of our solar construction program, which is generally on time and on budget. But overlooked somewhat externally, but not internally, was the current status and construction progress being made by our 4 conventional construction programs: Marsh Landing, El Segundo, Parish Peaker and Dover. Already, Marsh Landing has achieved completion and begun full commercial operation, and El Segundo is not far behind, still pushing towards an August 1 commercial operation date. All these solar and conventional plants under construction and due for completion this year will contribute significant EBITDA, not only in 2014, when they should benefit from a full year of operation, but even in the second half of 2013, where their aggregate contribution is expected to exceed $300 million. Given the magnitude of this prospective financial contribution, I'm sure you can appreciate the intensity of our focus on the construction program, at all levels of the company. Moving on to Slide 5. On a similar note, the other area of intense concentration, for me and for the rest of the executive management team, led by Anne Cleary, our Chief Integration Officer, has been on realizing all the benefits to be derived from the GenOn acquisition, which achieved financial closing just a short 4.5 months ago. I'm quite pleased with where we stand both quantitatively and qualitatively. As demonstrated on Slide 4 -- or Slide 5, we have executed on the great majority of the cost synergies and balance sheet efficiencies previously identified, constituting $285 million out of the $310 million in total cash flow synergies estimated today. Importantly, even factoring in part-year effect and that 2013 is our transition year for this acquisition, we expect to realize $150 million of cost and operational synergies in fiscal year 2013, with most of that, $130 million, back-end loaded for obvious reasons. You will note on Slide 6 that we have not yet upgraded our estimate of operational synergies to be realized from the GenOn acquisition. We intend to do so by the end of the second quarter. While we might be trying the patience of some of you in this regard, I want to point out that just 4.5 months ago, we acquired 21,400 megawatts of conventional generation in 155 generating units at 43 sites. We are evaluating each asset individually and methodically, not only the assets in our acquired portfolio but also each asset in our pre-existing fleet, to determine how to maximize asset value across the combined fleet. The scope and potential significance of this operational synergy exercise is such that, on Slide 6, I provide some sense of the thorough process that we are going through and the results we are seeking. Importantly, we start by establishing a set of core principles that act as a guide to our decision-making process across all our assets in the combined fleet. This set of principles establishes what we refer to as our financial accretion framework, which, when all assets are evaluated in combination with each other, should result in significant shareholder value creation from the fleet taken as a whole. When we do report to you the outcome and further details of our operational synergies effort, we will be focusing your attention on 3 sets of numbers. First and foremost, obviously, will be increased EBITDA arising from our operational synergies effort. Some of this EBITDA will be nonrecurring, but the greater part of it will be recurring EBITDA, rising over time. Second, some of that revised operational synergy EBITDA will have no capital investment or material cost to achieve associated with it. But a portion of the improved EBITDA will require a certain amount of capital investment in order to realize on the synergy opportunity. We will provide details of the amount of incremental investment capital required and the quick payback period and the highly accretive multiples associated with it. And third and finally, our operational synergy effort is likely to yield a meaningful free cash flow benefit somewhat separate and apart from the EBITDA impact. This free cash flow benefit will be achieved, in some instances, by rethinking suboptimal investments that had been previously planned. We look forward to sharing with you the details of our operational synergies plan before the end of this quarter, with the idea that we will begin prompt and forceful implementation virtually immediately thereafter. With that, I'll hand it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. During this first quarter, our focus was and continues to be on integrating the new GenOn assets, while delivering solid operational results across the fleet. I am pleased to say that both remain on track for the year. From a market perspective, we saw the gas storage surplus return to more normalized levels and, with that, an increase in gas prices, which, in turn, significantly reduced the coal-to-gas switching we experienced in the winter and spring of 2012. As always, safety is our #1 priority, and we posted another quarter of top decile performance. Our coal fleet improved its availability metrics, and as prices increased, so did the generation from our coal fleet. One of our priorities is to optimize the overall spend of the combined fleet. To that end, today we're further reducing our estimated environmental capital plan by $100 million, from $630 million to $530 million over the planning period. This is a result of further testing and optimization of plant controls at our Big Cajun II plant, better equipment pricing at WA Parish and more efficient solutions at our Cheswick facility. This improvement, along with our previous announcement, now brings the total environmental capital reduction to approximately $200 million over the same time planning period. We will continue to focus on further optimizing our spend as part of our execution of operational synergies. As David mentioned, 2013 is a critical year for our construction program, as we have several large projects reaching commercial operation, which, when all complete, will bring nearly 2.2 gigawatts of new generation online since 2012. On the conventional front, and starting with Marsh Landing, we achieved commercial operations on May 1. We are proud of the engineering and construction team delivering the project on time and on budget. The balance of our conventional projects, El Segundo, Parish and the Dover gas conversion project in Delaware, remain on budget and scheduled for operation this summer. Finally, our industry-leading utility-scale solar program remains largely on track to achieve commercial operations in 2013. Turning to our operational metrics on Slide 9. We achieved another quarter of strong safety performance, with 92 facilities out of 105 without a recordable injury. We have combined 2 strong safety cultures, and while our first quarter recordable injury rate of 0.7 is top decile, given the increase from our 2012 record year, we have significant work to do as we head into the summer months. Moving on to our generation for the quarter, we experienced much less coal-to-gas switching, and that is reflected in our numbers. After normalizing for generation related to the GenOn assets, generation increased by 23% as compared to last year, driven primarily by Texas and the Northeast regions. STP Unit 2 came back to service on April 22, ahead of our previous estimates. During the forced shutdown, the full inspection of both turbines and associated feed pumps was completed in order to ensure that no other issues remain, and to prepare the unit for optimal summertime operation. As part of the program, the full 10-year inspections were completed on all turbines as they were disassembled for repair. There was no damage to the main generator or the exciter. Additionally, the replacement transformer was fully tested prior to being energized and have been carefully monitored since returning the unit to service. There were no significant issues arising from the completion of this work. Unit 2 is operating at full power with no evident threat to generation, and Unit 1 performed with a perfect record during the quarter. Finally, coal availability improved compared to last year. Parish and Big Cajun led the way with over 90% availability. We are well on our way to complete the 154 outages planned for the first half of the year to ensure readiness for summer operations. Moving to Slide 10. Our retail business performed within our expectations during the quarter with -- where we deliver $103 million of EBITDA. The quarter-over-quarter change was driven primarily by higher supply costs, weather impact and an increasing customer acquisition expense, as we organically grew customer count by 21,000 in the Northeast and Texas. Our efforts to continuously improve our operations have delivers us retail customer operations costs flat, while serving an average of 139,000 more customers during the same quarter from last year. In Texas, we were successful in maintaining unit margins while growing customer count. And in the Northeast we were able to increase our total gross margin by growing customer count despite lower unit margins. In the mass market segment, we saw volume growth in both Texas and the Northeast. We continue to introduce innovative and compelling home services and sustainable smart energy solutions to support unique customer needs and extend our relationship with customers. Our multi-brand strategy, coupled with our product offerings, continues to differentiate us with customers and supports our strong momentum in the mass market. In the C&I segment, we maintained discipline on pricing and margins, which led to a change in regional customer mix, with growth in our Northeast volumes and declines in Texas. We will continue to focus on delivering profitable operations in this intensely competitive segment. We are pleased with our performance, as we continue to hold the leadership position in Texas and now rank as the third largest competitive residential retailer in the country. Turning to Slide 11. Most of you are familiar with the gas storage chart on the upper left, which is one indicator of -- for how tight the gas market has become. As you remember, in 2012, we left the withdrawal season with record storage levels, resulting in natural gas prices falling below $2 per MMBtu, which drove much higher gas demand through coal-to-gas switching. This winter and spring have proven to be a different story. As you can see on the lower chart, gas storage rebalancing happened despite little coal-to-gas switching, and they are driven mostly by colder-than-normal weather in March and increases in demand. Strong gas prices reacted accordingly and moved to over $4 during the quarter, providing us an opportunity to increase our hedges in 2014. We expect gas prices to remain well supported through the rest of the year, above coal-to-gas switching economics. Now looking into the ERCOT market. Over the past few quarters, we have focused this section to the long-term resource adequacy issues in Texas. We have laid out our case for higher heat rates and the possible solutions for closing the gap on the missing money needed to incentivize new generation. This time, I want to focus on looking at the upcoming summer months. A few days ago, ERCOT published their latest seasonal assessment with an expected peak load of over 68,000 megawatts, a 3% increase from last year. There have been significant changes from last summer in terms of higher price caps and changes in the real time price formation rules that should lead to higher and more frequent scarcity periods. The current market implies some scarcity prices, as you can see on the upper right-hand chart. But if 2012 reserve margins are an indication of scarcity hours, we believe additional upside is warranted for this summer. We have taken the necessary steps to position our wholesale and retail portfolios to take advantage of this market opportunity. Turning to Slide 12. As you can see on our hedging chart, we took advantage of the near-term increase in gas prices discussed earlier to layer in more hedges for 2014, bringing our hedge level up to 66%. This was on the heels of coal purchases we made earlier in the quarter, thereby closing both legs of the dark spread and staying balanced. In 2013, there was a decrease in the hedge percentage levels, but this is strictly due to an increase in projected economic generation, given higher prices later in the year. Retail continues to execute their sales plan. We had live [ph] price close to 80% of our retail low for the balance of the year. In New York, we took advantage of the recent increase in capacity prices due to asset retirement and changes in the reserve module requirements, and layered in significantly more hedges for the summer period. During the quarter, results were impacted by the roll off of higher-priced hedges and increases in coal transportation costs relative to Q1 of 2012. These increased costs resulted from low river conditions in the Mississippi, which required us to use higher-cost alternative routes to Big Cajun. Also, our coal costs in Texas in 2013 year-to-date suffered by comparison to 2012, a year in which coal carriers provided us with extraordinary price flexibility during the extreme low-gas price environment that existed in early 2012. In addition, first quarter results were also impacted by the STP Unit 2 outage and commercial operation optimization activities. As you know, we used a full suite of strategies and tools to capture both the intrinsic and extrinsic value of our portfolio, and our track record in this regard over the past several years has been generally very positive. In the first quarter of 2013, our commercial optimization activities were not as successful as in the past and contributed to the drag on year-over-year financial performance in our wholesale business segment. Finally, our focus on integration efforts continue in this respect. I am very pleased to note that we consolidated the real-time dispatch function for the Northeast and West region into our Princeton control center, a key milestone as we head into the summer months. With that, I will turn things over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thanks, Mauricio. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 14, NRG is reporting first quarter 2013 adjusted EBITDA of $373 million, with $234 million from wholesale, $103 million from retail and $36 million from our solar projects. Our quarterly results include the impact of the GenOn transaction, which primarily contributed to $160 million in quarter-over-quarter adjusted EBITDA growth in our East region. First quarter results also reflect the impact of nonrecurring items, including higher coal cost, primarily in our South Central region, related to the need to secure alternative coal transport due to unusually low river levels, which have now returned to normal, and the outage of STP Unit 2, which, as Mauricio said, returned to service on April 22. These items, combined with unrealized losses from commercial optimization activities, reduced first quarter EBITDA by approximately $60 million. Looking ahead, we're affirming adjusted EBITDA guidance for 2013 and 2014, which will see a significant ramp-up in EBITDA from increasing synergy realizations and newly completed solar and conventional projects. Moving to free cash flow. We are increasing our 2013 guidance by $100 million, while maintaining our free cash flow guidance for 2014. Turning to capital allocation in 2013. As we have announced in February, NRG substantially achieved its $1 billion debt reduction objective in connection with the GenOn transaction, significantly strengthening our consolidated balance sheet. Having captured over 90% of the $100 million in annual free cash flow from balance sheet efficiencies announced in connection with the merger, we expect to achieve or exceed this target later in the year. We also increased our dividend by 1/3 and have begun our $200 million share buyback program, with $25 million of stock repurchased during the quarter at a weighted average price of $25.88. Turning briefly to the guidance overview on Slide 15. As I just mentioned, we are reaffirming our guidance ranges for adjusted EBITDA and increasing our free cash flow before growth in 2013 by $100 million. Last month, we received an $80 million tax refund we had previously anticipated to receive in 2014. The acceleration of this cash flow item, combined primarily with the reduction in projected environmental capital expenditures, allowed us to increase 2013 cash flow before growth guidance, while maintaining our prior guidance for 2014. Turning to Slide 16. While the first quarter saw $36 million in solar EBITDA and gave us the first $20 million of the full synergistic power of our combination with GenOn, the bulk of the EBITDA from our construction program and synergy realization efforts is yet to come over the balance of the year, more than $400 million over the remainder of 2013, leading to $750 million, in the aggregate, in 2014 and beyond. Breaking this down, NRG expects an additional $130 million in EBITDA synergies from the GenOn merger during 2013, leading to a run rate of $210 million for 2014. As David mentioned earlier, we look forward to sharing with you the potential expansion of this number and the benefits -- as the benefits of our operational synergy efforts related to the merger are realized. In addition, over the remainder of the year, we also expect over $100 million in EBITDA in 2013 and more than $200 million in 2014 from our conventional projects, having already placed our Marsh Landing project in service earlier this month. Finally, as most of our solar projects achieved COD over the balance of the year, we will see an additional $107 million in 2013, growing to over $300 million in 2014. Turning to corporate liquidity on Slide 17. NRG's liquidity decreased by $277 million in the first quarter of 2013, primarily due to the completion of our $1 billion delevering target following the GenOn merger. As anticipated on the last quarterly call, the financings of our solar investments resulted in a net return of capital, as we drew on the Alpine and Borrego financings, totaling over $300 million, once the project hit COD during the quarter. These financings, combined with cash grant receipts, exceeded NRG's equity investments during the quarter. Finally, updating our capital allocation progress on Slide 18. NRG ended 2012 with an excess cash balance of $1.062 billion net of targeted cash balances and certain cash not currently distributable from excluded project subsidiaries. This excess cash balance, when combined with NRG's increased 2013 free cash flow before growth investment guidance, now leads us to $2.62 (sic) [$2.062] billion to $2.262 billion in cash available for allocation in 2013. Our growth investments guidance of $226 million for 2013 remains unchanged, as we are on track to complete our Tier 1 solar construction and conventional projects. In addition, we completed our open-market bond repurchase program during the first quarter, retiring $200 million in NRG corporate debt at a cost of $226 million including premiums. Having declared our first increased quarterly dividend, we expect $145 million in common stock dividends paid to shareholders in 2013, which, when combined with our $200 million share repurchase program, will result in nearly $350 million in return of capital to shareholders this year. Capital allocated to acquisitions consists of the remaining integration costs associated with the GenOn merger, the purchase of the Gregory co-gen plant expected to close in the third quarter, as well as the acquisition and COD of the High Desert solar facility, which closed during the first quarter. After successfully balancing the allocation of a portion of our 2013 excess cash among return of shareholder capital, prudent balance sheet management and growth opportunities from new construction and acquisitions, we are left with a substantial surplus, providing NRG with ongoing excess liquidity and capital flexibility. With our balance sheet metrics in line with targets and our credit rating stable and affirmed, given the continuing robust conditions in the debt markets, we would expect any further capital allocated to delevering to be opportunistic in nature. We will also seek opportunities to take advantage of the robust conditions in the debt markets via accretive refinancings, including a potential additional term lender [ph] pricing, which would further contribute to balance sheet efficiency savings in 2013. Given the breadth and diversity of the NRG platform, we continue to actively evaluate opportunities to further enhance shareholder value through acquisitions, focused on conventional power generation, the enhancement of our retail business and our growing leadership position in clean energy. We continue to remain flexible regarding the potential for enhanced or different capital allocation should market conditions evolve. Now I'll turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk, and thank you, Mauricio. Steve, I think we'll just take it straight to questions if you want to open the floor.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question coming from the line of Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Do you have a breakdown of the -- I think, the number your said was negative $60 million of EBITDA of nonrecurring items between STP, South Central and commercial optimization in the quarter. And specifically, can you explain in a bit more detail what happened with commercial optimization?
David W. Crane: Kirk, why don't you start?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. In terms of the breakdown, approximately $28 million was from commercial optimization activities. The STP outage during the quarter resulted in about $25 million and the remainder of that was from the coal transport costs.
David W. Crane: Mauricio, do you want to -- or Chris, do you want to or not want to give more guidance?
Christopher S. Moser: Got it. Neil, apologies, but we haven't had a history, and we don't intend to now, of discussing any specific strategies or tools that we use on that side. So I'm going to leave it there.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then my second question was around capital allocation. Are you more likely to grow organically or via acquisition, in your view, from here? Should we think of Gregory as the flavor of M&A from here, one-off acquisitions that are tactical and opportunistic, or are a fleet of assets still in the cards?
David W. Crane: Well, Neil, just -- because I like to answer questions literally and accurately, your question sort of shifted from the beginning to the end. I mean, on the organic versus inorganic, one of the things that I always liked about this company is that we're constantly having our own opportunities to grow the business from within and those require capital. Historically, less capital less soon than, obviously, acquisitions, but it's nice to have an organic growth strategy, and we have that both on our conventional side and on our renewable side. In terms of acquisitions, I don't think that you can really sense a pattern from Gregory. I know that you know from previous comments, we've always said that we feel that we have more of a competitive advantage, in terms of acquisitions, on bigger transactions rather than fewer, in large part because there are just fewer buyers on the bigger stuff and we can get sort of more cost synergies out of the bigger things and, certainly, some of the financial buyers. So Gregory was -- I can't remember when was the last time we were successful on a one-asset acquisition, but we were pleased with the price we paid and we're very pleased with the asset. On the generation side, we're -- we are looking across the single-asset portfolio company side, but the only thing that would cause Gregory to be more the future than bigger deals is there are just fewer bigger things out there that may be available to us and may be appealing to us.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Brandon Blossman from Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I'm going to try to rephrase this question and avoid commercially sensitive territory. But, Mauricio, on the extrinsic capture in Q1, was there a structural change in the market, or is this kind of normal quarter-to-quarter volatility in that capture ratio or rate?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, Brandon, that's a -- I mean, that's a good observation. I mean, you can have quarter-on-quarter changes that not ultimately reflects the overall profitability of the position that we take. And I think that was -- that is the case in a lot of the optimization strategies that we utilize to fully extract the value of the portfolio.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then, Mauricio, just following on that. 14 gas hedges, you did take some incremental down, perhaps it would be a wish that you took even more down. Is there any embedded gas view in how much it would be for GAAP for '14 on the gas side?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, keep in mind that 2014, we actually layer in significant amount of hedges. But as you can appreciate with gas prices moving up, so are our economic generation. So the move from 59% last quarter to 66%, if everything else would have -- being constant, it would have been higher. Keep in mind that we just had more generation, I guess, in the money. And it is consistent with our strategic hedging program and our fundamental view. When we saw the price increase in the first quarter, we felt that it was a good opportunity to lock in additional hedges. And as I said, close the dark spread that we initiated early in the year, where we saw an opportunity to buy incremental coal, and we did it. And we believe that we're going to have additional opportunities to do that throughout the year.
Christopher S. Moser: Brandon, this is Chris Moser. And just to add to that, I would mention that if you're comparing how many -- how much it takes for us to move from 59% to 66% today versus this time last year, it's a much bigger -- we have to sell a lot more to get there, and now we're not quite double what we were before. So -- and not to mention the fact that gas is moving up and our deltas were moving up. The entire -- to move the portfolio 5% to 7% is also just a much bigger outright sale that has to happen. So just to give you that perspective as well.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first quick question, just to clarify. This is on plan for the year, the first quarter. And perhaps could you speak to just layering of hedges throughout the year? Obviously, Texas is becoming a "peak year market." How do you think about that with respect to your hedging program? And then perhaps the second question here off the bat, is what's going on in California, just given the year-on-year trends? Is there anything else that we should be paying attention to?
David W. Crane: Yes, well, let me just knock off the second one first because it's easy. I like to take the easy questions, Julien, and then give Mauricio a little more time for the slightly more challenging. On California, I don't think there's anything more you can read into it. I believe if you go back and look at actually GenOn's first quarter results from last year, you'll see a negative result for first quarter of 2012. And I know that's counterintuitive, given that the fleet has basically tripled in size in California. But the contracts that people have in California are extremely shaped towards summer revenue. So it looks unusual, but it's not something that we're overly worried about.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And with respect to the -- I guess, the hedging strategy around Texas, Julien, as you know, we try to look at the natural gas caging [ph] activity or the natural gas component of our portfolios, one, and the heat rates. So with respect to the natural gas component, we tried to lock in as much of the dark spread or baseload gross margin that we have in our portfolio. And certainly, with heat rates, we've been talking about increasing heat rates, given the regulatory changes in our -- to incentivize new-build economics. And that has paid out dividends for us over the past couple of years. Now with respect to the balance of the year, your point about the distribution of the gross margin of the portfolio is correct. I mean, we're seeing much peakier prices in the summer. Q3 is becoming more important relative to the other quarters, and we have taken the necessary steps to benefit from that. We are leaving a long-biased position on our portfolio. We have also increased the hedging on our retail portfolio to better manage or to increase the insurance around volumetric risk or weather risk. So we believe that the portfolio is well positioned to benefit from what we believe is going to be a very tight summer in Texas.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And just entirely separately, quickly here, on solar, you alluded to solar monetizations, broadly speaking. How are you thinking about it? Obviously, we've seen some other peers of yours moving to spin their own businesses. Is that something you'd contemplate at some point?
David W. Crane: Well, Julien, what I'd say is that we've contemplated everything. I mean, this has been an exhaustive process. We've looked at all the options. We're aware of everything that's going on in the marketplace, at least everything that's visible in the marketplace. And I just -- I alluded to it pretty directly and pretty explicitly, that we would be back to you on this topic before the end of second quarter. I just don't know what else I can tell you, other than just wait a few weeks and the long wait will be over.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Keith Stanley from Deutsche Bank.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you talk to the level of retail margins and attrition you've seen year-to-date, specific to the existing residential customers in Texas, and how you expect this to evolve over the course of the year? It seems like you guys are still fairly confident with retail guidance for '13 and '14, reaffirmed despite higher gas prices now.
David W. Crane: Keith, let -- I'm going to ask Elizabeth Killinger, who runs that business, to answer that question for you.
Elizabeth Killinger: Yes. We've seen sustained margins, as Mauricio mentioned, in Texas. We've sustained our unit margins and believe we're well positioned, both from a selling perspective on acquiring new customers, as well as retaining others using the new channels that we have, as well as innovative products that we're launching to intrigue customers to recognize we're different, whether it's providing home services or providing just the standard commodity plan.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And one quick clarification on the operational merger synergies. Do you expect to provide an update before the end of Q2 as in June 30, or as part of the Q2 earnings call?
David W. Crane: That's a good clarification, but -- before the end of -- before June 30, before the end of the quarter.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to touch on PJM and the outlook for heat rates in that market. There's quite a bit of debate about the impact of coal plant retirements over time to heat rate. As you look out at the market now, what's your view in terms of whether there is further heat rate movement likely or whether you see headwinds, be it from renewables, lack of demand growth or whatever the case may be?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Stephen, this as Mauricio. I think on the last quarter, we tried to, at least, quantify what would be the impact on heat rates and that potential upside, given the retirements that we're expecting due to MACT in 2015 and the New Jersey head. I think we said somewhere in the order of magnitude of $4 to $5 per megawatt hour, just to get to cost of new entry economics. Clearly, that's going to depend on the capacity revenues or the capacity auction results, that we will see later in the month, that will fill the gap to incentivize that -- the new generation that is expected to be required in the '16 to '17 timeframe. So our view hasn't changed dramatically from that. We are expecting somewhat more volatility and, potentially, some upside this summer, given that demand response will potentially set price going into effect this summer. So I would say that that's the short term and the longer-term view that we have in PJM.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And just as a follow-up on a different matter. David, you talked about the solar and we'll stay tuned on that, but you have a number of other contracted conventional assets that are relatively bond-like in terms of their cash flows over time. Could you just talk to your general views as to appetite to monetize some of those, given that they are so bond-like and maybe there are fires do it [ph] effectively, put a higher multiple on that than what's reflected in your own stock?
David W. Crane: Well, Steve, I mean, it's a good question. I'm not sure I ever heard to our contracted assets talk to as bond-like, but I can see your point. Yes -- no, I mean, it's something we're aware of that -- I mean, particularly with the new projects being brought online this year that are contracted, that the company's balance of -- on the wholesale side between assets that are -- what would be characterized as merchant versus contracted is moving more towards the contracted. And I think whether or not the market -- its volume and such is an open question. So certainly, it's something that we have under evaluation.
Operator: And that question is from the line of Angie Storozynski.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: So let me ask the question that everybody is probably dying to ask. So we're waiting for the PJM capacity auction. We're hoping to hear about some of the changes to the recently acquired GenOn portfolio. You're suggesting that we're going to hear those -- about those changes or any updates in June, which sounds like after the auction. Should we -- does it -- I mean, should we imply that, basically, some of the CapEx that you might be talking about is contingent on clearing in this auction. And also, if you're willing at all to say what are your expectations for the auction, that would be great.
David W. Crane: Well, Angie, I can't imagine that we're going to answer that question in any substantive way.
Christopher S. Moser: Well, I could -- I can touch the various...
David W. Crane: Okay. Does anybody want to have anything to add to what Angie just said?
Christopher S. Moser: You got it. This is Chris. I think in the last earnings call, Mauricio mentioned that our outlook on the PJM auction, I think we covered that already. I think the one piece I'll throw out there is that, with Kirk just doing the MOPA ruling last week, I think that we've -- that was part of our calculations and kind of -- we're disappointed about it, but it was within our expectations. So I don't think it changes what we said in the last earnings call. That's about -- that's all I've got incrementally [ph].
David W. Crane: Angie, do you want to ask a different question?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: But is it fair to assume that you're waiting with any updates on coal CapEx or conversions of coal plants until that auction happens?
David W. Crane: Angie, I can swear that, that question is identical to the question that you just asked 30 seconds before. And this isn't the Austin Powers movie. If you ask the same question 3 times, we're not going to answer it either the first, second or third time that you ask it. Is there a different question, Angie, that you'd like to ask?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: How about maybe -- you mentioned the potential M&A target.
David W. Crane: That's really a good path you're going down there. So what's your question there?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Can you tell us versus which region you would be focused on? Roughly speaking, is it more of Texas or is it more Northeast? Is it PJM?
David W. Crane: It's interesting, Angie, that you asked that question, because I would say, compared to the past and the 10 years I've been here before, where we used to talk about the fact that we would like a bigger base portfolio in PJM and there was the time when we would talk about how we really needed a load-falling [ph] asset down in South Central. Pretty much in terms of the real needs of the generation portfolio, we like where we are. I mean, we bounced away from Texas a little bit. And obviously, you can tell in the first quarter this year that, that helped us already. So to us, we're -- one, as we consider things, it's very much look for value where there's value to be obtained. We have no intrinsic desire to expand our geographic footprint from where we are. But if we could do that at extraordinary value, we would consider that as well. But -- so I think there is nothing that you need to be concerned about that we're going to reach out to and sort of pay a big number for and then sort of try and justify it on the grounds that it was strategic. Boy, well, I thought that was a good answer. I mean, did you not like that answer? The disappointment in your voice is palpable, Angie. So I'm not sure that that's the best way to end the quarterly earnings call, but given that we have to hold you to the 2 questions protocol. Steve, operator, I think that's it. So, everyone, we very much appreciate you taking the time to be on this call. And as I've mentioned at least a couple of times now, we don't know exactly the forum that we're going to be speaking to you but we expect to speak to you on at least 2 topics before the end of the second quarter, which we defined as the last day in June. So thank you very much, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin - Vice President of Investor Relations David W. Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer James Steffes - Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 4 2012 NRG Energy, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Patrick, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Chad Plotkin, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Patrick, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to NRG's Year End and Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call, associated presentation material, as well as the replay of the call in the Investor Relations section of our website. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in today's presentation, which explains the risks and uncertainties associated with future events and the forward-looking statements made in today's press release and presentation material. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and the conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is Wednesday, February 27, 2013, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Chad, and good morning to everyone. I'm joined here today by Mauricio Gutierrez, the company's Chief Operating Officer; and Kirk Andrews, the company's Chief Financial Officer. They will both be giving part of this presentation and be available for questions thereafter. Also joining us, some other NRG executives who will be available to answer your questions: Anne Cleary, the company's Chief Integration Officer; Chris Moser, who runs the company's Commercial Operations, including our Trading; and Elizabeth Killinger, who runs Retail for us in Texas; and Jim Steffes, who runs Retail for us in the Northeast United States. So let me begin by recognizing that certain dichotomies exist between what we typically focus on during this earnings call and what we, NRG management, concentrate on while conducting the company's day-to-day business. Chief of these dichotomies is the one that exists around personal safety. While safety is not the focus of the financial community, it's very much our focus. Indeed, for NRG management, it is our primary focus. As such, I'm pleased to report today that in 2012, NRG achieved the best safety performance record in its history, a 0.52 OSHA recordable rate with not a single life-altering injury. This performance places us well within the top decile of our industry and is a testament to the hard work and professionalism of NRG's now 8,000 employees. To put this achievement into a historical context, in 2004, my first full year here at NRG, our OSHA recordable rate was 4.48, which was itself significantly down from a rate of 6.05, which was what the company achieved in 2003, the year before I came here. So having brought the rate down over 90% in 2003 to 0.52 in 2012 is extremely noteworthy. So I want to start by using this public forum to congratulate the men and women of NRG on an absolutely stellar safety performance in 2012. Now as we turn to 2012 financial performance, I am very pleased with our overall performance in a year when our fundamental commodities were under nearly constant bearish pressure, nor did the weather give us much upside, even in terms of the Northeast winter or the Texas summer. Not notwithstanding the moderate weather that we experienced in 2012, for NRG, financially, the formula remained the same in 2012. Solid EBITDA with a healthy contribution from retail and a growing contribution from solar, plus robust free cash flow before growth. We also made significant strides in 2012 across our three-part strategic platform of enhance generation, expand retail and go green. I'll hit the highlights in each of these 3 areas on subsequent slides. But first, I want to focus for a moment on an achievement, which has received relatively little public comment today, and that is the actions taken around our Louisiana portfolio in 2012. A decade-long extension to a couple of critical co-op contracts; a constructive settlement with the EPA of long-standing NSR litigation relating to Big Cajun II; and the reassessment of the company's overall environmental spend in light of currently applicable environmental and economic factors, which has enabled us to reduce our public estimate of our future overall spend as a company on environmental CapEx by over $100 million. This favorable outcome was a result of the coordinated efforts spearheaded by our Louisiana management team under the leadership of our Gulf regional organization. Now turning to Slide 4, there are 2 points here. The first point is that we, in NRG management, have long objected to the view that our stock is just a proxy for long-term natural gas prices. Clearly in the past, now and into the foreseeable future, NRG will do better in a higher natural gas price environment than in a low natural gas price environment. But our goal as a management team has been to create a business model that allows NRG not only to survive, but also to flourish no matter what the price of natural gas might be from time to time. We have made significant strides in that regard, and it seems that the separation of our stock price performance from natural gas prices in the second half of 2012 might suggest that the market is coming to believe it as well. My second point on this slide, which is obvious from the chart on Slide 4, is that 2012 was not an evenly paced year for the company. We clearly gained momentum during the second half of the year, and we are focused right now, hard on maintaining and accelerating that momentum in 2013 as we springboard off the forceful and expedited implementation of the GenOn integration. In that regard, turning to Slide 5, under Ann Cleary's leadership, our integration effort has jumped off to a great start. Just 8 weeks into the integration, our confidence level on what we can achieve could not be higher. And as a result, we are pleased to announce an increase in our overall cost synergy target arising out of this combination from $175 million to $185 million. 52% of our new revised target run rate for total cost synergies already has been captured, and that's $97 million a year. Plus, over 90% of our balance sheet synergies, representing an additional $93 million a year, already has been put in place. So we are well on our way to delivering what we've promised. As to what we have not yet promised, we have not yet revised our estimate of the operational synergies that we expect to be able to achieve as a result of operating the generating assets of classic NRG and the former GenOn plants as one combined fleet. I want to assure you that such work is ongoing at a very granular level across all the plants now in our system. As soon as we have firmed up the commercial and technological viability of our asset management plan around the entire set of generation assets, we will inform you of what we think we can achieve in regards to increased operational synergies, the cost to achieve these synergies and how long it will take us to achieve them. At this point, it is still too early for me to be specific, but I continue to believe that the $25 million a year estimate is quite conservative. Now turning to Slide 6. While we obviously are focused as a company on the GenOn integration at the corporate level and on the wholesale side of the business, there are significant movement underway within NRG's retail companies to make sure we continue to grow our retail businesses in a way that enhances shareholder value, which means to us, profitable and intelligent growth with the key wholesale supplier risk inherent in the retail business covered or partially covered by our own wholesale supply. To do this, we have reorganized our multi-brand strategy, principally on geographic lines, with Elizabeth Killinger of Reliant assuming all responsibility for NRG Retail in Texas; and Jim Steffes at the Green Mountain, assuming responsibility for all NRG retail in the Northeast United States. For each of our retail leaders, one of their many key objectives for 2013 will be to more closely integrate new clean energy products and services of the type -- briefly described near the bottom of Slide 6, into their conventional grid-based retail business. We already have a head start in this regard with what Reliant already has accomplished with smart energy products and services for the home, and we believe an assertive expansion of these clean energy products and services aimed at the end-use energy consumer and the seamless integration of them into a conventional retail offering of system power will have multiple benefits. It will differentiate our retail value proposition, promote customer retention and act as its own distinct and attractive sales channel. I think we will be able to report on very positive developments in the retail space by the end of 2013. Now turning to Slide 7. The other major area of management focus, which you should be tracking, is our company's very substantial construction program. For the last couple of years, we have carried forward a multibillion-dollar construction program. From your perspective to date, there has been little to show for in terms of current EBITDA contribution. In 2013 and 2014, our construction program bears fruit in a significant way. In 2013, we expect over 2,000 megawatts of utility scale conventional and solar generation to come online. These projects should generate over $500 million in incremental EBITDA, almost all of which is fully contracted. So far, all of these projects are performing fully or close to fully in line with our expectations with respect to both time and schedule. You will be hearing more from us as meaningful milestones are achieved in our construction program in the months to come. Beyond these projects, we continue to make substantial investment in a robust development program aimed at both revitalizing our conventional fleet in key locations and continuing the attractive growth of our industry-leading solar portfolio. With respect to the latter, we have over 900 megawatts of mid- to late-stage Tier 2 utility scale solar projects in development in key markets across the United States, 72 megawatts of which are already under contract. We also see and are pursuing significantly sized solar development programs at the sub-utility scale level in industry, commercial and arising out of government procurement. Now turning to Slide 8 and to capital allocation, which is the fourth part of NRG strategy for value-enhancing growth. As mentioned previously, the company stands to be substantially free cash flow positive both in 2013 and 2014, notwithstanding the continued weakness of the underlying gas price fundamentals, and that free cash flow generation will add to the cash already on NRG's balance sheet, which we already have acknowledged as liquidity in excess of current need. Without undermining our eternal and unyielding commitment to prudent balance sheet management, or PBSM, as it's referred to in the upper part of this slide, we are now in a position to consider our options with respect to the optimization of your capital without the artificial constraints imposed in previous years upon us by various restricted payment baskets. You will note, and Kirk will elaborate further, that as a first salvo in this regard, we have chosen to do 2 things: An increase in our annual dividend on common stock back to a level, which approximates 2% per year, the average dividend yield of the S&P 500; plus a buyback of $200 million worth of common stock. Together, these 2 actions represent a return to shareholders of close to 5% of our market capitalization. What we hope we have accomplished with these 2 actions is first, having initiated the common dividend just last year. This year, we are acknowledging the principle that the dividend should grow over time. And second, with the share buyback, that we will not sit indefinitely on all of our excess capital. We see a lot of opportunities across our wholesale to retail business footprint within our industry and with our industry in a considerable state of flux with our own internal development opportunities and with the clean energy industry still struggling to figure out where it fits with the conventional business. We are highly confident we can deploy the company's capital in a way that generates cash, outearns our own cost of capital and enhances the strength of our overall asset portfolio and business model going forward. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mauricio
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. NRG closed 2012 on a high note and delivered another year of strong performance across the board. I want to take this opportunity to join David and recognize every one of our colleagues at NRG for making this year the safest in our 9-year history. It was also our best year from an environmental standpoint. These are outstanding accomplishments that makes us all proud and the foundation for our best-in-class operations. Now back to the results for the quarter on Slide 10. Our integrated platform delivered on our goal despite the low commodity price environment. Retail grew customer count and margins, and our commercial group was very successful in managing the retail loads and maximizing the value of our generation portfolio in a year where many of our markets saw the lowest electricity prices in a decade. As we work through the integration process, it is important to start by providing you with a post-transaction view in key areas of operations, hedging disclosures and environmental spend. To that effect, the environmental capital plan of the combined company will be $630 million through 2017. This includes the $100 million reduction primarily related to mass compliance at our Big Cajun II facility that we announced during our third quarter call. The entire operations group is very focused on further optimizing our combined spend through our successful FORNRG program and executing on operational synergies. As you know, the program has delivered significant improvement in the past, and this year was no exception. You can expect to hear from us in this area in the weeks and months to come. Finally, on the construction front, we commissioned 280 megawatts of utility scale solar generation in 2012 with Borrego and Alpine coming online at the beginning of this year. El Segundo and Marsh Landing made significant progress in 2012 and remain on track for commercial operations in 2013. During the year, we also kicked off the construction of our Parish Peaker project for operation later in the year. Turning to our operational metrics on Slide 11 and starting with safety, we achieved the lowest recordable injury rate in NRG's history and for the 4th year out of the last 5, achieved top decile performance in our industry. During the fourth quarter, 97 out of 104 locations were without a single recordable injury. I mentioned this post-merger count to highlight that we have combined 2 strong safety cultures, and we expect a continuation of great results going forward. A continuous improvement culture that drives our safety performance translates to results in the larger organization. For the fourth quarter, our generation was up 8% compared to last year, driven primarily by the West region, which tripled the amount of generation in the Northeast assets. For the year, generation was down 10% compared to 2011, driven almost entirely by Texas due to coal-to-gas switching in the early part of the year, based on availability and milder weather. Our coal availability was 85% for the year. As I've mentioned in the past, in this commodity price environment, we need to balance operating performance and margin of risk by proactively taking outages during uneconomic periods with little opportunity costs. Our gas portfolio performed well with almost 8,000 starts and 98% starting reliability. On January 8, we have failure on 1 of our 2 main transformers at STP Unit 2, caused incorrectly a unit trip while impacting one of the lube oil pumps. We experienced blade damage due to the turbine closing down without lubrication. Repair work is in progress, and we expect to have the unit back online by early May. The problem was isolated to the power side of the plant, and there was never a nuclear safety issue nor was anyone hurt during the incident. Our FORNRG program had a very successful start with $36 million above our target for the year. A combination of recurring and nonrecurring items on asset optimization, property tax relief, retail synergies and outage optimization work helped us achieve this result. This program creates the right framework to achieve our operational synergies and one that will leverage best practices across a portfolio of now 100 plants and 330 fossil units. Moving on to Slide 12. Our retail business has finished the year strong, delivering $656 million of EBITDA, slightly ahead of expectations, driven primarily by an increasing customer count, higher volumes and sustainable retail margins. In 2012, NRG grew customer count organically by 142,000 customers with 2/3 of them coming outside of Texas, a compelling 7% growth rate overall. These results were driven by our effective sales and service execution, as well as the introduction of additional innovative promotions, products, channels and partnerships. Our investment in geographic growth to enter and further penetrate the Northeast markets was also effective, where we grew customer count by 43% year-over-year. 2012 was another year winning best competition in the C&I markets, and we remain committed to diligently manage the business, making trade-off to ensure profitable growth. Recognizing that Texas and Northeast markets are unique and consumers have distinct preferences for brand, channel and product combination, we refocused our business regional in the fourth quarter. This will enable our multi-brand business to launch relevant promotions, sales and products for each market, while leveraging our customer operations, scale, efficiencies and bad debt effectiveness across all our bands and markets. Finally, the result for the quarter of the year is that we once again balanced customer count and margin consistent with our long-term strategy, and this strong performance has enabled NRG to remain the largest retail business in Texas with a healthy growing presence in the Northeast. Moving on to Slide 13, I'd like to share a few comments in 2 of our core markets. Starting with our -- at the most immediate opportunity, we continue to see reserve margins below the target level despite downward revisions in local estimates by ERCOT in their latest report. Spark spreads have improved recently and are now indicated at the top end of the 6-month trading rates, but remain below new build economics by $4 to $5 per megawatt hour, as you can see on the upper left chart. The ongoing debate around resource adequacy solutions and the recently announced changes of the commission will likely push any long-term position, probably summer. In the meantime, we continue to work closely with ERCOT and other stakeholders to improve the real-time price formation prior to this summer. Specifically, we are addressing real-time price mitigation and expansion of operating reserves, which if properly addressed, should help to provide the appropriate economic signals to the market. In PJM, we see potential recovery in the medium term, with tightening coming from the supply side in the form of announced coal retirements for all clear megawatts, as shown in the upper right-hand chart, with a potential to lose another 2 to 4 gigawatts of average New Jersey head units. And you can see on the chart the combination of significant retirements across a heavy reliance on demand response to meet the reserve margin target, would indicate to us the need to -- the need for some premium in the market, which is noticeably absent as we look at the spark of spreads on the chart below. Based on new build economics, the potential OpEx could be close to $6 per megawatt hour, which our fleet will be well positioned to benefit from. Turning to our hedging disclosure on Slide 14, we have fully hedged our 2013 expected coal and nuclear generation. In the medium to long term, we retain significant exposure so as markets improve, we stand to benefit from heat rate expansion and gas recovery. On the coal supply, we remain opportunistic to hedge the remaining overexposure in 2013 and, since our last call, we executed a coal transportation agreement for our Maryland units. I'm also pleased to report that the commercial integration so far have been relatively smooth, and we expect to finalize all changes to systems and personnel prior to this summer. Finally, Slide 15 summarizes the goals and priorities for the operations group. We are focused first on completing the integration of the GenOn portfolio and executing on operations, commercial and construction objectives; second, on delivering the operational synergies that we committed across the fleet, both of which laid the foundation for our success in 2013 and beyond. With that, I will turn things over to Kirk for the financial review
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 17, NRG is reporting fourth quarter 2012 adjusted EBITDA of $420 million. For the full 12 months of 2012, adjusted EBITDA totaled over $1.9 billion, with nearly $1.2 billion from wholesale, $656 million from retail and $86 million from our solar projects. Our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results include the impact of the GenOn transaction, which contributed approximately $10 million in adjusted EBITDA following the closing of the merger on December 15. Meanwhile, 2012 adjusted cash flow from operations was a robust $1.1 billion, driving free cash flow before growth of approximately $900 million for the year and leading to a $1.3 billion improvement in liquidity since year-end 2011. Turning to capital allocation, I'm pleased to announce that we have now completed over 98% of the $1 billion debt reduction target announced in mid-2012 in connection with the GenOn transaction, significantly strengthening NRG's consolidated balance sheet. We achieved nearly $800 million in debt reduction by year-end 2012 through the combination of the 2017 refinancing and the repayment of the GenOn term loan. In 2013, NRG launched a debt open-market repurchase program, which has now been completed, resulting in the repurchase of $200 million in NRG unsecured notes of various maturities and representing the balance of our $1 billion deleveraging target. In addition, having achieved our minimum delevering objective, we have now captured $93 million of the $100 million in annual free cash flow from balance sheet efficiencies announced in connection with the merger. Importantly, we now expect the $10 million increase in cost synergies, which will lead to at least $310 million in free cash flow benefits resulting from the GenOn transaction. The reduction in total debt, when combined with substantially increased adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow in 2013 and beyond, now places us in line with target prudent balance sheet management metrics, providing NRG the flexibility to allocate its substantial excess capital towards both enhanced return to shareholders and the continued investment in NRG's future growth. In the third quarter of 2012, NRG initiated its first-ever dividend, as our committed vehicle for annual return of capital to shareholders at a rate of $0.36 per share. This initial dividend was based primarily on the growing contracted cash flows from our successful renewable investment efforts. With the completion of our equity investments in our Tier 1 solar projects by the end of 2012, we see all of these projects reach COD by 2014 and deliver over $300 million in adjusted EBITDA. Finally, in the third quarter of 2012, NRG announced a 20% reduction in expected environmental CapEx, further enhancing free cash flow and capital for allocation by a total of $100 million through 2017. In 2013, with our balance sheet now significantly strengthened, our credit metrics in line, previous RT constraints now lifted and a significant portion of our cash flow synergies captured, we are now pleased to announce a $200 million share buyback program, which when combined with an intended 33% increase in our annual dividend of $0.48 per share, represent a substantial increase in total capital we return to shareholders in 2013 versus 2012. Turning briefly to the guidance overview on Slide 18, we are reaffirming the recently announced increase guidance ranges for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth for 2013 and 2014. Turning to Slide 19. Beginning in 2013, NRG is changing the methodology used to calculate adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. We believe this new methodology, when combined with enhanced quarterly disclosure regarding NRG's proportionate share of debt and partially owned investments, will provide investors clarity to assist in evaluating NRG's enterprise value and leverage. The changes to adjusted EBITDA include the following: first, we will now include a pro rata portion of the EBITDA of our equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates, instead of using a pro rata portion of net income; second, we will discontinue the deduction of noncontrolling interests, and we'll provide separately the proportionate amount of adjusted EBITDA and debt attributable to our partners in consolidated investments; third, given the significant increase in plant retirements resulting from the GenOn transaction, we will now exclude nonrecurring plant deactivation cost from the calculation of adjusted EBITDA; and finally, we will now exclude interest income from adjusted EBITDA and instead report it as a reduction of interest expense in the buildup of adjusted EBITDA in our Reg G disclosures. In addition, we will begin adjusting free cash flow before growth investments for distributions to noncontrolling interests. This was previously deducted below this line to arrive at a change in cash or capital for allocation. However, as we do not currently anticipate making distributions to noncontrolling investors until 2015, our revised methodology does not affect our free cash flow before growth investments guidance under the new methodology. With a number of our projects partially owned, we believe this new EBITDA methodology-enhanced disclosure will permit us to provide our investors with a clearer picture of NRG's adjusted EBITDA. Slide 20 provides you a breakdown of the impact of these changes in methodology on our 2013 and 2014 adjusted EBITDA guidance ranges. The total impact of these changes is approximately $80 million in 2013 and $60 million in 2014, resulting in a revised adjusted EBITDA ranges of $2.615 billion to $2.815 billion in 2013 and $2.760 billion to $2.960 billion in 2014. These changes impact the wholesale and solar guidance ranges only, with no impact in retail adjusted EBITDA guidance under the revised method. These revised adjusted EBITDA ranges are now more closely aligned with NRG's consolidated debt balances and will also provide investors the basis for understanding NRG's proportionate share of adjusted EBITDA and debt, which I will cover on Slide 21. Turning to Slide 21 and focusing on 2014, the year in which our Tier 1 solar projects have all reached COD. At the top of this slide and starting with our adjusted EBITDA guidance under revised methodology, we have deducted our partner's share of EBITDA to arrive at NRG's proportionate share of adjusted EBITDA guidance. In the blue section of the slide, we have also provided adjustments to our projected consolidated debt balance for 2014, deducting our partner's share of debt and adding NRG share of debt associated with investments in unconsolidated affiliates, to arrive at NRG's projected proportionate share of 2014 debt of $15 billion. This compares apples-to-apples to NRG's proportionate share of EBITDA of $2.65 billion to $2.85 billion for 2014. Finally, in the yellow section of the slide, we have also provided separately NRG's proportionate share of both adjusted EBITDA and projected 2014 nonrecourse debt associated with our solar projects. Going forward, we will be providing our partner's share of adjusted EBITDA and debt as a part of the appendix to our quarterly presentations, as we believe this additional information will permit investors a clearer understanding of NRG's leverage, the leverage levels of our solar projects in particular and provide the basis for EBITDA multiple-based valuation of NRG. Turning to corporate liquidity on Slide 22. NRG's current liquidity increased by $1.3 billion in 2012 to approximately $3.4 billion. This increase is primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents of $983 million due to the cash acquired in the GenOn transaction, which is net of cash used to retire the GenOn term loan; and an increase in the revolver availability of $385 million, primarily due to the reduction in letters of credit resulting from the sell-down of Agua Caliente. Our 2012 year-end cash would significantly exceed our targeted minimum balance of $900 million when, combined with our substantial free cash flow generation, formed the basis for capital available for allocation, which I will review in further detail shortly. Turning to Slide 23. As a part of our 2013 capital allocation program, we intend to increase our annual dividend by 33% from $0.36 to $0.46 per common share beginning in the second quarter of 2013. The El Segundo project, when combined with the Marsh Landing project acquired in connection with the GenOn transaction, will both be online in 2013 and will begin contributing substantial cash distributions. These significant distributions, when combined with the cash flows from renewable assets, which form the basis for establishing our initial dividend, provide an expanded base of contracted cash flows to support NRG's increased dividend rate. By 2014, we expect total distributions from these long-term contracted projects to exceed the 2013 dividend rate by approximately $25 million and expect this excess to grow to nearly $75 million by 2015, providing the basis for potential continued dividend growth. In a market environment with reliable yield hard to come by and many utility dividend payout rates now under pressure, we are pleased to now be in a position of providing enhanced current return to our investors based on the successful prior allocation of capital of these contracted investments. Moreover, NRG's increased dividend rate also represents only around 15% of our free cash flow before growth, providing a broader base of certainty, support and potential growth for this important vehicle for returning shareholder value. And finally, turning to capital allocation on Slide 24, NRG ended 2012 with an excess cash balance of $1.062 billion, which consists of cash and cash equivalents less our targeted cash balance of $900 million and $125 million of cash at certain excluded project subsidiaries, which is not currently distributable to NRG. subsidiaries, which is not currently distributable to NRG. This excess cash balance, when combined with NRG's 2013 free cash flow before growth investments, leads to $1.962 billion to $2.162 billion in cash available for allocation in 2013, representing more than a 60% increase over 2012. Approximately $900 million of 2013 cash available for allocation has already been allocated through a combination of previously committed growth investments, scheduled debt amortization in 2013, the capital deployed since year end to complete the open-market purchase of NRG unsecured notes, integration costs associated with the GenOn transaction and finally, a reserve for NRG's intended increased dividend. We have now also allocated $200 million toward an authorized share repurchase program to be deployed during 2013, which when combined with the dividend increase, represents a significant increase in returning shareholder capital. After the capital allocation measures announced today are implemented, NRG's ongoing cash flow generation through 2013 will still provide nearly $1 billion in cash liquidity in excess of current commitments. We believe that type of financial flexibility as the year unfolds is a huge advantage in the dynamic marketplace and fluid capital markets in which we currently operate. However, consistent with our commitment to enhancing cash flow, exceeding our cost of capital and providing clear shareholder communication, we will continue to adhere to be disciplined in evaluating and executing any investment decisions. With that, I'll turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David W. Crane: Thanks, Kirk. As has been my tradition during my 9 years at NRG, on Slide 26, which is the last slide, we're ending our first earnings deck of the year with a checklist of key objectives for the year ahead. My goal in doing this is obviously so you can follow along and hold us accountable as we succeed or fail in our effort to lead the company you own forward. Most of these specific goals were touched upon by Mauricio, Kirk or myself previously in this presentation, so I'm not going to elaborate further on any of these individual goals, unless you want me to. So I'll end by making only one point. I think the fundamental strength of NRG is that we are not wedded to generation alone or to retail alone or to any other single link in the energy value chain. We're not wedded to one technology, to one source of fuel or to one geographic location. We can go wherever in the industry we see the potential for profitable growth and shareholder value creation, and we have built a company now that has the ability to do just that. We look forward in 2013 to building on the momentum generated by a very successful 2012 for the benefit of all of you, the owners of NRG. And with that, Patrick, we are happy to take a few questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brandon Blossman with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I guess first off, David, CO2 legislations/EPA regulation, just your general thoughts about where we are, say, versus 4 years ago and where we are today versus pre-election.
David W. Crane: Well, Brandon, how much time do you have? I mean from my perspective, a considerable amount of work has been done, particularly, I mean actually on the GenOn side of the equation in terms of back-end control. I mean it seems to me that where we're at quite frankly, on the coal side of the conventional power industry, is the plants that have put on the back-end controls I think have a medium- to long-term future. The ones that don't, at this point, it doesn't make a huge amount of economic sense to put more back-end controls on. With the idea the EPA regulating carbon by regulation, I mean, I assume that's the path we're on now. I mean I don't see -- I mean there's obviously been more talk about climate change and the like with the reelection of President Obama, but I don't see any sort of legislation passing through Congress. So it's up to the EPA. And I think they'll take action, but the nature of EPA action will be so slow-moving once it works its way through the whole process, that it's almost not really even in our short- to medium-term planning horizon. It's something really virtually for the next decade. So in that sense, I don't think there has been a fundamental change as opposed to the last results of the election cycle. I don't think there's any sort of talk in any circles about a rebirth of the Waxman-Markey-style legislation. So I think we're in a pretty good place. I mean the amount of money that we're talking about spending to finish out the back-end controls, I think that's really it, and we're going to be pretty well set. Did that answer your question at all? I mean, because I could go on, but I should stop there and let you ask. You're allowed what, one backup question or a second follow-up question, right, Chad?
Chad Plotkin: Absolutely.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Yes. No, that's helpful and it may reenter the follow-up question, which is about growth. You guys have proven to be head and shoulders about the peers as far as being opportunistic around looking for newer or perhaps often senseless places for growth. Say over the next 3 years, a balance between returning cash to shareholders and new growth opportunities, where do you see that weighting, biased towards one direction or another over the next 3 years?
David W. Crane: Well, Brandon, the first way I'd answer that question is to punt and basically say it's the last 5 years that I've been in this industry, which is really actually like the 5 years before, that has proven one thing is that none of us have any idea what the next 5 years are going to be about. And I think what we've really done is built a company now with its natural resources that can go in either direction. I mean we actually do, I think maybe unlike some of the other companies in our sector, see a lot of opportunities across the space. And I would say right now, in terms of reinvesting in the business, I would say we've got a lot going on, on the generation side. But I guess what really animates me when I get up in the morning is what we can do on the retail space and around the customer and bringing together conventional retail and new clean energy and products, which will be appealing to the consumer. The thing though about those types of investments, Brandon, is they tend not to be as capital-intensive, and the bets are smaller. Hopefully, the payback is quicker or as they say, if you're going to fail at something, fail quickly and cheaply. And so as we move and try new things in that area, I think it will still leave a lot of capital for the return of capital to shareholders. I mean, obviously, we're excited about what we did today in terms of the increase of the dividend in particular. We'd like to do more of that in the future, but obviously, we're not committing ourselves to a particular rate of increase. And as Kirk talked about, it's going to be sort of tied to how much we get accomplished in terms of contracted investments. And I think that we will see more -- in this natural gas price environment, if there's going to be more built in the United States on the generation side, it's all going to be based on bilateral contract. We've got great sites, we've got the people, we've got the ability to repower, conventional and renewable. And so, hopefully, we can grow the dividend off the back of an ever-increasing amount of contracted revenue streams. So that's my long-winded answer. My short-winded answer is I think we can do both. We can continue to return capital to shareholders and really stakeholders in terms of debt paydown and reinvest across our portfolio of businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Cohen with ISI.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions, one for David and one for Kirk. David, do you have any sense of when we're going to get an update on the O&M synergies in 2013? How long will it take you to do your review and what that would amount to?
David W. Crane: Well, what I would tell you is that we would, Jon, probably tell you more than I should, we would like to disclose the more -- the greater synergies about the time or on the next earnings call, but I can't commit to that 100% because we have a clear idea commercially of what we would like to do. But I mean we need to do sort of a technical review of some of our plants as to make sure the plants can back up what we want to do on the commercial end. And that involves things like boiler inspections and analysis, which are far beyond my intellectual capacity to understand. And if those take longer than the next earnings cycle, then we're going to take a little bit longer because when we do come out, we want to be 100% certain that we can accomplish what we tell you we're going to accomplish. But certainly, our goal is the next earnings call.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. Okay. And then -- and Kirk, what are the opportunities for further delevering aside from just open-market repurchases? So I know a lot of the debt, especially the GenOn debt, is trading at pretty high levels here. But what's the timeline on when various pieces of that become callable? And I guess the second question is, are you happy to hang on to some of that excess deployable cash until the call dates or is that kind of too far out?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, I'll take your questions -- the components of your questions in reverse order. No, I'm not happy to hang onto excess deployable cash for an undefined period of time for any purpose, but I feel comfortable that we've got sufficient cash flow generation and liquidity to be able to address the opportunities that may arise on the debt side of the equation. But in terms of the opportunities that I see currently, what hamstrings us, at least opportunistically, clearly, we were focused on and are pleased to have achieved the $1 billion deleveraging objective, which is what the last component of that open-market purchase program was all about, taking care of that last 200. Looking forward, given the fact that our balance sheet is in line with our targets and return to shrink, my view is in further delevering, it constitutes opportunistic delevering. And given the trading levels of our bonds, as you acknowledge the fact that, to answer your question, they aren't currently callable, our 2014 maturity at the GenOn level obviously comes due in relatively short order, but our remaining maturities are not callable until 2014. I think we've got a couple -- our 2019 -- our 2 tranches of the 2019 bonds are recallable in '14. But until that time, those call premiums are significantly lower than the current trading levels of our bonds, which in my view, don't represent a compelling level, both from a yield and total -- or both from a current return and total return perspective to warrant allocation of capital opportunistically. But we'll continue to look at alternatives around that. But for right now, I think we're satisfied with where we are.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one little knit on Slide 24, you have the green chunk in the pie chart as growth investments of $226 million. Should that not be net of projects financing? So in one of your later slides, I think you had $163 million of project financing. Should that be in addition to what's shown here?
Kirkland B. Andrews: No. The growth investments of $226 million, which is in the green section, that is equity investment that is net of project financing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: At a high level, what are all the options we have in terms of monetizing your solar assets? And how are you thinking about the timing there?
David W. Crane: Well, I'll answer the easier second part of the question and then drop it to Kirk to say what he wants to say about the first half of the question. Our timing is that since really we sold down part of Agua Caliente to MidAmerican, which is now over a year ago, we've been communicating with the investment community that we feel that the best time -- having demonstrated that we could sell down the assets, the solar assets, to add value, that the best time to actually do that to optimize that is around the time of commercial operation of the assets. And the bigger assets in particular are all achieving or coming very close to achieving commercial operation during 2013. So the -- to the timing -- the answer to the timing portion of your question is, our timetable is this year. As to what our options are, Kirk, how much do you want to say or not say in that direction?
Kirkland B. Andrews: I mean the only thing I'd add is clearly, as David said, we're focused on 2013, in part because these -- that's when these assets come online. And with all of them now at COD, we see the realm or universe of potential partners or investors or sell-down candidates as expanding. And the return expectations, given the fact that the perceived risk at least having achieved COD, is now lower. As far as alternatives, I think I'd only say certainly, transaction is not unlike what you saw with Agua Caliente. I certainly continue to see it as being a possibility, both at the individual asset level and though less likely, though still possible, at the sub-portfolio level. But beyond that, I wouldn't elaborate. I think those are probably the 2 most likely categories, but we're continuing to evaluate those. And like you say, I think as we get closer to COD, we're on the precipice of it right now, those opportunities will present themselves more readily.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's awesome. And the second question is around STP Unit 2, what's left to do on that project in order for it to come back in early May?
David W. Crane: Mauricio, do you want to?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I mean right now, we're working on re-blading the turbine, the ones that were damaged, and we remain on track to be operational and available prior to the summer. So right now, our estimate is the beginning of May.
David W. Crane: And Neil, I mean Mauricio makes an important point there, and it's one of the points that sort of showed up in like our availability figures for 2012 as well. There's not much money to be made, to be frank, in the generation business during the shoulder seasons. But we are obviously focused like a laser beam on the conditions in Texas this summer. So the instructions we've given to the plant management at STP is obviously we want you to make these repairs as quickly as you can, but the most important thing is that you need to be there for the Texas summer, reliably operating. So if it takes an extra few days, take those extra days. So that's very much the sort of marching orders there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first, just following up on the GenOn subsidiary, talking about distributions and what expectations are. I know you commented already a little bit about debt paydown. But broadly speaking, what kind of distributions should we be looking for over this year and in the coming years? What's your stated policy, if you will?
David W. Crane: Julien, just to make sure, the question has to do with distributions up from the GenOn subsidiary up to the parent NRG and what you should expect in that front, is that what you're saying?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Absolutely.
David W. Crane: Okay. Kirk?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, first of all, Julien, as I think you're probably aware, there are RP constraints or restricted payments calculations largely similar to those in our own NRG indentures on the GenOn unsecured notes. And the impact of that is the -- and I think we made this clear in our annual disclosure this year and we talked about this before, there's about a $250 million basket that currently exists for distributions to NRG. Clearly, we're now, of course, the only sole shareholder at this point. Beyond that, there is an intercompany agreement for shared services between GenOn and NRG, where the way to think about it is the past and responsibilities that were formerly performed and represented by GenOn standalone G&A are now being performed by NRG, and there is an intercompany payment for those services provided by NRG to GenOn. Beyond that, there is an intercompany revolving credit facility relationship between the 2, and there are certain elements of the GenOn operations, which are currently -- which are not related to the specific physical assets, which are now being performed at the NRG level. So it's a combination of -- there are changes in the operations in terms of the flows. But in terms of degrees of freedom, with that $250 million basket combined with the significant payment annually that is basically a G&A compensation payment, that is the way to think about the flows between the 2 from a distribution standpoint. Hopefully, that addresses your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. And then just following up on capital allocation, broadly speaking, it seems like you have a number of organic investment opportunities this year, I'm thinking specifically Astoria and -- in LCAPP contracts still outstanding. How do you think about potentially pursuing those opportunities I suppose this year?
David W. Crane: Well, I mean look, the sort of development in the conventional space is the province of our regional presence. They've all -- we think we have a competitive advantage in terms of repowering at our existing sites with the cost savings and the locational advantages on the grid. Projects like Astoria, which I think is still the only fully permitted new project in the New York City zone -- if somebody gives us a creditworthy PPA, and we're off to the races. The one thing that I would say, of course, is that this goes back to the question of capital available for allocation. I mean on the conventional side, obviously, building a new power plant is an expensive proposition. But with long-term PPAs and project finance debt and all, and the equity sort of going in over the 2- to 3-year construction period, it's not likely actually to consume an enormous amount of our capital in 2013. So we would like to do as much as we can in terms of repowering, revitalizing at our existing sites. And certainly, Astoria is one of our top priorities for 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Stanley with Deutsche Bank.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: In New York, can you talk about your expectations for capacity pricing as it looks like they're raising their reserve margin and also the local capacity requirement in New York City, so any sort of directional expectation on prices there? And then also just -- could you remind me, do you generally hedge New York capacity prices much in advance or should we assume you receive close to the auction prices going forward?
David W. Crane: Okay. Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Keith, I mean we manage our capacity in a similar way as we do our energy, opportunistically and exerting some sort of market risk. So I think you already pointed out that in our rental state, the reserve margin requirement increased from 16% to 17% in New York City. Their locational capacity requirement actually moved up much higher than that, 83% to 86%. So the combination of that and then some retirement that we have seen, particularly around Vance Kammer [ph] , have really pushed off New York, both New York City and rental state prices significantly in 2013. We said in a couple of calls ago that we remain bullish in New York that we felt that the supply-demand balance could have shifted further quickly by changes in the supply side. We certainly did that. So I think it's fair to assume that we will benefit from it. But having said that, I just want to -- we do hedge our capacity portfolio, and you shouldn't account for one-to-one benefit on our portfolio.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then in Texas, you've talked in the past about the year-round spark spread needed for a new CCGT to be economic. And there's been some news, I think about a week ago, that you were looking to potentially build some peaking capacity at the Robinson plant. How can we think about what's needed in Texas for you to move forward with the construction on peakers since that's more -- it seems like a trickier calculation based more on scarcity pricing and summer spark spreads?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So in the past, we have given what I refer to as the cost of new entry spark spread around $30 per megawatt hour. The compensation of that spark spread is heavily biased towards the summer months. And if I have to point out, it's basically heavily biased towards a few hours of scarcity pricing. So clearly, the market seems a little bit weaker right now. If any generation will be built, it's more peaking capacity rather than combined cycle baseload capacity. Having said that, I think some of the construction that we're seeing, not just from us but other developer, sees project-specific. If you have an advantage or not, a specific project, whether you're sharing common facilities or you have access to favorable debt, I think those are the projects that are going to move forward now. I think there is a finite amount of those projects, and when you look at the amount of reserve or capacity that is required to meet the reserve margin that Texas is targeting, it's a whole lot more than what have been announced today.
David W. Crane: Keith, let me just add a little bit on that, too. Because you have to recognize there's the relatively unique situation we are in when it comes to those scarcity pricing moments in Texas with -- it's an opportunity on the generation side, but it's a time to play defense on the retail side. And we have a lot of peaking generation in Texas. But because of the legacy of where those plants came from, we don't have a lot of really fast-start peaking. And sometimes, you need to be able to move very quickly to capture those 1- or 2-hour time periods. So I think there's a whole bunch of reasons why the initiative you are talking about is not really -- it's a very specific niche need and opportunity for us that I think it's hard to draw sort of systemic-wide conclusions from that one instance.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. If I can just add one more thing, when we look at bringing some of these capacities, really around rejuvenating some of our older, slow-start capacity, so as we're bringing this new fast-start capacity, we're going to evaluate the -- all 3 of them and see if we need to require them or put them in low-cost price.
David W. Crane: Operator, Patrick, I mean we've gone a little bit over the hour, which is entirely our own fault because of our long-winded answers. I would like to -- I'm mindful of everyone's time. We'd like to accommodate 2 more callers, if we could. And then for the other callers in the queue, we'll get their names and Chad will follow up with myself and Mauricio and Kirk if necessary to make sure we get their questions answered. So let's take 2 more callers and then call it a day if we could.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to go back, Mauricio, to what you had mentioned about the sort of disconnect in PJM in 2015 in a sense that a large number of retirements and the forward curves don't appear to be indicative of where things would need to be. Can you speak a little bit to what catalyst might be needed to cause a correction in that regard or how you sort of see that disconnect playing out?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, from my perspective, it's two-fold. One is -- and I think from the chart, we break out announced retirements versus projected retirements. And when I think about projected retirements, they are generations that have been cleared, but not necessarily have been determined whether they're going to exit the market or not. So I think there is a lot of asset optimization and evaluations going on right now in the market. So that's one potential check in the supply-demand balance. The second one is demand response and whether or not we have hit acceleration point. So when you have 1/2 of your reserve margin made up by demand response, and this is probably more a regulatory rather than a market question, how quickly we're going to level the playing field between demand response and generation. So if I have to point to 2, those would be the 2 big catalysts that will spark, I guess, a recovery on spark spreads.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then just a follow-up on retail, I wondered if you all could talk a bit about your experiences in expansion in the Northeast, what kind of competitive dynamics you're seeing. I know you have a number of clean energy initiatives there, but just more broadly as you expand there, what kind of competition are you seeing? Are margins in line with your expectations? Or how is that going?
David W. Crane: Great questions, Steve, and Jim Steffes is going to answer that question.
James Steffes: Sure. Thanks, David. I think in general, the Northeast markets, specifically the C&I side, they are competitive and highly competitive. As we expand, the markets give us different opportunities; each state, each market will be different. And we do see some pockets of opportunity. On the mass-market side, our margins are in line with what we're expecting, and we see continued growth in those markets.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Nobody asked the question about the upcoming PJM capacity auction. You are entering the auction with a very large portfolio. The market is highly consolidated at this point. You talked about the additional coal plant retirements. Could you tell us if some of those plants would be yours? And how -- and what are your expectations for the auction?
David W. Crane: Well, look, I'll leave it to Mauricio to probably not -- first of all, Angie, it makes my day to end this call by listening to your questions, but equally it makes my day by basically not answering the questions. I'll leave that to Mauricio to talk to you about his expectations for the 2016, 2017. But let me start by not answering the first part of your question, which is in terms of future plant retirements, I mean our position going into this call is the same as before, the announcements that were previously made, which were made on the GenOn side, we have no reason at this point to sort of change the outcomes or add to that. Having said that, that's all part of the sort of asset review that we have underway, which is what's across the entire portfolio. But certainly, it's focused in the East, and specifically in the East, more in the PJM footprint than anywhere else. And so that's the sort of thing that you'll hear more from us about hopefully on the next quarterly earnings call. So the 2016, 2017 auction, Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: All right. So our price target is -- we haven't disclosed this. And all I can tell you is when we look at the parameters that were published earlier, there is a couple of plus and minuses. We actually think that the auction results may be sideways to slightly lower than the '15, '16 auctions. So I would leave it at that. In terms of asset optimization retirements, we are, as David already alluded, completely focused on doing a plant-by-plant evaluation on which units are going to continue operation and which units is not economical to put the back-end control. So that's going to be an ongoing conversation. I will tell you that earlier, we announced that the Gilbert and Werner, which were 2 plants that, in the past, GenOn had continuing operations beyond 2015, we actually have filed for the deactivation of mothball. So -- but there is a lot of, I guess, of evaluation going on right now. That's the only 2 that have been publicly announced, and I'll just leave it at that, Angie.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Angie, and thank you all for participating on the call. We apologize for going 8 minutes over, and we look forward to talking to you on the next quarter. Thank you, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-09 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Ed Muller -- Chairman, President and CEO Bill Holden -- CFO Rob Gaudette -- CCO Gary Garcia -- Treasurer Dennis Barber -- IR
Analysts: Brandon Blossman -- Tudor, Pickering, Holt Neil Mehta -- Goldman Sachs Mark Barnett -- Morningstar Security Research Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Andrew Gay -- UBS Jon Cohen -- ISI Group Robert Howard -- Prospector Partners Raymond Leung -- Goldman Sachs
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the GenOn Energy Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Dennis Barber with GenOn Energy. Thank you, Mr. Barber. You may begin.
Dennis Barber: Thank you, Claudia, and good morning everyone. Thank you for participating in GenOn's conference call. Leading the call this morning are Ed Muller, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Holden, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. Also available to answer questions this morning are Rob Gaudette, our Chief Commercial Officer and Gary Garcia, the Treasurer. The earnings release and the slide presentation we're using today is available on our website at www.genon.com in the Investor Relations section. A replay of this call will also be available on the website approximately two hours after the call is completed. As you'll recall, we suspended adjusted EBITDA guidance for GenOn in light of our pending merger with NRG and do not expect to provide guidance while the transaction is pending. Turning to slides 2 and 3, any projections or forward-looking statements made today are based on our current expectations and are subject to the Safe Harbors contained in this slide. Actual results may differ materially from our projections or forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those described in these slides and in our SEC filings. Additionally, we're using non-GAAP measures to provide additional insight into the operating results and reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP figures are also available on the website. I'll now turn the call over to Ed.
Ed Muller: Thanks very much Dennis and good morning everyone. I'll start on slide 5 with an update on our pending merger with NRG, which we announced on July 22nd. First, let me reiterate that the merger will be like the merger in 2010 of Mirant and RRI that created GenOn when the combination will create substantial value for the stockholders of both companies. Key elements of that value creation will be $175 million of annual cost savings, $25 million of annual operational efficiency synergies and $100 million of annual balance sheet efficiencies. Second; about one hour ago, the stockholders of both GenOn and NRG approved the transaction by various substantial majorities. Third, we now require only two remaining approvals prior to closing that from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and that from the New York Public Service Commission. We continue to expect to close the merger by the first quarter of 2013. Turning to slide 6, I'll address several highlights for GenOn. Since it became clear that various environmental rules will lead us and others to deactivate plants, we've noted that a consequence of those deactivations will be a reduction of supply to meet, reducing supply inexorably means higher prices and that is good news for a supplier like GenOn. As we've previously announced on October 1st, we deactivated seven units with collectively 762 megawatts. Those seven units ran hard during the heat waves this past summer. They will not be part of the supply next summer. In February, we announced various unit deactivations to take place through 2015 because our forecasted returns on investments necessary to comply with environmental regulations are insufficient. We regularly assess our deactivation plans to determine whether incremental investments might be justified or whether previously assumed investments are still appropriate. Based on that assessment, we've concluded that the return on the necessary investment in unit 8 at Gilbert in New Jersey is insufficient and now plan to retire the unit in January 2015. This retirement will reduce our capacity by 90 megawatts. Notwithstanding the heat waves and significant demand on our fleet, I'm pleased to report that our plants have been running well. I'm also pleased to report that we did not suffer any material damage from Hurricane Sandy. I'm also once again pleased to report the construction of Marsh Landing in Northern California continues to remain on schedule to be completed by mid 2013 and the project remains on budget. During more than a year and a half on construction and with over 350 construction workers currently on site, we have yet to have a single OSHA-reportable safety incident. Turning to slide 7, we show our hedges as of October 8, both of the fleet and for our baseload coal. Our approach has not changed and you can see that for our baseload coal, we're always fully hedged for this year, heavily hedged for next year and 2014 and less hedged but nevertheless somewhat hedged for 2015 and 2016. The open white box in the power column for 2012 represents a decrease from what we last showed you and the change results from higher expected generation. And with that, I'll turn things over to Bill Holden to walk you through the numbers.
Bill Holden: Thanks Ed and good morning everyone. I'll begin on slide 9. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $321 million, which is an increase of $65 million from Q3 last year. Adjusted EBITDA was up principally because of a higher contribution from California, primarily resulting from higher capacity prices. Adjusted EBITDA also was up because of lower project outage and maintenance expenses. These amounts were partially offset by lower energy gross margin from generation in Western PJM/MISO and lower capacity prices in PJM. For the year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA was down 72 million compared to the same period last year. Energy gross margin was down by 248 million as compared to the same period for 2011, principally from lower generation resulting from contracting dark spreads in Eastern PJM and Western PJM/MISO. Contracted and capacity was down 22 million compared to the same period last year, as lower capacity prices in PJM were only partially offset by higher capacity prices in California. These amounts were partially offset by higher realized value of hedges and lower operating and other expenses. The increase in realized value of hedges resulted primarily from lower power prices, partially offset by lower fuel prices. The reduction in operating and other expenses resulted primarily from lower project outage and maintenance expenses of 33 million, Mirant/RRI merger cost savings of 12 million as well as a $10 million reduction in contractor and consulting fees. Turning to slide 10, slide 10 summarizes debt and liquidity for GenOn at September 30, 2012. Total debt outstanding was a little over $4.4 billion. The increase of 93 million since June 30th was attributable to 95 million of new borrowings on the Marsh Landing credit facility slightly offset by term loan amortization of 2 million. Total cash and cash equivalents was over 1.8 billion of which approximately 1.7 billion was held at GenOn or its subsidiaries other than GenOn Mid-Atlantic REMA. Including availability under the revolving credit facility, total available liquidity was just over $2.4 billion. Funds on deposit at September 30th were 394 million. In connection with the deactivation of Potomac River that Ed mentioned, I would also note that we received in October of the $32 million that had been held in escrow. Turning to slide 11, this slide presents a breakdown of our projected capital expenditures for 2012 and 2013. Note that the amounts in this table reflect the expenditures for the full year 2012 and include expenditures made for the year-to-date. The 108 million shown for compliance with the Maryland Healthy Air Act reflects the settlement with Stone & Webster that was announced earlier this year. Other environmental expenditures are estimated at $38 million this year and a $118 million for 2013. Construction expenditures include the estimated amounts for the construction of our Marsh Landing generating facility, which will commence operations in mid-2013. Other construction expenditures are primarily related to the ash beneficiation facility which is now operating at our Morgan Town plant. With that, I'd turn the call back over to Ed to wrap up and open the call for questions.
Ed Muller: Thanks, Bill. I'll turn to slide 12 to sum up. The big news for GenOn is the pending merger with NRG. The merger will deliver substantial and immediate value to the stockholders of both companies. That value will come from $300 million in annual synergies and balance sheet efficiencies, from the creation of the largest competitive power company in the nation with approximately 47,000 megawatts of capacity and from geographical diversity. We are making good progress and getting the various approvals we need to close on the first quarter of 2013. We're also pleased that our generating fleet has been performing well, especially during the heat waves this past summer in the East. And we're very pleased that Marsh Landing remains on schedule and on budget. Now Claudia, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Brandon Blossman with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please state your question.
Brandon Blossman -- Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Good morning, guys.
Ed Muller: Good morning, Brandon. How are you?
Brandon Blossman -- Tudor, Pickering, Holt: I am good. How are you, Ed?
Ed Muller: Just fine.
Brandon Blossman -- Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Good to hear. All right, well, we're in the last inning here. I guess probably let's start with California capacity payments, so it looks like there was -- at least from my perspective an upside surprise there. Any detail or color you can offer around that? And is that a one quarter item or is that a multi-quarter item?
Ed Muller: Bill, why don't you take that?
Bill Holden: The California capacity increase relative to Q3 of last year related to contracts that were put in place in the 2007-'08 timeframe, so I'm not sure why it would have been an upside surprise while we've suspended guidance, if you look at guidance that we've given in previous periods. That capacity value would have been included in the guidance.
Brandon Blossman -- Tudor, Pickering, Holt: And is that a third quarter item or will we see some of that in fourth quarter?
Bill Holden: I think we're not updating guidance, so it's hard for me to comment on forward-looking information.
Brandon Blossman -- Tudor, Pickering, Holt: And maybe just to follow-on on that, so you're not updating guidance but you're well ahead of full year guidance at this point in the year. Energy doesn't seem like it's changed that much, has it?
Bill Holden: I think and Rob may elaborate on this, but I think what we have seen is generation volumes have been up. And so Rob, you might want to just comment on what we've seen.
Rob Gaudette: Yeah, sure. I mean if you looked back over Q3 or just in the price movement since the last time we talked, prices are up. We saw a lot of generation that, kind of to your question and to our expectations that we weren't expecting and it's because of some heat activity that occurred in Q3 where more generation than was expected was needed. And our units performed during that time period and were called on during that time period where the forward markets may not have expected that. Including me, I wouldn't have expected that. Overall, we've seen without going into what we see in guidance, you can look at the price curves, natural gas is up and I think you can kind of draw your conclusions from that.
Bill Holden: Brandon, this is Bill. The one other thing I might add just thinking about your question on capacity. We do have a page in the appendix that shows the fixed contracted capacity and so I think that all give you sort of the current outlook for the fixed contracted capacity through 2016.
Brandon Blossman -- Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Fair enough and there are no big changes there. Okay. And then Bill just – thanks for the color, Rob. That actually was very helpful. And then Bill, just a small bookkeeping item. So Gilbert SCR out of the environmental queue, doesn't look like there's a big change in the New Jersey peaker costs on a go full environmental cycles spend basis. I think it was 147, I'm referring to page 18, $147 million for the New Jersey peakers. Is it down ex-Gilbert or is that not including Gilbert?
Bill Holden: Yeah, I'll tell you the – let me just find page 18. The Gilbert 8 is not in the 147, so essentially what we have seen is that we refined our estimates for what the cost of compliance in New Jersey will be. And so the 147 million reflects two things, it reflects our refined cost estimates to add SCRs to the CTs, but we also as part of refining those estimates took into account that in order to – when we add the SCRs to the CTs, there would have been additional work done at the Gilbert unit 8 in order to keep the plant operating and combined cycle mode. And it was those expenditures that were not economic, so we've taken them out of the CapEx.
Brandon Blossman -- Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Thanks, that's helpful. Thanks, guys, for all your help. Take care.
Ed Muller: Thanks, Brandon.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Neil Mehta -- Goldman Sachs: Morning.
Ed Muller: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta -- Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Congratulations on the shareholder approval here, really a terrific quarter as well. Can you remind us what is left in terms of regulatory approvals in the merger and are there any explicit dates that we should be watching out for?
Ed Muller: We have two approvals remaining that we need, having obtained everything else. One if from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the second is from the New York Public Service Commission and there's no date specifically that I can point you to, other than to say that these are moving along and we don't expect any issues here.
Neil Mehta -- Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then on coal to gas switching, can you talk us through the different trends you're seeing in different parts of your footprint?
Ed Muller: Rob, you want to take this?
Rob Gaudette: Sure. So Neil, if you think about – this is a long answer to your question, but just to paint it out for you. If you think about the spring of this year, we had substantial amounts of coal to gas switching where we saw a bunch of deep in the money coal units or what we would expect to be in the money coal units not running or only running for reliability purposes and then we saw a lot of pickup in our big gas units like a Chalk Point 3 and 4 as well as our CCGT Hunterstown. We move into the summer and demand picked up, especially in heat events and the grid needed both the coal units and the gas units. And so there is less coal to gas switching. During that same time period, you've seen natural gas prices go up and so you've seen the cost of gas units go up with it. And so what we're seeing now is more coal run than we saw back in the spring, but we still do see substantial gas running on an average day, our CCGT's obviously running. And on higher demand days, we see our big boiler Chalk 3, Chalk 4 type units running. Does that answer your question?
Neil Mehta -- Goldman Sachs: Yes, very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mark Barnett with Morningstar Security Research. Please state your question.
Mark Barnett -- Morningstar Security Research: Good morning, everybody.
Ed Muller: Good morning.
Mark Barnett -- Morningstar Security Research: Just a quick question on the small impairment, is that related to the decision on Gilbert?
Bill Holden: No, the two impairments we took were at Portland and Titus and the background there is that we've viewed the merger announcement as a trigger event that required us to do an impairment analysis for all of our plants. And we did that during Q3, and then the two plants that were impaired where Portland units 1 and 2 and Titus. And essentially the way to the think about that is those were plants where we have announced plans to deactivate them. And so when we did the impairment analysis in light of current forward curves, there was an indication of impairment, so we wrote them down to their current fair value.
Mark Barnett -- Morningstar Security Research: Okay, understand that. I guess just a broader question and it's probably not terribly easy to answer, but given the outcome of the election and maybe a little bit more certainty on that lease, just the aggressiveness that you might see out of the EPA for the next four years. What do you think the odds are of us seeing additional pushback on CSAPR and how are you thinking about any additional regulation that might come down the pipe?
Ed Muller: I think there are two major regulatory initiatives that would affect the – how coal plants in particular either stay in service or are deactivated MATS and CSAPR. And as we have said before, the impact of CSAPR while adverse to us was a short-term phenomenon superseded by MATS which while it requires in the case of MATS deactivations for economic reasons, the net we expect overall is actually a positive because of the constraint that will be coming in on supply, not just -- we will not be the only ones and are not the only ones deactivating plants. So CSAPR to remind you is being reheard on [DOCC] in the District of Columbia Circuit and what that will be in its timeline I don't know. But given just where it fits and the effective date for MATS, which is April 2015, surely MATS that is of any significance and our assumption frankly regardless of who had won the election is that MATS will take effect. There are challenges to it pending, but we are not challenging it and we do think it will remain in effect.
Mark Barnett -- Morningstar Security Research: Okay, thanks, and congratulations on the approval.
Ed Muller: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ali Agha with Suntrust Robinson Humphrey. Please state your questions.
Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Good morning.
Ed Muller: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Ed or Bill, if I was hearing you guys correct, is it fair to say that results through the nine months particularly through the third quarter may have been ahead of what you may have budgeted at this point and the higher output maybe the key driver for that, did I hear that right?
Ed Muller: I'm going to let Bill answer, but I will remind you that given the announcement on July 22nd of our planned merger with NRG, we suspended guidance and so we're being very careful not to slip and slide back into giving guidance.
Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I'm not asking for an updated guidance, but just to (inaudible) results that have come through?
Ed Muller: Ali, you broke up there. Could you repeat that?
Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I was just saying I was not looking for you guys to update your guidance for the full year, but just to acknowledge what has transpired through the nine months and through the three quarters?
Bill Holden: Ali, I think it's the same answer if we're – since we're not updating guidance to kind of reconcile back to prior guidance within the quarter I think sort of does the same thing. And I don't think I have a lot more color to shed there.
Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: But did I hear you guys right that the output for your plants maybe because of the hotter summer has been greater than what you may have thought about? I did hear that somewhere.
Ed Muller: Yeah, that's correct. As Rob said, we had more generation than we would have expected.
Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah. And Ed, as you've said before I mean you've always modeled your budget on a look forward, based on the forward curves haven't tried to necessarily second guess them. But conceptually, given the fact that we're hearing from a lot of utility companies that demand growth is either coming in lower than expected or has we've been fairly muted. On the other hand, you talk about the supply constraints, et cetera and shutdowns. Are you thinking that the forward curves today reflect what should be the right supply-demand mix or is that a disconnect that some people have talked about?
Ed Muller: Well, I'm not clever enough to know whether the forward curves are right or wrong. They are what they are and they reflect of course the broad consensus and so we accept them as they are. I do want to reiterate what we said in August during our earnings call and I mentioned it somewhat lightly in this call. We had units that have not been deactivated, over 700 megawatts coal units that were called on and ran during the times when it was very hot in the East, times when not only they run, but everything else we had, CTs and so on, higher heat rate where everything was running and the system performed as it should. Now that we're taken out because we have deactivated the units, including some units that at PJM request we operated through the summer beyond what we had planned to under our model arrangements, they're gone for the future. So if you assume the weather will repeat itself going forward, there's just going to be less supply by definition. And whether the low growth is what it appears to be to in forecast and whether the curves are right or not, the basics of changing supply and changing supply on units that are lower in the sack in terms of heat rate, is going to have an impact. This is simple arithmetic.
Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. But just to take that one step forward, then what you're implying is that that impact is not yet visible to us?
Ed Muller: How visible and there are many factors that affect curves, the power curves and the gas curves, supply, economic concerns, concerns on the so-called fiscal cliff and so on. But as I look out and as we look out and say, ultimately prices are determined by supply and demand. Now, the demand that you've spoken to but supply we are seeing significant changes in the supply and we are – the units we've just deactivated had a lot of run time and some of the units that we look to deactivate between now and the spring of 2015 will run heavily during that time without going unit by unit having looked this morning. Here we are in November and some of those units are running and running full out. So a day will come when they will not be there.
Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Last question, Ed. I understand that two approvals are still left to be had, but as you sit here today, would you anticipate that GenOn standalone will have a year-end call as well?
Ed Muller: I won't go beyond saying that -- as we've said in July, we expect that we will close this merger and complete it by the first quarter of 2013 and we remain confident that we will close this merger by the first quarter of 2013.
Ali Agha -- Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please state your question.
Andrew Gay -- UBS: Good morning. It's actually Andrew Gay here. Congrats on a successful vote this morning.
Ed Muller: Thank you.
Andrew Gay -- UBS: Just wondering if you can provide an update on the negotiations on the coal contract – I'm sorry, on the rail contract you alluded to last quarter. Did pricing end up sort of as you expected?
Ed Muller: The negotiations are still underway and as a result of that, we won't comment further on that. When they're done, we'll be happy to talk about them.
Andrew Gay -- UBS: Okay. And then could you provide an update on sort of the latest in terms of what you're seeing on the Maryland subsidized generation contracts, whether those – you expect those projects to go forward?
Ed Muller: I don't know. We are, like any participant in the market, watching it carefully and having developed and built and currently been building – constructing a power plant. Every detail has to be worked out generally before projects can be financed and go forward and I don't know particularly where they are, but I don't think I've seen any steel going up in the air.
Andrew Gay -- UBS: Got you. And then last, should we expect any meaningful financial impact from Sandy at your assets themselves due to power market disruptions or loss alone?
Ed Muller: Well, we do have facilities in New Jersey that were affected. A lot of debris and so on and we will have some work to do. We have no material impact and we shouldn't expect any material impact.
Andrew Gay -- UBS: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Ed Muller: Certainly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Cohen with ISI Group. Please state your question.
Jon Cohen -- ISI Group: Good morning, guys.
Ed Muller: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Cohen -- ISI Group: I was actually surprised by how much cash you're carrying at the end of Q3. So if I look at your Q4 '11 balance sheet, you had 1,655 of available cash given the last time you gave guidance negative 300-ish of free cash flow guidance for '12. And if I look at your cash balance of Q3, it's 1,855. So you're actually doing $0.5 billion better than what people should have been expecting earlier in the year, which is obviously $1.50 of pro forma share. Is there anything strange going on there other than the Stone & Webster settlement? And are there any big negative outflows that we should be expecting in Q4?
Bill Holden: Jon, this is Bill. I don't think there's anything unusual going on there. As a reminder, the dollars related to the Stone & Webster settlement had previously been placed on funds on deposits. So there were taken out of cash and cash equivalents when on that time and then when the settlement was finalized, the dollars and funds on deposit were used to pay the settlement amount to Stone & Webster and then the excess dollars came back in the cash and cash equivalents. I think that's the biggest moving part other than just cash from operations for the year-to-date. Gary, is there anything else you can think of there.
Gary Garcia: Yeah. And look at the end of Q4 of '11, but there has been a trend of funds on deposit coming back, just collateral coming back to us in general.
Jon Cohen -- ISI Group: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Howard with Prospector Partners. Please state your question.
Robert Howard -- Prospector Partners: Good morning.
Ed Muller: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Howard -- Prospector Partners: I guess you talked a little bit about Maryland, maybe if you have any comments about progress on upgrading or updating MOPR rules in PJM or things going on in New Jersey and just sort of all that – those issues of subsidized capacity?
Ed Muller: There's been an effort as I think is probably like that PJM working with a number of market participants, including GenOn. It has developed a proposed – some proposed revisions to MOPR which would have the system function I think more fairly and appropriately and eliminate the possibility of subsidies affecting how the market operates, which is for anyone who has studied basic economics how this thing ought to operate. This will require ultimately the approval of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and I think the breadth of the group that worked on this with PJM demonstrates that it has good broad support and I am generally optimistic that these changes should go forward, but they of course are subject to the approval of the commission.
Robert Howard -- Prospector Partners: Okay, great. And just a little bit more – Rob was talking earlier on the coal to gas switching issues and I guess the changes in production from different plants, I guess was any of that surprising at all, I mean as you went through seeing a lot more gas plants running than you would expect, just did the grid act differently or did you have to sort of – were there sort of any surprises that coal to gas switching created that you might not have expected and sort of lessons learnt on how to deal with that environment going forward, if something like that happens again with the gas price drop?
Rob Gaudette: Yeah, so just to – let me rephrase the question to make sure we're getting what we want. When we look back at the coal to gas switching that occurred over the last nine months, was there anything that surprised me? And secondly, did we learn anything from it? Is that close?
Robert Howard -- Prospector Partners: Yeah. Did things act differently than you might have expected or is there – if this situation happens again, we should work these plants in a different way or some kind of lessons learnt that you might be, better prepare you for another type of event like that?
Rob Gaudette: Sure. So the coal to gas switching that occurred over the last nine months is at unprecedented levels, anybody knows that, that's an awful lot. As far as surprising us or things to think about, the way we look at our fleet, we run economics based on fuels and so we kind of see and expect things to happen and for coal to gas switching to occur given the forward marks. If there was any surprise and it really wasn't that big of a surprise, but it was interesting is that we still have very important, very well located coal units in the grid that have got run. So we can talk coal to gas switching as much as we'd like, but some units – this grids were built around these big centralized power stations and some of our units, some of our very big coal units are essential to grid stability. So even in a time where coal to gas switching you'd expect no coal to run, there still is a substantial amount of coal plants that are being run at the request of the ISO and that's for – so they can secure the grid and they can provide the power locationally where they need that. So if there's anything to take away here, it's that big important coal units are going to run – I can't say regardless of price, but they're going to run in even some of the most constrained environments that we've seen. Does that help?
Robert Howard -- Prospector Partners: Sure. Yeah, that's great. And I guess then continuing on that, are those constraints at something that, hey, have some new transmission line put in, it's $50 million fix or is it adding new transmission or making kind of tweaks to the grid, something that would alter that condition easily or was it sort of a complex issue to kind of get rid of these little bottlenecks that your plants are located within?
Rob Gaudette: I am happy to say that I am not an electrical engineer. I really don't – I know that transmission has been useful for long-haul fixes and the transmission companies know the best way to fix some of these markets, but the thing to walk away from is that the distribution grids that have been set up around major cities like D.C. or New York or whatever, has been built around these big stations. And so – we're not talking about small lines, we're talking 500 kV lines, we're talking stuff down two or three different levels. These plants have been built purposely to support that load. And I don't know if the economics makes sense to put in the transmission line to adjust for a gas to coal spread that moves every day. I'm just not that expert.
Robert Howard -- Prospector Partners: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Ed Muller: Certainly.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Raymond Leung with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Raymond Leung -- Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. Congratulations on a good quarter and the shareholder vote. Couple of things. Can you guys talk a little bit about what you saw during the quarter for heat rates, given – and also talk a little bit about are you seeing in the forwards and sort of your thought process around the tightening markets, what do you see embedded in the forwards and maybe is it reflecting reality? And then the other question is can you give us an update on your coal supplies where you stand, give a sense like you ran it more, you had a force majeure situation I believe a quarter of so ago, just give us an update there?
Rob Gaudette: Okay. So on the – let's just take the second question first. As far as coal supply goes, we did go into a force majeure earlier in the year and then we came out of that. We lifted it. We're working with our suppliers as far as working out carryovers and all that. We have coal in the ground. It's not as – we're not full to the gills like we were before, when we had -- for safety reasons to clear force majeure, additional runs, normal runs as opposed to very low runs like we saw in the spring have helped that. Going forward, I think our supply is in good shape and I'm not worried one way or the other as far as too much or too little supply.
Raymond Leung -- Goldman Sachs: Okay. In the context of coal supply average days or anything like that?
Rob Gaudette: It ranges by plants. I don't recall giving out that in the past, but I can give you a range. It runs from call it 10 to 15 days at a smaller plant up to 65 to 70 for a larger plant if that helps.
Raymond Leung -- Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Rob Gaudette: And those literally vary by station.
Raymond Leung -- Goldman Sachs: Right.
Rob Gaudette: Okay. And then as far as heat rates, I'm not going to talk about what my view of the heat rates are going forward, but what I can tell you is that we have seen and I'm sure you've seen drop offs in the heat rates and the forward curves between July and now to the tune of between 0.1 to 0.2 in the front years out to about 0.5 point in the back rather than me speculate what that means and kind of getting in trouble with Ed around giving guidance, I'm just going to say it is what it is.
Raymond Leung -- Goldman Sachs: All right, fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Mr. Barber, there are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the floor back over to you for closing remarks.
Dennis Barber: Thank you, Claudia, and thank you everyone for participating in our call this morning. A replay of this webcast will be available in about two hours. We hope you have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin - Vice President of Investor Relations David W. Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher S. Moser - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President
Analysts: Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2012 NRG Energy Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erin, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Chad Plotkin, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located on our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call, associated presentation material, as well as the replay of the call in the Investor Relations section of our website. This call, including the presentation and Q&A session, will be limited to no more than 45 minutes. [Operator Instructions]. Before we begin, I urge everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided in the presentation, which explains the risks and uncertainties associated with future events and the forward-looking statements made in today's press release and presentation material. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is Wednesday, August 8, 2012, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most direct comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. With that, I'll turn the call over to your host, David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Chad, and let me add my good morning to everyone, and thank you for joining us on this -- our second quarter call. I'm joined, as usual, by Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer, who will be presenting; as well as Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer, who will be presenting. Chris Moser, who runs commercial operations for NRG, is with us and available to answer any questions that you might have. As we go into this call, I think that while that it may be anti-climatic compared to previous earnings calls because as everyone, I think, on the phone is aware, we did speak with everyone just 2.5 weeks ago, where in the context of announcing the pending transaction with GenOn, we gave a sense of where we would be for the second quarter. We are acutely aware that most of you on the phone were kind enough to give us your time at that point, so we don't expect -- we figure what we can give back to you here is we're going to keep this call shorter than normal, no more than 45 minutes. One other small matter that I wanted to mention to everyone before we get into the call, which is a little bit unusual, is that I'm actually not physically with my colleagues in the Princeton office, but in fact, I'm participating in this call from Nevada, where I spent the last few days visiting our Ivanpah project under construction in the desert, about 45 miles south of Las Vegas. And since I've been down there, I am pleased to report to all of the NRG shareholders on the phone that construction is proceeding smoothly at that site. We expect to start testing the first unit in November this year, and we're on track for completion in 2013, and it is a truly impressive undertaking there. And our partners in this transaction, our ownership partners, Google and our technology partner, BrightSource and the construction company, Bechtel, are doing a fabulous job. So let's get into this. I'm going to refer to the slide presentation that's on our website. So on Slide 4, in terms of second quarter highlights, starting financially, I think as most of you know, given the normal seasonality, the second quarter is not generally the most exciting quarter for competitive power companies or IPPs. For us, it's better than most, and this is in part due to the fact that the summer comes earlier in Texas than it does in the Northeast, United States, and also -- and that has a good result on both our wholesale and our retail business, and of course, the advantage we have over most others is the fact that we do have a particularly vibrant retail business in our second quarter results, which are listed on this page and which Kirk is going to greater detail on, shows this $539 million of EBITDA for the quarter, which rolls up to $839 million for the first half of the year. Not listed on this page is a very robust free cash flow performance for the quarter, but Kirk's going to go on that, so I don't want to steal his thunder. We did list the retail contribution, and this is very important, obviously, in a year where I think to date in the summer, as I'm sure people are wondering about even as we get into the third quarter, we've had sort of broadly good weather, summer weather across most of the United States. We have not had the extreme weather in Texas that we had last year, and so the contribution from retail is very important and very positive. As we mentioned 2.5 weeks ago, and we will reaffirm yet again today, we are reaffirming our guidance for the year 2012 and in a good position to reach that. We also -- again, reiterating what we talked about 2.5 weeks ago, we are giving preliminary guidance for 2013 and 2014 and per undertakings that we've made since then. Kirk's going to give a little bit more detail on how we get to those points. Obviously, this guidance in this presentation is given for the company on a standalone basis, which actually serves as a building block for what we actually expect to achieve when we successfully close the deal with GenOn at the end of the year. I think the important thing to me about this preliminary guidance. In -- there was a lot of discussion on this in the last quarterly call is that after several years of -- in a declining low commodity price environment, with hedges wearing off, which has sort of led to declines in our full year, full company performance, is that we intend to and expect to stop that decline in terms of the range of outcomes that we expect. And this is largely, as people will see when Kirk talks about it, because the other parts of our business are coming on to support our original wholesale business. Beyond our financial results is listed on this page very quickly. As everyone knows, we also are moving on several fronts in terms of doing things, which we think are in the great interest of our shareholders. We will be making our first dividend payment, first-ever record date, August 1, payment to be made on August 15. We increased our overall corporate liquidity position through the sale of Schkopau, which was our last remaining non-core asset in Germany. And as I mentioned, with Ivanpah, our other solar projects remain on track. And you may have seen a recent announcement that Agua Caliente is now the largest operating photovoltaic plant in the U.S. and is massively ahead of schedule. Moving to Slide 5, which just, again, a slide which sort of depicts the strategic direction of our company in the wake of what -- of the NRG-GenOn proposed combination. I think this is well known to everyone on the phone that the combination itself is the center of our management focus, but in the context of our investor outreach over the last couple of weeks, we really didn't find any investor that had any serious question about how this fit with the strategic direction of NRG. So I'm not going to dwell upon it. Obviously, as the -- while the strategic logic is clear and compelling, as management, what we're paid by our shareholders to do is to achieve the financial results that can come out of the combination. So we're very focused already in terms of integration planning on this $300 million of combination, synergies that we expect that we can get out of this transaction, and planning is proceeding very well for that, even though it's in the early days. So finally, before I turn it over to Mauricio to talk about the second quarter operating performance on Page 6, we put down the approvals that we need to achieve in order to get the GenOn, again, transaction done. Again, it's early days, but the filings are proceeding on time. We haven't really come across anything or had anyone sort of raise their hand and say they see a big problem with this. And so we're very confident about the direction of this transaction and the timetable and continue to be on target for closing by the first quarter of 2013. I look forward to answering any questions that you have later. And with that, I'll turn over the call over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning. Our integrated platform continue to perform well during the second quarter despite cooler weather across Texas and lower power prices compared to last year. Our operations group successfully brought the last remaining unit of our virtual plant in Texas out of mobile status. On the commercial front, we kept our focus on managing the exposure in Texas this summer given the increased volatility in the market. Retail had another strong quarter, growing both customer counts and margins. Finally, our construction projects out West, both solar and conventional remain on track. Moving onto our operational metrics on Slide 8 and starting with safety. 40 of our 51 facilities finished without a single recordable injury, giving us another quarter of top decile performance across the fleet. We are proud of our strong safety culture and continued commitment to safety excellence. And as such, I am very pleased to inform you that our Big Cajun II plant outside Baton Rogue received PPP star recognition from OSHA. This is the highest level of recognition in the program, and Big Cajun is our 10th plant in the fleet to receive this honor. I want to congratulate all our colleagues at Big Cajun for achieving this important safety milestone. Our total generation was down 7% for the quarter compared to last year. We continue to see lower production from our coal fleet, primarily due to mild weather, low prices and additional maintenance outage days compared to last year. As we have said before, the benefit of performing these maintenance outages with little opportunity cost more than offset the negative impact on our availability metrics. The reduction in coal generation was partially offset by higher production from our Encina plant in California, our Cottonwood combined cycle facility in South Central and the return of STP from its own plant outage. Our GAAP portfolio continues to perform exceptionally well with a 98% starting reliability. Longer roll times this quarter reviewed the number of starts by 30%, leading to less stress on our units. Moving onto Slide 9. NRG's retail business had another strong quarter. Year to date, our combined retail business grew by over 60,000 customers, while also increasing volumes, even with weather less favorable than the second quarter of 2011. Furthermore, the business added new products and expanded into new geographic markets. We now have a retail presence in 12 states with over 300,000 customers buying more than 1 service from our retail business. For the quarter, margins increased slightly, driven primarily by lower supply cost. Our enhanced retail supply strategy mitigated the impact of price spike during the heat wave in late June. The result for the quarter is that we struck a balance between customer count and margin, consistent with our long-term strategy, and this strong performance enabled NRG to remain as the largest retailer in Texas. Turning to Slide 10, I want to share a few observations on 2 of our key value drivers. Let me remind you that our generation portfolio, like any other margin, is significantly leveraged to both heat rates and natural gas prices. While our retail business provides countercyclical earnings, which we continue to realize this year, our retrenchment framework allows us to be exposed to short-term price spikes with our peaking units and more broadly, the structural commodity changes in the medium to long term. In Texas, so far, this summer has been relatively moderate with just a few hot days at the end of June and July, but those were enough to set new peak low records for each month. While most daily prices had been low as a result of moderate temperatures, prices spiked when hot weather showed up, resulting in volatile, weak and month-ahead markets. These spikes have provided us an opportunity to hedge some of our megawatts at attractive prices while managing our operational risk. We continue to believe the market fundamentals in Texas are very bullish. Flow growth is expected to remain robust, return margins continue to tighten and are expected to be single digit as early as 2014, and the market reforms implemented by the PUCT are a good first step towards providing the right economic signal to support new investments. But as you can see on the lower left chart, most structural improvements to the competitive market are required to achieve our ERCOT's reliability target. Turning to natural gas. There are some initial signs that the market has started to work out the extra supply and appears on its way back to a sustainable balance. Rig counts are down more than 50% from the peak, year-on-year gas storage cost also has been cut in half, and we're seeing over 6 straight months of flat production. Gas prices have responded accordingly and have increased more than 50% over the past few months, with forward prices also firming up. Moving on to our hedging disclosure on Slide 11. As you can see, we did not change significantly how we cash position our portfolio. In the short term, we remain well insulated from natural gas prices, and most of our exposure is to heat waves in Texas, where we believe recovery is imminent. In the medium to long term, we remain largely open; and as the market improves, we would benefit from a heat rate and a gas recovery. Turning to coal and more specifically, transportation. We're in advanced negotiations around our Limestone coal contract, which expires at the end of this year. Our coal inventories remain manageable, and we continue to work with coal suppliers and rail companies to add flexibility into our contract. As I mentioned to you in prior calls, we are constantly evaluating the economic viability of all our power plants, particularly those in the Northeast where capacity and energy prices have been significantly depressed and plant economics are challenged. I am pleased to inform you that we have reached agreement with National Grid to allow 2 units of Dunkirk to continue operating until May of 2013, and our plant is very well positioned to fulfill the remaining reliability need identified through 2015. Finally, while in the short term we're pretty well hedged from gas prices, our integrated wholesale retail model and our exposure to the Texas market will provide significant upside in the very near future. With that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thanks, Mauricio. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 13. NRG has reported second quarter 2012 adjusted EBITDA of $539 million, with $320 million from our wholesale business and $219 million from our retail platforms. The first 6 months of 2012 adjusted EBITDA totaled $839 million, with $508 million from Wholesale and $331 million from Retail. Meanwhile, Cash flow from operations for the quarter was a robust $661 million, which helped drive free cash flow before growth of $413 million through the first half of 2012. Our first half performance also led to a $300-million improvement in liquidity since year-end 2011, which I'll review in greater detail. Turning to capital allocation. On July 22, NRG reported its first-ever quarterly dividend of $0.09 per share, which will be paid one week from today on August 15. During the second quarter, we also made open market debt repurchases totaling $72 million, resulting in a commensurate reduction to our corporate debt. Turning now to the guidance overview we've provided on Slide 14. As is reflected in the first column of the slide, we're maintaining our guidance for 2012 EBITDA of $1.825 billion to $2 billion and 2012 free cash flow for growth of $800 million to $1 billion. In addition, we're reaffirming the guidance ranges for 2013 and 2014 EBITDA and free cash flow before growth, which we established as part of our announcement of the GenOn transaction on July 22. Specifically, we are maintaining the guidance for standalone adjusted EBITDA of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion, and that's for both 2013 and 2014. And we expect free cash flow before growth of $650 million to $850 million in 2013 and $500 million to $700 million for 2014. Free cash flow before growth in 2014 is impacted by planned environmental capital expenditures, primarily in our south central region and to modest increases in environmental spend in Texas. As I indicated in my remarks on July 22, guidance ranges for '13 and '14 reflect our expectations for NRG on a standalone basis and exclude the accretive benefits from the pending transaction with GenOn which would be incremental to these numbers. Finally, in order to provide some further clarity regarding our EBITDA guidance for each of these years, we've broken down the expected EBITDA contribution from our solar projects, retail and wholesale, and we expect our committed solar projects to contribute $70 million to $75 million of EBITDA in 2012. That's an increase of about $5 million over the range of expected solar EBITDA I discussed during our first quarter call, and that's reflective of the impact of accelerating the pace of the construction in our Tier 1 solar projects. As these projects continue to reach COD, we expect our EBITDA contributions to increase to a range of $200 million to $210 million in 2013 and $320 million to $330 million in 2014. Our retail businesses having delivered more than $330 million EBITDA through the first half of the year, despite the milder weather especially in Texas, remain on pace to contribute $625 million to $700 million in 2012. And we expect retail to deliver EBITDA of $650 million to $725 million in '13 and EBITDA of $675 million to $750 million in 2014, as we continue to reinforce our position as the leading retail provider in ERCOT, and our expansion into the Northeast delivers some additional growth. Importantly, these retail numbers reflect our expectations for standalone growth and are prior to any additional benefits from significantly expanded Northeast generation platform resulting from the GenOn merger. The Wholesale segment includes the addition of El Segundo, which will achieve COD in August of 2013, with 2014 benefiting from a first full year of operations at the plant. Now turning to Slide 15, on committed growth investments. We now expect the total of $470 million of growth investments for 2012, which represents a $45-million increase over our May 3 guidance of $425 million. And this increase is primarily due to the accelerated spend on our big 3 solar projects, which, as you know, are our Agua Caliente, CVSR and Ivanpah, as well as investments in distributed generation. And for 2013 and 2014, we now expect a total of $379 million of growth investments. And actually, that's a $10-million decrease over our May 3 guidance of $389 million, and that's largely due to impact of accelerating that spend in 2012 that I spoke of a few moments ago. Finally, turning briefly to corporate liquidity on Slide 16. Our total liquidity increased by $336 million during the quarter due to higher revolving credit facility availability partially offset by lower restricted cash balances. The increase in the revolver availability was due largely to the impact of the Agua Caliente selldown, and changes in cash and cash equivalents are primarily due to the net impact of $540 million of adjusted cash from operations, plus proceeds from the Agua selldown. And these items are offset by $448 million of capital investments, $104 million of debt payments, and that includes the $72 million of open market purchases I mentioned a few moments ago. Our liquidity position will be further strengthened during the second half of the year by the proceeds from the sale of Schkopau received in the third quarter. And that $174 million in sales proceeds will also increase our RP basket by a commensurate amount, which when combined with the $250 million in net income for the second quarter, further enhances our ability to support our newly initiated dividend from an RP perspective. With the additions of shares in connection with the GenOn transaction, as I mentioned on July 22, which we expect to close by the first quarter, will further expand RP capacity, eliminating any perceived constraints on capital allocation flexibility on the whole going forward - With that, I'll turn it back to David for some closing remarks.
David W. Crane: Well, thank you, Kirk. Erin, I don't -- I think everything has been said, so Erin, if you're -- we're ready for you to open the lines for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jon Cohen from ISI Group.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just had a couple of questions. First on retail, it looks like you've had some pretty strong sequential quarter-over-quarter growth in customer numbers. Can you give us some indication of how much of that is in Texas versus some of the Northeast markets?
David W. Crane: Mauricio, do you have that information available?
Mauricio Gutierrez: David, I don't have it handy, but we can get back to you, Jon, and give you the breakdown on the growth.
David W. Crane: Jon, I mean, my rough sense is it's about equal. It's not a particularly remarkable outcome, but we will get you the exact numbers.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Mauricio, on the Northeast load, is there any rule of thumb or way to think about how much your supply cost would go down by having generation to back up load?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I think the way we -- we've always portray the, I guess, the synergy value between wholesale and retail and ERCOT, which is what we're trying replicate in the Northeast is, one, the collateral savings that we get by costing generation alone. And then the second is just providing or being more comfortable capturing the low following premium using our retail vehicle as supposed to managing or hedging our portfolio in the wholesale market. So I would say that those are the 2 main drivers, and it is different depending on the market dynamics. But I -- specific numbers, I think it will be very difficult to tell you at this point what is the incremental value. In the past, we have provided some guidance in terms of what are those benefits in Texas, and as we continue to integrate the Northeast platform and expand our retail business in the Northeast, we'll provide you additional clarity on that.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then one question for Kirk. On Page 15, there's about $250 million or $260 million of conventional CapEx in '12 through '14. Is there an EBITDA contribution associated with whatever those investments are in your guidance of $1.8 billion?
Kirkland B. Andrews: In the $1.825 billion to $2 billion in 2012...
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I'm thinking more about the '14.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Okay, yes. Once you get to 2014, the bulk of those repowering projects were just -- the biggest component of that is our El Segundo project out in California, which is online in 2014. So that contributes to a full boat of EBITDA in 2014. I don't think we've provided specific guidance as to what that is. I think it's -- the best way to think about it is just a little less than $100 million on an annualized basis once it reaches run rate in 2014.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. But El Segundo, I think, the remainder of the spend is going to be project financed, right, so this is -- should be other stuff as well? So I mean, I know you're thinking about expanding some plants in Texas. I was just wondering if there was any EBITDA contribution in there?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, I mean, the bulk of El Segundo or the bulk of the repowering project is El Segundo. I mean, there's some minor degree of capital expenditures around eVgo and some of the new businesses, but the lion share of the EBITDA contribution from the repowering investments comes from El Segundo.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I know I asked this question last time, but I just want to go back to it again. So you're showing us $320 million to $330 million of EBITDA contribution from solar by '14. Could you tell me what's the corresponding total debt for NRG for those projects?
David W. Crane: Kirk?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. Once you get out to 2012, the total amount of -- or 2014, I should say. The total amount of debt or the total capital associated with that is about $4.3 billion. Of that number, about $3 billion of that is the total amount of solar debt.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. But what's your share? Is that $3 billion your share of debt, of the solar debt?
Kirkland B. Andrews: No, that would be on a consolidated basis.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Well, okay. So what is the NRG service portion of the solar debt?
Kirkland B. Andrews: If you go through, Ivanpah, for example, Ivanpah is about $1.5 billion in total debt. We obviously own 50.1% of that particular project. So if you were looking for an allocation of our percentage, it's about half of that. Agua Caliente is just under $1 billion worth of debt, and we own 51% of that by virtue of the transaction with MidAmerican. So you deduct basically half of those 2 components from the total.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: So roughly speaking, about to $2.1 billion of that debt would be serviced by NRG?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, I think that's probably a good number, yes.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And secondly, I know you're not trying to give us anymore insight into your retail growth prospects in PJM, but I mean, how should we think about it? I just -- David and Mauricio, I doubt that you're merging with GenOn through cost synergies only. I think that there is -- there are growth prospects embedded in the plan. And could you give us a sense of where we are now for PJM volume wise and how should we think about it volume wise, not margin wise, but volume wise going forward?
David W. Crane: Well, Mauricio, do you want to give that information?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, David. I think, at this point, we're not prepared to give information around the growth prospects in the Northeast. I think that is -- Angie, I mean, that's something that we will provide you in the coming months. What I would say and just to characterize a little bit more the growth that we have seen on our retail business, half has been in Texas. Half has been outside of Texas, particularly in the Northeast. Green Mountain, with some of the premium products, have been very effective in the Northeast markets, particularly around the mass customers, so we are very encouraged by those results. But I think you should expect from us more disclosure around our growth prospects in the Northeast. I will say that on the plans that we have provided and the forecast that we have provided today through '14, the growth assumptions that we have are pretty conservative across the retail businesses.
David W. Crane: But Angie, let me add to what Mauricio is saying because I think if there is any single thing that surprised us in terms of investor and analyst reaction to the proposed combination with GenOn is the extent to which people are interested and even excited about what this greater generation platform in the Northeast will do for us on the retail side, and we are happy with that because we agree with that. But I will tell you, as we have done the evaluation of the combination with GenOn, since the matter first came up a couple of months ago, our first focus was on the cost synergies and the other synergies that were announced 2 weeks ago. And that, the second focus was then on the synergies we could achieve with GenOn just on the generation side of the business. To be frank, no part of the evaluation that the NRG board did or NRG management did said, well, wow, if we own all those other megawatts in the Northeast, we can grow our Northeast retail platform at twice the speed. That's all going to be upside, and we can -- and we will be evaluating that going forward and talk to you more about that. But I would say most of our customers in the Northeast come from Energy Plus, and virtually all of Energy Plus' customers are on month-to-month basis. One of the advantages this allows us to do is they'll make it easier for Energy Plus, through their platform and our other retail platforms, to offer fixed-price contracts. And that's going to be an upside because how many more customers that will attract and the profitability of that we will -- we'll be talking about in the future. But none of that's built in into the basic application of why want to do this transaction.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Mauricio, I just wondered if you can just give a little more update on what you guys are seeing in ERCOT by way of kind of coal and gas switching,, coming back with the gas price rally in both as the second quarter progressed and what you guys are seeing as we roll through July at this point? --
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, I think, Dan, if you look at -- and we try to provide some specific examples on the earnings slides. With the gas rally, you're kind of out of the PRB switching area. You're starting to get -- getting closer to the Eastern coal markets. Particularly in Texas, I would say the combination of that and some heat rate recovery, we have seen the reversal of that coal to gas switching that we experienced in January. So I mean, that's what I would say in terms of coal to gas switching. Our expectation and Dan, keep in mind, I mean, natural gas is one component, but the heat rate then, which from our perspective there is a small relationship between heat rates and natural gas, but to a greater extent, heat rates are a function of the finest in the market. Natural gas has all the different drivers. We think that -- we don't expect that to persist, I guess, in balance of the year. And certainly, on the forward market, when you start getting into '13, '14, '15, with gas prices in the high 3s, low 4 territory, I mean, you're significantly out of the PRB switching area.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess just on ERCOT in general, obviously, the price caps you have made maybe room for some volatility in pricing but probably not enough to attract or sustain attractive and durable investment in new assets. Can just give us an update kind of on conversations you guys are having as far as alternatives are concerned and what kind of progression or what steps we should be looking for as you guys see the conversations going?
David W. Crane: Sure. I mean, I think you're right, Dan. The forward spark spreads do not incentivize new build economics. We believe that there is at least $10 per megawatt hour of off-site on the on-peak hours to start getting into that new build economics. And these are not necessarily based on very aggressive overnight cost to build. I mean, I think the range that we have provided is $800 to $1,000 per kW. In terms of the conversations that we have been having with ERCOT and the PUCT is we want to see a well-functioning, competitive market that provides the reliability that the state requires. And I think the Brattle report was very clear that even with the steps that the PUCT have taken in terms of price caps or floor prices on reserves, there is still a gap to incentivize those new builds. And that missing money has to come from somewhere else, whether it's a capacity market or some other form or type of resource adequacy program. And from our perspective, it's going to be -- there's going to be a lot of conversations around that topic. I think a lot of the constituents are recognized that price caps will not get you to the target reserve margin, that you need something else. And over the next couple of weeks, through the ERCOT workshops, I think we're going to be discussing that with other constituents. But I think the -- everybody recognizes that there's got to be something else done to be able to incentivize those new build economics.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Mauricio, you think about kind of the timeline between the workshops and people trying to build toward a consensus or something else? What do you think is the realistic conversion from some sort of conclusion here to an new implementation and how it could affect the power markets from a tangible monetary perspective?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean, if you take the -- your reserve margin as your barometer on how tightly supply and demand, I mean, you're seeing in 2014, basically, single-digit reserve margins, significantly below the 13.75% target from ERCOT. So I think the timeline, I think, in the next couple of months, we're going to see a pretty good conversation around what other steps need to be taken. But I mean, we would be happy to continue this conversation, Dan, in terms of the clarity and the disability that we see in the ERCOT process.
David W. Crane: Dan, if I could just add that because -- I never want to predict when government entities or quasi government entities do things. So it's best not to make a prediction on that. But in our conversations with the powers that be down there, they obviously -- as Mauricio says, they do have a sense of urgency about this. So hopefully, whatever happens, will happen in a very timely fashion.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill from Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sorry to stick with the last question, but I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on kind of the unwillingness that seems to or the trouble that policymakers are having with moving to a capacity market in Texas.
David W. Crane: Well, Gregg, I don't know if there's any magic to the words capacity markets. In California, they have the sort of the resource adequacy, and I think there's a greater sense among the policymakers in Texas. That's something -- can do a capacity market or something that has the same consequences or impact is necessary. But to be frank, we don't really care what it's called, and we don't think it needs to be exactly the same as what they have in PJM or any of the Northeast markets. As long as it's -- it works and sends the right price signal. So that's the type of dialogue we're having with them. And as Mauricio said, we've been very encouraged that there has been some dialogue with the people, the stakeholders in the market with us and we presume, with others, about how things would work and things like that. So I think the historic reluctance to go down that path as a practical manner is modifying. But I mean, I don't think that what ERCOT will end up doing is something that -- it's one day -- I don't think you need to worry that you're going to wake up one day and say, we just adopted the PJM capacity market model full stop. I don't think that's what will happen.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin from Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can -- in the last few weeks, we've gotten a fair amount of update on San Onofre out in California. Could you just comment on what is the bilateral sort of capacity market or resource adequacy outlook in California look like over the next few months to a year? Say, how has that changed? And then could you give us a bit of color on -- particularly on the Encina resource adequacy contract, which I think expires at the end of the year, when we might hear sort of re-contracting news around that?
David W. Crane: Well, I mean, yes, I don't know if Mauricio will be able to answer your second question. But he'll give the, call it, the old college try or else see you avoid it. But I mean, just for everyone on the phone, I mean, in San Onofre -- the difficulty at San Onofre has had a very significant impact on our Encina plant, the existing plant and from my perspective, the prospects for Encina going forward, since it's located in a very similar position in the grid -- and we've -- and Encina has worked, been online much more this summer. I -- actually, Brian, I'm sorry, what was the first part of your question about San Onofre and its impact on us?
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just wanted to get a sense of have you seen the resource adequacy values or contracting environment for power plant assets in Southern California tick up as a result of the difficulties in San Onofre?
David W. Crane: Well, I mean, we -- our official position, we don't comment on anything that might be pending, but I would say, there -- consistent with my remarks, there has been much greater interest in the power from Encina since San Onofre started with its difficulties. But I think we need to leave it at that -- on that specific questions. But in terms of impact on the market, Mauricio, do you want to talk about that? The resource adequacy market?
Christopher S. Moser: This is Chris Moser. I'll Jump up on that one, David, if that's all right.
David W. Crane: Yes, that's fine, Chris.
Christopher S. Moser: What we've seen so far is a lot of uncertainty on potential return days, and obviously, that really has -- I mean, what it's done is muddy the water quite a bit. I mean, it's obviously a big unit there that's missing, and no one knows when it's coming back. So really that's thrown a big cloud of uncertainty around that. So what we've seen is bid ask on the capacity or on the resource adequacy really kind of widen out. And that's about the update that we have right now. I can't say that it's tracking in one general direction because it's so wide right now because no one knows really what's going to happen out there.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Chris, could I ask what the bid ask numbers actually are?
Christopher S. Moser: I can those for you. I don't have them on the -- we're not going to -- we can go into some details another time, but I think we've got another couple of people we still need to get through. So we can chat about that in another point. Okay, I'll follow up with offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So firstly, not to beat a dead horse here, but on retail again, in the Mid-Atlantic, as you look at the Northeast expansion here, is it more of a C&I push? I think that's what you guys had historically articulated? Or is it more of a mass market push through Green Mountain and Energy Plus, et cetera?
David W. Crane: Well, Julien, first of all, I think that we're obviously going to be active in both. But in the absence of Jason, I would say that I don't think we actually ever have historically said it would be more of a C&I push. I think that we -- it would be -- it's either a little bit more of the retail push, although we have an active C&I capability that's working in the region and doing a good job. I mean, there's been more pressure on C&I margins than there has been on the retail side. So as we have done in Texas, we'll probably to pursue both. But since you said more C&I, I want to push back and say maybe a little bit more mass market.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then perhaps talking about some of the developments in New York, what kind of improvement do you think we could look towards in 2013 in the Northeast segment? I mean, not to provide guidance, but just getting a sense on New York. It just seems like that could be pretty material.
David W. Crane: Yes. The New York capacity markets, Mauricio, you want to talk about that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. And Julien, I -- as you know there is a -- I would say that quite a bit of uncertainty about retirement dates, people pulling in and out plants from mobile status and not, so we actually -- in general, we believe that the Northeast either because of the economics that are significantly challenged for the plants or the -- some of the environmental regulations, we believe that the capacity markets will start moving towards a constructive territory. And in terms of the timing, when that's going to happen, I think there is quite a bit of uncertainty. I mean, we saw how, I would say, digital the price can be in New York just by virtue of having one unit, announce mobile, but they're retiring and then taking a second look. So I would say that the -- I think the fundamentals are there, and it's just a matter of determining when that will happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Stanley from Deutsche Bank.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'll stick to just one question given the time here. Can just provided a little more color on progress and the potential time frame for slowing down more of this solar portfolio or looking at the tax equity market? I would think as some of these projects are coming into service now more rapidly than you guys initially thought. The amount of the makers and ITC tax benefits are going to start to increase pretty rapidly. And as the second part of my question, are there any restrictions at all in place on selldowns of solar assets or accessing the tax equity market under the merger agreement?
David W. Crane: Well, Keith, I think -- let me -- I mean, the second question about -- it seemed like a 3-part question for one question. But at least the second part about the selldowns or the -- Kirk can answer those questions. But what I would say to you is from our perspective, for us, when we sold the part, Agua Caliente to MidAmerican, we demonstrated that we could sort of sell down these assets at value. I think we said at that time and continues to be the case that our testing of that market has indicated that there are many viable players that are interested in positions in these assets. But if you want to sell at maximum value with the broadest possible range of potential buyers, you need to do that as close to -- you need to eliminate the sort of tail construction risk to the fullest extent possible. So we are happy where we are for now. But as you say, with the plants coming online over the next few months, you could see more activity in that area, but -- and on the tax equity side, I mean, I think the short answer is we are looking at that market on a sort of a continuous basis to deal, to optimize the tax benefits. But Kirk, do you want to elaborate on that?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. First of all, Keith, in reverse order of your questions, we have the flexibility in the merger agreement to continue to pursue selldowns especially on the larger projects. And I'll view that as a segue to answer your other question. We're certainly continuing to pursue straight selldowns along the lines of what you saw on Agua Caliente. I think if I had to predict that, that is the type of monetization you'd see more along the lines of our larger solar projects, the big 3. And we are also, in parallel, continuing to work on the tax every front, and that's more likely to be the case with respect to some of the smaller projects, for example, the remaining 6 of our Tier 1 solar portfolio. And we'd expect to provide some additional updates on that as we progress in those efforts. But we have full flexibility to pursue both of those opportunities or avenues during the patency of the merger.
David W. Crane: Well, Erin, I think we've run over our stay. So I just want to thank everyone for participating in this call. I mean, obviously, we will be back with you for our third quarter earnings call around the beginning of November. But given that we do have the GenOn merger pending and I think there'll be events, approvals and all you'll be hearing from us, and we will obviously be involved in the continuous investor outreach that we're always involved in. And any questions anyone has, please feel free to call Chad and Stefan at NRG's IR group. So thank you all very much for participating, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin -  David W. Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Jason Few - President
Analysts: Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 NRG Energy Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tahisha, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Chad Plotkin, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Tahisha, and good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome you to our First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. This morning's call is being broadcast live over the phone and through webcast, which can be located on our website at www.nrgenergy.com. Additionally, you can access the call, presentation and press release through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will also be available on our website. This call, including the presentation and Q&A session, will be limited to 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided on Slide 1 of the presentation. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is Thursday, May 3, 2012, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Chad. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this -- our first quarter 2012 earnings call. This morning, I'm joined, as usual, by Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer; and Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer, and both -- and you will be hearing from both of them, as they give part of this morning's presentation. Also with me in the room are Jason Few, who runs Reliant, the largest of NRG's retail companies; and Chris Moser, who's responsible for commercial operations at the company, and they will be available to answer your questions.  So let's begin. Today, notwithstanding the market challenges that we faced during the first quarter of 2012, I'm pleased to speak with you about the state of our company and its prospects looking forward, and that's because it feels to me like we have reached, during this quarter, an inflection point in the commodity price down-cycles that have gripped the wholesale portion of our business since the great recession 4 years ago.  We have a long way upward to climb just to get to mid-cycle, much less to an up-cycle, but looking forward, this is a very positive development for us. We have had to attack relentlessly against the headwinds of constantly lower commodity prices in order to produce reasonable financial results out of our wholesale business for 4 years. We look forward to have the commodity price winds at least partially at our back, as we seek to improve our financial results from the current $1.8 billion a year EBITDA trough that we are in.  Regarding the first quarter of 2012, notwithstanding that we were significantly down on the spectacular cold-weather driven results we achieved in the first quarter of 2011, we are right on track with our internal projections for the year and as such, today we are reaffirming our full year 2012 guidance. The first quarter was interesting in that it showed the resilience of our integrated wholesale retail business model in a quarter where there was literally no winter weather anywhere in our geographic footprint at any time.  The first quarter also showed what happens in the market when prompt gas falls below $2 per million BTU. The market and NRG experienced very substantial switching from coal to the natural gas. As a result -- but I think the question that all of you as investors have to ask yourself, is in a $2 gas environment, to what effect? When wholesale electricity power price off dirt cheap natural gas results in $20 to $30 per megawatt hour peak prices, as it did in the first quarter this year, then the obvious conclusion is that it doesn't really matter what year your portfolio is made up of coal plants or a natural gas plant. It doesn't really matter that the coal plants are running less and that the capacity factors of the gas plants are shooting it up because in a $2 per million BTU gas world, nobody is making much money running power plants, whether those plants be coal or natural gas-fired.  For us, that's why I'm pleased that with each day and each passing quarter our business becomes more balanced on the 3 pillars of the first, multi-fuel multi-market conventional wholesale generation. Second, multi-brand multi-market retail electricity and third, an increasingly clean energy particularly, PPA-based renewable power. And all of those 3 segments of our business, as depicted on Slide 4, position themselves strongly during the first quarter of 2012 for a near-term growth, not just medium to long-term growth but near-term growth.  So let's start with the wholesale generation, the foundation upon which we're building our customer-facing retail and clean energy businesses. When I alluded at the beginning of my remarks to an inflection point, signaling the bottom of the market with signs of an upswing in the early stages, I was not attempting to call the bottom of the market for near-term gas prices. Like a lot of market analysts, we would not be surprised to see natural gas prices go down even further over the next few months given the extraordinarily high levels of gas currently in storage.  But near-term natural gas prices are not the point. Even though our stock price recently has traded in a high degree of correlation to near-term gas prices, as a result of our hedge program as Mauricio will demonstrate, near-term gas prices are amongst the least relevant of all commodity prices to our financial performance. The good news in the news that is relevant to our near-term financial performance is that the commodity price indicators, that are relevant to our financial performance, have risen and risen substantially and the fundamentals namely, the almost complete absence of a supply-side response in terms of plants under construction, suggest that these prices should continue to rise.  Turning to Slide 5, you will see the Texas heat rate story. You have heard of more of this recently from analysts, as the market is beginning to appreciate that there are 2 sides to the wholesale price equation in Texas, natural gas prices and heat rates. In anticipation of what is shaping up as a very tight summer in Texas, we have been singularly focused, as a company, on preparing for the summer season. And certainly -- and while things can happen, we are as well-positioned as we possibly could be at this point in time.  The South Texas 2 nuclear plant, after a long outage, is fully back online. [indiscernible] which missed all of last summer, as a result of a steam turbine failure, is back and running smoothly. In response to higher heat rates, we have brought back for the summer 3 units totaling 1,100 megawatts from mothball status.  We had increased maintenance capital spend on our gas fleet in an effort to make them more reliable, in the event that they experience the extended runs in the many starts that they were subjected to last summer. And finally from a commercial operations perspective, we are going into the summer conservatively long in our overall wholesale retail position.  Mauricio will go further into the details of the Texas story, so let me move on to cast some light on a couple of other tight supply and demand situations moving in our favor, in California and New York, as shown on Slide 6. In California, as many of you know, the San Onofre nuclear plant is experiencing some difficulty and is in the midst of an extended outage. SONGS, as is it is commonly called, acts both as a big southern anchor to the transmission system of the Los Angeles Basin and as a big northern anchor to the grid of San Diego County. With SONGS out, only one plant is well-positioned in that area and that is our Encina plant in Carlsbad, California. Encina has been experiencing significant runtimes already, and has performed magnificently and we expect that to continue.  Once again, as what's demonstrated during the Southern California wildfires a few years back, the SONGS outage demonstrates the importance of maintaining a substantial amount of reliable generation locally. Similarly, our El Segundo Repowering Project strategically positioned on the grid near LAX, is progressing through construction on time and on budget and as such, will contribute to the company's bottom line in 2013.  Turning east, in New York City, tightness in the market as a result of supply retirements away from NRG has caused zone J capacity prices to double in the past 6 months. Our Astoria and Arthur Kill plants are benefiting from this trend. As the state of New York moves towards a decision about the future of Indian Point nuclear plant, we are fully prepared to assist the state in providing system reliability and affordable energy with our fully permitted in-city Astoria repowering project. And with our underutilized baseload units located in western New York. In short, we see capacity payment upside for NRG in New York and that upside is not linked to the near-term price of natural gas.  Moving on to Slide 7 and the retail assets we are building on top of our wholesale foundation. Reliant, our flagship retailer, continues to perform very well for us in our key ERCOT market. Not only did Reliant deliver another robust quarter in the face of less volumetric business, as a result of the mild weather, our Reliant continued its recent string of net customer additions and its industry-leading customer satisfaction scores. Green Mountain and Energy plus continued to deliver growth against their differentiated platforms of clean energy, in the case of Green Mountain, and loyalty and affinity-linked mass electricity sales, in the case of Energy Plus.  Remember, it is our objective to build a suite of complementary retail brands that are able to compete successfully in the various retail markets that they compete in, on qualities other than just reduced price. And we are pleased with the progress being made in this end of our business. In the third leg of our strategy, the fast-growing clean energy space, as shown in part on Slide 8, NRG Solar continues well on track across a range of initiatives that it has underway. Most notably and most importantly, its utility-scale construction program remains well on track, on budget and well ahead of schedule.  Last week in fact, we celebrated Agua Caliente officially becoming the largest operating solar PV plant in the United States, even though it is still something less than 50% of its eventual size. Agua Caliente, at this point, is several months ahead in its construction schedule. As you know, last quarter we sold 49% of Agua Caliente to MidAmerican at a premium to our invested and committed capital, demonstrating that even if the market does not see the value of the solar assets in our generation portfolio, Saudi strategic investors increasingly do, which leads me to my brief editorial comment for the morning for all of you on the investment side.  I know that the solar space may look blighted with the loss of market capitalization over recent months with First Solar and the recent pulling of the BrightSource IPO. But that's because the public markets are overwhelmingly invested in the solar industry through the solar manufacturer link in the value chain, and that has been a very tough end of the business to be in recently.  NRG, on the other hand, is not a solar manufacturer, but rather is a producer of solar power and is a consumer of solar module for effectively resale to businesses and consumers alike. That is a very different part of the solar value chain and one of prospects for which are extremely bright.  As we turn into the second half of 2012, we intend to provide much greater detail about our plans to address this exciting market opportunity in solar. So finally let me end my opening remarks by making a few comments on capital allocation to reinforce the more conservable discussion we engaged in on this topic on our last quarterly earnings call. We reaffirm our intent to initiate a dividend in the third quarter of this year, which I don't need to point out to you begins 8 short weeks from now, and Kirk will provide some details that should allay concerns raised by some investors about the adequacy of the RP basket.  Let me reiterate in a simple declarative sentence, the point that I made on the call last quarter when we announced the dividend. The RP basket will not act as an effective constraint on our ability to pay the proposed dividend now or in the foreseeable future. Moving on, we have not ruled out a share buyback in 2012/2013, but as we mentioned last quarter, we want to hold off on any such decision until later in this year. In that regard, we will continue to reserve several hundred million dollars of excess cash on our balance sheet for a return to stakeholders, whether they'd be debt or equity, or both.  Next, while it's premature to be too specific, we remain on track to realize during 2012, additional capital from the sale of non-core assets; capital which we believe can be put to better use for the benefit of NRG shareholders. Moving on, we will continue to look to add to the asset portfolio where it can be done at a value to NRG shareholders, as we felt we had done in every one of the limited number of acquisitions NRG has made over the past 8 years. So with that summary, let me turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning. The first quarter proved to be a challenging one, but despite the mild weather across all our regions, gas falling below $2 and much lower generation, I am pleased to report that we continue to be on plan, thanks in large part to the execution of our hedging strategy. I will expand on these later, but as always, let's start first with safety.  We had another quarter of top decile performance across the fleet. We have 47 facilities out of 51 without a recordable injury, and 0 loss time incident this quarter. Our safety culture continues to serve as the foundation for achieving superior operating results. Safety is a constant effort, and even with our strong track record, we cannot afford to become complacent, particularly going into the peak summer months.  Moving onto our generation for this quarter, we were down 26% compared to last year. Most of this decrease was driven primarily by 3 factors. First, the forced outage at STP accounted for 1/3 of the decline. I'm happy to report that unit 2 returned to service on April 24 and is running well.  Second, we experienced higher coal to gas switching in Texas, particularly in January. However, since that time, we have seen improved dispatch on our coal units. And finally, we doubled the number of maintenance outage dates compared to last year. We opportunistically expanded these outages in order to take advantage of the low-price environment and to reduce outage-related overtime pay. The benefit of getting these outages done with little opportunity cost more than offset the negative impact on our availability metric.  On the positive side, production in the West more than doubled compared to last year, led by our Encina plant, which has become critical to the Southern California grid given the SONGS outage. In the South Central region, production gains were driven by our Cottonwood combined cycle plants.  As I indicated on the last call, this quarter we're launching a new FORNRG program. This time, the focus will be on asset optimization of non-economic units, as we deal with our Dunkirk facility; our retail business in recalibrating the cost structure to the low gas price environment. Our target is to deliver $100 million of EBITDA by 2014.  Moving on to Slide 12, our retail business delivered planned EBITDA despite milder weather compared to last year, and it achieved another quarter of customer growth with 31,000 more customers than year-end 2011. We maintained strong retail margins with the disciplined approach to targeted marketing and pricing actions. However, unit margins were slightly lower due to intensified competition in C&I and the benefit in our mass segment from extreme weather events in February of last year.  We continue to innovate, reduce bad debt and provide superior customer service as demonstrated by our growing customer accounts on the smart energy products and other value-added services. The result for the quarter is that we struck a balance between customer account and margin, consistent with our long-term strategy. And this strong performance enabled NRG to remain the largest retailer in Texas.  Normally during these calls we focus almost exclusively on ERCOT and natural gas. But I thought it would be worthwhile to highlight a few other areas where we're seeing some upside not correlated with gas prices. So let me expand on David's comments on Slide 13. First on the left panel, in New York, the capacity market is a barometer for the balance of supply and demand. Without getting into the technical details of the demand curve, the key concept is that when supply and demand are in equilibrium, the cost of new entry will be achieved.  What we're seeing, in both New York City and rest of the state, is that asset retirements are bringing the market back into equilibrium. Since October 2011, summer capacity prices have nearly doubled, with May spot prices clearing over $17 per kw month. Likewise, rest of state capacity has increased 150% over the same period. The market believes this increase is more than a temporary phenomenon, as 2013 prices have moved up as well.  Moving onto California, the SONGS outage and the uncertainty around the timing of its return, coupled with normal in-state hydro levels have driven heat rates higher. In the past, most of our portfolio have been contracted or under tolling agreements, but not this year. Our in-base and merchant fleet of 2,000 megawatts is ready to meet critical summer demand and benefit from potential higher prices. Now moving onto Texas on Slide 14, an area that we have covered extensively is the market changes proposed by ERCOT and the PUCT. In September of 2011, heat rates and spark spreads have continued to increase, but remained below our estimates to support new build economics.  Upon closer look, most of this increase in heat rates has come from on-peak hours during the summer months. As you can see, our baseload portfolio earns most of its margin during off-peak hours, irrespective of gas or low gas prices. And that is exactly where we have seen the uplift in heat rates. So we're confident that our low position will translate into higher margins. Given this price signal and the commitment of the PUCT and ERCOT have shown to make the energy-only market work, we have decided to bring 1,100 megawatts out of mothball status by June 1. We will bring this capacity to service at a fraction of the cost of Brownfield development.  Finally, during this outage season, we have done extensive work to ensure a higher level of reliability of our gas fleet for this summer. Moving on to our hedging disclosure on Slide 15. As heat rate has become a more important and exciting driver of our portfolio, we wanted to increase the level of transparency of our baseload position, by including not only our natural gas, but also our heat rates hedge levels. Just to be clear, these levels are for the entire baseload portfolio and include the coal contracts in our South Central region.  From these, you can infer our position in ERCOT is more open than the levels shown in this chart. Turning to coal, and given the weakness in the commodities market, we have increased our coal hedges in 2013 and 2014, effectively closing the second leg of our dark spread that we initiated back in December.  We continue to work with our coal suppliers to have flexibility into our contract, in case we see a sustained low gas price. We have again included the sensitivity for both our baseload portfolio and our Texas gas fleet, which is shown on an open basis. As we have said in previous calls, with respect to our gas fleet, we continue to have a long bias positions for the balance of the year.  Beyond 2012, and consistent with our view, our gas fleet remains significantly open. We believe these 2 disclosures will provide you with additional tools to value our portfolio. Finally, Slide 16 summarizes the goals for the operations group. We have taken all the necessary steps from a commercial and operational standpoint to ensure we capture the potential opportunity of higher heat rates in our core markets. With that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thanks, Mauricio. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 18, NRG is reporting first quarter 2012 adjusted EBITDA of $300 million, with $188 million from the wholesale business and $112 million from our retail platforms.  The first quarter results which are consistent with our expectations, lead us to maintain our full year EBITDA and free cash flow before growth guidance ranges for 2012. Meanwhile, total liquidity improved by over $300 million, as compared to year-end 2011 liquidity, driven by the partial sale of Agua Caliente, which yielded cash proceeds of $122 million and a release of LCs representing the assumption by our partner, MidAmerican Energy Holdings, of postings related to their share of equity commitments for the project.  As our business continues to evolve in order to better align our financial reporting with our management and strategic focus, NRG has realigned the segments of our business into 4 primary areas: conventional power generation, retail, alternative energy and corporate activities. Highlights by segment include the following: Beginning with conventional power generation, STP unit 2 returned to service on April 24, well ahead of the summer months; we have made significant investments in preparing our Texas gas fleet to respond to increasing market heat rates, including the return of 1,100 megawatts from mothball, as well as improved reliability of our gas fleet; and our Encina facility located in the West region, has already benefited from the ongoing SONGS outage.  Turning to our retail businesses. As we continue to invest in the business, leading to an 87,000 year-over-year increase in customers, excluding the 200,000 customers we added as a result of the Energy Plus acquisition late last year, the increased customer count helped to offset the impact of mild weather experienced during the quarter, which led to more than 1/2 of the retail EBITDA variance versus the first quarter of 2011. Finally, turning to alternative energy, as I mentioned previously, we completed the sale of a 49% stake in our Agua Caliente facility to MidAmerican at a premium, bringing up capital and underscoring the value of our growing solar platform.  In addition, we received DOE approval to accelerate the block completion schedule for Agua, allowing us to bring online 110 megawatts ahead of schedule. With that, I'd like to turn to Slide 19. While first quarter 2012 EBITDA results were consistent with our expectations, those results were nonetheless $155 million lower as compared to the first quarter of 2011. And I felt it important to address both the components which led to this variant, as well as our expectations for the remainder of the year, which support our confidence in reaffirming 2012 guidance. First, the year-over-year variance in first quarter EBITDA resulted from the combination of both higher than expected results in the first quarter of 2011, and lower EBITDA in the first quarter of 2012, driven primarily by milder weather and higher planned and unplanned outages.  Milder weather during the first quarter of 2012 contributed to more than 1/2 of the decline in retail EBITDA. While the remainder was largely a result of increased marketing, as we continue to build our customer base into 2012. Conventional generation made up the remainder of the year-over-year decline due to a number of items, including planned and unplanned outages, maintenance to ready the gas fleet of the summer months, and lower realized prices in Texas and the Northeast.  The right side of Slide 19 begins with 2011 actual EBITDA of $1.82 billion, in order to walk through the anticipated year-over-year changes leading to our reaffirmed guidance range for 2012. The year-over-year decline in the first quarter EBITDA will be largely offset by the absence of the impact of the extraordinary events on August of 2011, supported by our enhanced retail hedging activities, aforementioned investment in gas plant reliability, and a long bias in our peaking generation portfolio heading into the summer months.  Our expectations for the remainder of 2012 included an approximate $100 million of reduction in baseload EBITDA, driven by a reduction in dispatch due to expected coal-to-gas switching, and lower average hedge prices partially offset by lower fuel costs. Next, we expect a $55 million increase in EBITDA from solar as projects come online over the balance of the year. The remainder of 2012 will also benefit from an increase in EBITDA from new businesses, including a full 3 quarters from Energy Plus.  Greater benefits from increases in Texas heat rates that Mauricio discussed earlier lead to an expected favorable impact of between $50 million to $150 million. And finally, the potential uplift of $75 million resulting from cost savings from the launch of our new FORNRG program, as well as improved New York capacity prices and other items, lead to our reconfirmed 2012 guidance range.  Turning to Slide 20, we expect -- we continue rather, to expect wholesale EBITDA of between $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion and retail EBITDA of $625 million to $700 million. Guidance for free cash flow before growth investments remains at $800 million to $1 billion. All of the first quarter saw an increase in cash collateral. This temporary increase does not affect our expectations for 2012 full year free cash flow.  In fact, approximately half of the collateral posted during the first quarter was returned during the month of April, as higher hedge prices rolled off. And while we anticipate an increase in working capital as we proactively manage our coal inventory to capitalize on lower coal prices, this is offset by lower expected interest costs in 2012.  Turning to Slide 21, through my conversations with many of you over the course of my first 6 months within NRG, and being mindful of the significant increases in non-recourse debt resulting from our expanding solar platform, I appreciate the importance of improving our guidance in disclosures regarding this important aspect of NRG's business. This growing business, still in its infancy and differently capitalized versus our traditional portfolio, does not lend itself readily to valuation metrics typically associated with our wholesale and retail businesses.  However, it is currently subsumed within our consolidated guidance and balance sheet debt. This slide illustrates the consolidated view of both NRG's total balance sheet debt, as of March 31, approximately $10 billion, and our reaffirmed 2012 guidance ranges. However, the current solar debt balances, which outpace the current EBITDA contribution and distort the consolidated valuation metrics, are not apparent in this consolidated view. Turning to Slide 22, I have broken out the consolidated debt balance into recourse or corporate debt and non-recourse debt, as well as provided the EBITDA contribution to wholesale from these non-recourse subsidiaries, all of which are included in our 2012 guidance.  Our solar platform represents the bulk of these non-recourse subsidiaries, and although there is approximately $1.6 billion of debt on our balance sheet associated with our solar projects, only a small portion of these projects are currently online and we expect them to contribute $65 million to $70 million in EBITDA for 2012.  As all of these projects reach completion by 2014, the EBITDA contribution will grow to approximately $330 million. Our other non-recourse projects include our El Segundo repowering initiative, which although we have drawn approximately $200 million in construction debt, will only reach COD by August 2013.  I'm hopeful that breaking out both the debt and EBITDA from these construction-heavy projects will permit a clearer means by which to have valued the mature platforms of our company. And while the value of our solar business is demonstrated by high teens and greater equity IRRs, the platform's value is further underscored by our successful monetization at a premium of Agua Caliente in the first quarter. And we will look to further demonstrate value in this way through similar partial monetizations going forward.  As a frame of reference, the equity capital committed to these platforms before taking into account the premium value, is approximately $1.5 billion, which forms a very conservative basis for quantifying its value within NRG. Turning briefly to the committed growth investments on Slide 23, substantially all of the changes since our fourth quarter guidance update, are due to changes in timing and longer-term increases in our eVgo platform, associated with the previously announced plans for a California expansion.  We now expect a total of $425 million of growth investments for 2012, which represents a $41 million increase over our February 28 guidance of $384 million. This increase is attributable to an acceleration of the timing of solar projects, due in large part to Agua Caliente, and which received the DOE approval to accelerate the block completion schedule, permitting us to bring 245 megawatts online during 2012.  Partially offsetting this increase is lower spend on our new business investments primarily due to a change in timing of spend on our existing eVgo platform. For 2013 to 2014, we now expect a total of $389 million of committed growth investments, which represents an $84 million increase over our February 28 guidance. $65 million of the increase is attributable to conventional investments primarily in our eVgo spend in California, as well as a $19 million increase in solar projects due to modified timing of spend.  Total liquidity for the first quarter remains strong at $2.4 billion, as you can see on Slide 24. Total revolver availability of $1.1 billion represents an increase of $468 million from year-end 2011, due largely to the impact of the Agua Caliente sell down I mentioned earlier, as well as the addition of the new repowering-holding facility, which increased LC availability by approximately $80 million.  Turning to an update on 2012 capital allocation on Slide 25. Consistent with our reconfirmed guidance range, we continue to expect 2012 excess deployable cash of $700 million to $900 million and as indicated on our fourth quarter call, we will continue to reserve several hundred million dollars of this excess capital for the repayment of debt or the return of shareholder capital. We continue to monitor the impact of rising Texas heat rates, and hedged positions on our expected to credit metrics and will provide greater metrics -- greater specifics rather, regarding the allocation of this excess capital on our second quarter call.  Importantly, as David mentioned, we continue to prepare for the expected initiation of our first-ever dividend beginning in the third quarter of this year. In anticipation of this, I'd like to provide an update on the status of our restricted payments basket under the more restricted covenant associated with our 2017 bond.  As of the first quarter of 2012, the RP capacity under this indenture stands at $135 million or nearly 6x our anticipated quarterly dividend. Moving forward, the RP basket changes by 50% of net income plus 100% of the issuance of any stock and preferred shares or other cash changes in equity capital.  During the first quarter, our RP capacity was positively impacted by the cash premium on the Agua Caliente sale, which resulted in an increase of additional paid-in capital. Future solar sell downs will positively impact the basket in the same way, while sales of certain non-core assets and also have the large impact based on total proceeds. Additional detail of the calculation of RP under both the 2017 indenture, as well as the EBITDA-based RP basket associated with our remaining indebtedness, can be found in the appendix. By way of reference, the RP capacity under the newer EBITDA-based calculation currently stands at over $2.7 billion.  The sufficient existing capacity under the 2017 indenture, combined with both means at our disposal to increase that capacity, and further supported by the ultimate option to expand that capacity to a refinancing of the 2017s, provides confidence that as David mentioned earlier, RP will not be a constraint on our plans to pay the dividend.  And finally on Slide 26, I'd like to briefly review my priorities for the remainder of 2012. First, capital allocation is a top priority at NRG, and we appreciate this is also a primary importance to our stakeholders. Second, as our integrated portfolio expands, managing the day-to-day liquidity needs of our business is also critical and supports our capital allocation's objectives, now and in the future. And finally, we intend to continue to enhance our excess capital by continuing to monetize the value of our solar business and selectively dispose of non-core assets. And with that, I'll turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk. Let me end as I usually do on the first quarter call with the scorecard, which appears on Slide 28, indicating what we are particularly focused on achieving this year at NRG.  We have touched upon most of these objectives during the presentation today so I will not belabor them. I do want to say to all of the shareholders on the phone, that all of us in the management of NRG and on the NRG Board of Directors are acutely conscious of the fact that an investment in NRG during the past few years has not been a good one for our shareholders from a total shareholder return point of view.  While I'd like to stand before you and guarantee that from this day forward, the stock price will go in only in one direction and that is up, I obviously cannot do that. I can tell you that, with near-term gas prices having the potential for only a little further drop on the downside, the gravitational pull downward on our stock price from natural gas seems to be near or at an end. And with the new shoots of spring that are popping up elsewhere around our conventional wholesale business, with the growing strength of our retail platform, and with large blocks of our industry-leading solar program achieving commercial operation over the next few months, we seem poised for a little upward momentum around the stock price.  I also can tell you that all of us at NRG are doing everything in our power, everyday, to create that momentum and then to build upon it, all for the benefit of NRG shareholders. So thank you very much. Tahisha, we'd be happy to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jon Cohen from ISI Group.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question, what is the risk of a warmer -- sorry, a more mild summer in 2012? It seems like especially given all the investments that you're making, bringing units out of mothball and leaving yourself with a more open -- if we have a mild weather, aren't we leaving a lot on the table given where heat rates have risen to?
David W. Crane: Well, Jon, look I'll ask Mauricio if he wants to quantify, I mean, it's a good point. I mean, this is a business that's based on volume and we do better. We're supposed to do better in extreme weather environments and that's what we're prepared for. So an unusually mild summer in Texas would have a negative effect, but I think the amount is fairly modest. And Mauricio, do you want to -- I mean, it's hard to speculate specifically on how mild you're talking about, but if you want to venture or guess it...
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, what I would say is that the investments that we have made are not only just for one summer, Jon. I mean, we think that there is an opportunity for the next couple of years given the tight supply and demand situation in ERCOT. So I mean, clearly there is some risk of a mild summer. I'll say the position that we're taking to be longer than we have been in the past but again, I think you need to look at what is the perspective in the next 3 to 5 years.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right. And then just one other question on retail, can you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics in that market. You mentioned that the competition on the C&I side was picking up. Is that for block products or for full requirements? And also for the guys that are marketing to the mass-market, that don't have peaking generation to back up their load, how is it that they're hedging the super peak risk in the summer?
David W. Crane: Well, Jon, Jason is obviously going to answer your question, but the second part of your question, I think is particularly interesting, because I can tell you we wouldn't want to be going into this Texas summer without the wholesale to back up the retail. But Jason, you want to answer both parts of John's question more thoroughly than I did?
Jason Few: Sure. When you look at competition on the C&I side, we are seeing a change in the product mix. We're seeing more customers taking block- and index-type products, which tend to, from a competitive standpoint, be more price competitive and at a lower margin. We're also seeing customers from a competitive -- or competitors in the marketplace driving price competition in the C&I space. So we're seeing both those things happen in the market and customers are willing to take more risk on their side of the ledger, as it relates to pricing given the current power prices in the market. On the other part of your question with respect to how retailers are going after the mass market, absent having the ability to be backed up by the fully integrated model like we have with generation, clearly, I mean, you're seeing that their prices from a cost standpoint are going up because of what's happened with heat rate. And I think as they work with their Sleeve Providers, I think you're going to see more cost for the smaller retailers or non-integrated retailers, as those prices increase in the market, and I know at least from a -- from an advocacy standpoint, we're seeing a lot of, at least feedback from the group not wanting to see the price cap elevations that the PUC is talking about, which clearly states that there are some challenges for them in terms of managing that side of their business. And we would expect to see pressure for them in terms of pricing, as well as their ability to have liquidity to support growth during the summer months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to start maybe with the reconciliation of the year-over-year change in earnings from Texas generation. Okay, so I understand that the February 2011 events contributed about $20 million to $25 million to your retail business. Could you give us a sense of how big of an impact did the Texas generation see in the first quarter of '11?
David W. Crane: So, Angie, I mean, just for other people following along, I mean, you're asking Kirk to provide a little bit more detail on Slide 19, right, in terms of, I mean, basically how much did 2011 first quarter outperform what we expected 2011 on a normalized basis, both on the wholesale and the retail side?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: That's correct.
David W. Crane: Kirk, if you want to give that answer?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, I mean, Angie, the wholesale side of that equation is effectively the difference between the $155 million and the variance that we had described being the retail side of that equation. So the wholesale side is about a $100 -- a little more than $100 million and the retail side is about $50 million.
David W. Crane: That's not the answer to it. She wants to know how much did 2011 first quarter outperform what we expected in 2011.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Oh, our expectations. Forgive me. We were up by about $65 million versus our expectations in the first quarter.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: For generation?
David W. Crane: For generation and retail. And you said $20 million, because retail was $25 million, so generation was -- assuming that Angie is right about the $25 million so...
Kirkland B. Andrews: And the remainder of that was $40 million, I think.
David W. Crane: Yes.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I didn't realize you were talking about the first quarter of last year. Yes.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's fine. And secondly, you mentioned coal-to-gas switching impacting the results. I'm actually a little bit surprised because if anything, it would have been a positive impact because you were hedged for baseload. You run your coal plants less, so you would have had a benefit of lower O&M from running the coal plants, and then you were buying power at a lower cost than it would have been -- than the cost at which you would have generated the electricity from your coal plants. So I don't quite understand why there would be a negative impact.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Angie, this is Mauricio. I think that it changes year-over-year, so in the first quarter of 2011 you got significant price spikes that we were able to monetize during that time. I think you're correct. There is an opportunity in this quarter where we bought back our obligations below our generation cost.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay, and lastly you mentioned accelerated maintenance of your -- of the gas plants. Any quantification of the O&M impact in the first quarter? So how much more in O&M did you spend to maintain the gas plants?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, on the O&M side of the equation, the number was about $7 million.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And the -- I promise this is the last question, the solar $330 million by 2014, what level of that will it be associated with for solar?
Kirkland B. Andrews: The tier 1 solar portfolio, once it reaches that levelized $330 million, the associated total debt will be approximately $3.4 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson from Wunderlich Securities.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: David, in your preamble, you talked a bit about M&A, and there's always lots of rumors floating around there. I was wondering if you could address any of those rumors and if you're unwilling to do that, maybe just talk about your willingness to use your stock at current prices to execute upon that desire.
David W. Crane: Well, Jay, M&A is a broad topic. Let me just -- I think everyone just think about M&A the way we think about M&A, which is basically bifurcated. And I've made comments on both in the past, and let's talk about what I would call cash M&A in the past. And Jay, that's a very simple concept. I mean, this -- particularly the power plant side of the business, capital-intensive, commodity-based, cyclical business, it's very easy to demonstrate that the people who have made the most money in the power plant, these are the 20 years for the people who buy assets when they're cheap and they sell them when they're expensive. The points I've made in the past is that we're at a cyclical low point in the commodity price cycle. That's usually with assets are cheap. They problem is that the reason they're cheap is because there's very little money sloshing around to chase those assets. So the point I made on last quarter's call, is it's nice to have a little bit of cash in case you have an opportunity to buy assets at a low price. So that's the cash side. And I stand by the fact that we like to have a little extra liquidity to see if there are opportunities that fill out our portfolio. You also mentioned I guess -- I can't remember what you've mentioned Jay, you just [indiscernible] but corporate transactions are which implies using the company stock as an acquisition currency. And what I would say about that is, Chad tells me I've sort of fanned the flames of speculation in this area in the past, because we get asked these questions by investors all the time. And for some reason the way that investors ask the questions they say, do you think that if you put 2 independent power companies together, that there are significant cost synergies to be achieved? And of course, I answer that question in the affirmative that, that's incontrovertible. That if you put 2 IPPs together, there are big cost synergies to be achieved. And of course those cost synergies become more relevant in the scheme of companies, as their market cap shrinks. So the answer to that question is positive. But what I would say to you, Jay, is that you also have to keep in mind the other side of the question when you're thinking about NRG and large-scale acquisitions, which is we're obviously reluctant to use our stock as an acquisition currency at a time when it trades at a value that we believe is well below the fair value of the stock. And so never say never, but we do have that reluctance. Did that clarify anything Jay, or did that just obscure things further?
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: No, I guess it did clarify. I guess the way I'd punctuate it, is if you're looking down the potential, you're saying you never say never versus buying your stock back, and it's trading right now at 16, 13, what do you do?
David W. Crane: Okay, so -- I'm sorry.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I'm just asking you, you buy back stock at current prices? Or do you use it as a currency?
David W. Crane: Well, that's a hard question to answer. We obviously would like to buy back as much stock as we can at $16 because we think it's undervalued. But at this point, we look at the relative value of everything in terms of how much value it will create for the shareholders. So it's hard to answer that question -- I mean, we know what we think the stock is worth relative to the value we can create for the shareholders by doing share buybacks. I can't compare that to a theoretical use of the stock for an acquisition without sort of knowing what value could be created from a specific acquisition.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Right. No, I appreciate it. That's really helpful. And then Mauricio, just one last follow-up, the $7 million in O&M you talked about in the last question for additional maintenance, I assume that didn't include or only partially included the return from mothball, the 3 assets in Texas? So maybe just talk us through what the cost of returning those to service are?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes -- no, it did include some, but keep in mind that the full cost to return those units were -- I mean, there is a timing issue. It just didn't happen in the first quarter. There were some in the fourth quarter and some in the -- that are spilling over the second quarter. So it does include some, but it's not the total amount that we used to bring those units out of mothball.
David W. Crane: But the total amount of bringing those 3 back is what, $15 per kw, we'd say.
Kirkland B. Andrews: For the full year, the total amount of capital is about $15 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just want to follow up quickly on the last question, just on the cost to bring the Texas units back? So that was $15 million in total cost to bring these units online?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Over the course of the year, yes.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, so that's obviously a very small fraction of new build cost. And what's the approximate heat rate of those units?
Mauricio Gutierrez: That heat rates vary between 10 through 13 heat rates. I mean, this is I guess, by 5 and version 1 through 4. Most of that cost was really around the boiler. We did expensive structural work and tools, we expect the generator. So the goal is really to make these units reliable for the next couple of years given what we expect as higher runs in the summertime.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and then just on the sale of non-core assets, when I think about those assets, would the international assets be natural candidates there, and are they generally transactable assets?
David W. Crane: The first part of that, Stephen, is yes is the answer, astonishingly succinct by my standards of non-brevity. The second part is in terms of the transactability, as you yourself well know that those are highly structured transactions with partners and things like that. What I would tell you is, I can't guarantee that they're transactable now, but they appear to be a lot more transactable now than they were 2 or 3 years ago. And so we're optimistic. How is that?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question here on the lower interest expense in the guidance, just if you could walk through. It's a pretty big delta there, as far as I'm concerned, $45 million?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, Julien, the principal component of that change in expectation is the result of lower LC costs, that are the combination of the new facility that we put in place at repowering holdings, were primarily the release of the LCs that resulted from the sale of Agua Caliente.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right, and a follow-up there on the '17 notes just again, kind of following up on the M&A discussion, how are you thinking about timing on potentially refinancing those that this year versus potentially transacting and how would that play into it?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, looking specifically at the 2017 note refinancing, I would look at that at this point as -- they're primarily driven by the attractiveness or the refinancing cost we see in the market place. So that would be governed by the degree to which we see an opportunity to refinance them at attractive rates. And obviously as you've seen over the course of the last few months, we've seen some significant volatility in the trading of our bonds. At some point, those rates go as high as 9%, sometimes they go down closer to the 8% range. Obviously, lower is better, so as we move closer to an attractive range of refinancing cost, that would be the driving factor that would cause us to make that decision.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill from Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you could come back to the Texas availability in the quarter and I think you mentioned that you brought forward some maintenance plan, maintenance days, and maybe you can touch on sort of the difference between where you would have wanted to be in a normal quarter of availability and how much of that was made up by bringing forward those maintenance days to where you ended up?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right, I think we quantify that, Gregg. I mean, we doubled the number of outage days compared to the first quarter of last year. When I -- the color that I will provide is when our coal units are significantly in the money, every megawatt hour counts, and we try to shorten the length of the outage by paying some overtime. In this case, since the opportunity cost was minimal, we decided to extend the outage to avoid paying those costs, and so that was one of the main drivers. The other one was, be opportunistic about bringing some additional outage work that we needed to do. I think in the subsequent quarters, we will provide additional guidance on what that meant for the remaining of the year in terms of the reduction of planned outages.
David W. Crane: Yes, Gregg, just to add to what Mauricio said, I mean, while it was most pronounced in Texas -- I mean, that was really a philosophy that we took across the generation fleet because really there was so little money to be made on the wholesale side during the first quarter. That the normal paradigm that the plants operate on is that you got to get these outages done in the shortest possible time. It really made it -- it didn't make sense to rush plants back into service so that they could produce megawatts at 0 margins. So some of the statistics don't look as good in that way, but the opportunity cost, as Mauricio is saying of keeping the plants out, just didn't exist. So we made sure that everything got all the work done that needed to get done.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, I'm still struggling with the idea that your long capacity against the retail business in Texas heading into the summer, with Slide 15, maybe you could hit that again for me? It just looks like you're hedged on baseload, so -- and not pulling on price for the load, and so is it just with the gas assets, are getting into a net-long position?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. Well, let me see if I can elaborate. I guess, you're referring to the green bar on the baseload generation chart?
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay, the green -- what that means is that, we are fully hedged against our price load or where we have certainty on our retail business in terms of price. There is a portion that we still have no certainty on price. And we know we have that low, it is -- for the most part, these are the month-to-month customers that we try to hedge as we are approaching the delivery dates. So what we have said in the past is we run flat book on retail. All the price load we hedge it, and the variable component, which is the month-to-month customers we had a programmatic way of hedging that, as we approach to the delivery month. Would that clarify that bar chart?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of things. David, I thought I heard you say in your prepared remarks that the $1.8 billion or so EBITDA this year is a trough. Is that? Did you say that? Is that what you expect?
David W. Crane: Well, it's not a formal multi-year guidance of the company, but certainly that's what I expect, yes.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, because I think there's a lot of expectation that there's further decline as hedges roll off and retail margins maybe shrink over time?
David W. Crane: Yes.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But is that...
David W. Crane: Well, I mean, the marketplace is made up of people with different expectations. So -- and -- but I mean again, I'm looking at this, Steve, as a 3-pillar thing. There's -- I'm not saying that it's -- that this is the bottom. And when you mention hedges rolling off, you're obviously talking about something that is going to impact the wholesale side of the business. I mean, we do have a natural built-in uplift that comes in from the solar, the $300 million plus of EBITDA that was referred to earlier, I think by Angie, and discussed with Kirk. So there are -- I'm looking at the totality of the picture, not just the wholesale side.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, but I just wanted to confirm that, that was the comment you made. It's not just like prices are at a trough, it's the EBITDA that's at trough.
David W. Crane: Yes, I mean, my goal is that not withstanding this downward pressure in prices with hedges rolling off, that between solar, between the heat rate expansion, better capacity prices, the retail expansion both in terms of adding customers in the markets we're in and expanding the markets we're in the Northeast, that I don't want or expect to see the company to do worse than $1.8 billion. Again, and that's not formal guidance. That's just -- that's David Crane speaking.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, secondly, did you just give us an update on like, coal inventories and is there any risk that you end up having to force-burn any coal?
David W. Crane: Force-burn coal. Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I might have rested there. Yes. A couple of things. One, we certainly are above the -- or on the upper end of our range. But what I will say is most of the coal-to-gas switching happened in the month of January. Since that time we have seen an increased number of ramps in our coal generation particularly in Texas, so at this point, we don't expect to be forced to take any coal. And the second thing that I will add is -- and we're working very close with all the coal supply chain participants and it's been a very constructive discussion. Coal suppliers want to ship coal to us. They want to sell coal. Railroads want to ship coal, and I think we're all trying to make sure that coal stays competitive on a cost basis and that they provide us enough flexibility in case we see a sustained low gas price environment throughout the summer. So I think the combination of those 2 things makes us comfortable managing our inventory for the balance of the year.
David W. Crane: Yes, I mean, Steve, Mauricio said it quite articulately, but I just want to make sure that everyone on the phone hears what Mauricio said because in the 8 years that I've been running this company and there's a lot of talking about the coal supply chain and difficulties with it. But I have never seen a situation where the whole coal supply chain was working as constructively with each other as it is now, and I want to commend those upstream from us on the coal supply chain for working with us to make sure that coal is as competitive as it can be in this natural gas price environment. The final thing I want to say, Steve, is it's good to have you back on the calls.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have one more question, though. You spoke too soon. And I'm not sure you can answer this, but you're probably aware there's one party in the dispute with PJM regarding the application of Mopar for a new plant in this auction. Can you comment on whether that's you?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, the only thing that I will say is we have not been notified on anything and, I don't believe -- we can't comment on it. So I mean, that is pretty much all I can say. Everything else will be a speculation.
David W. Crane: So thank you all for taking the time this morning to join us on this call. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Plotkin -  David W. Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Jason Few - President Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher S. Moser - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President
Analysts: Ameet I. Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 NRG Energy, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chantilly, and I will be your facilitator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Chad Plotkin, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Chad Plotkin: Thank you, Chantilly, and good morning. I would like to welcome everyone to our Year-End and Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and through webcast, which can be located on our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call, presentation and press release through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will also be available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and the question-and-answer session will be limited to one hour. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone to review the Safe Harbor statement provided on Slide 1 of the presentation. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is February 28, 2012, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to your host, David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Chad, and good job. And I want to -- before I begin, I want to start by welcoming Chad to his new position as the Head of Investor Relations. And for the many people on the call who were friends and colleagues with our former Head of Investor Relations, Nahla Azmy, I just want to say how much we appreciate the work she did here for the past 8 years and wish her well in her new position at Energy Capital Partners.  So today, in terms of the presentation, I'm joined, as usual, by Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer, who will give part of the presentation. We have another member of the management making, I think, his first appearance in a speaking role, that would be Jason Few, who's the President of Reliant, who's going to say a few words about our retail business. And then we have Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer, who will also be giving part of the presentation. Also available during the question-and-answer period to give answers about what's going on in the marketplace is our Head of Commercial Operations, Chris Moser.  So as we normally do on this -- the year-end call, I'm going to spend just a little time reviewing the past year's performance before turning my attention to the period ahead. So if you're following along in terms of the slide presentation, turning to Slide 3. For us, 2011 was a year in which we stumbled in August and the commodity price cycle moved against us throughout the year. But nonetheless, we finished the year almost exactly or close to the middle of our original guidance range for adjusted EBITDA. In so doing, the business, overall, showed its diversity and resiliency. And particularly, our solid results reflected the advantage that uniquely amongst the publicly traded IPPs. We benefit from a substantial portfolio of retail businesses, the financial performance of which tends to be inversely correlated to the direction of natural gas prices.  In terms of our clean energy business, we're very proud of the success that we achieved in 2011 and moving over 900 megawatts of new solar power generation into construction. I am also pleased to report that all these projects are progressing well in construction, with no significant cost or timetable issues having yet arisen. This may seem like business as usual to you, but to me, it's remarkable to have a construction program of this magnitude, where every project is either on or ahead of budget and timetable. You will hear and see a great deal more about these projects over the next 12 months, as units complete construction and achieve commercial operation.  Finally, in respect to 2011, it was a year in which we made a lot of progress in readjusting our liquidity position to more normalized levels, and we did so not only by investing further in intrinsic growth but also in returning capital to our stakeholders. $581 million of corporate debt was retired in the course of our refinancings and a total of $430 million of shares were repurchased in satisfaction of our commitment made back in 2006 to return at least 3% of our market cap to shareholders through share repurchases on an annual basis. I'd like to think of the supplemental 250 million share repurchase we did in 2011 as having satisfied our 3% commitment for 2012 as well, making it a 7-year unbroken streak.  So let me move onto 2012 starting on Slide 4. On this slide and on the 2 that follow, I want to address 3 of our main themes for success in 2012. These themes will prevail even in a gas price environment, which we expect to remain bearish for the short to medium term. Theme 1, Texas is tight, and something has to give. Demand continues to grow as the economy recovers and the state's population expands. Supply is generally stagnant, with no new wave of construction on the horizon, as the price signals simply are not there for people to build new generation. Of particular interest is the table on the bottom left of the slide. It plots Texas spark spreads in the forward market against projected reserve margins for each of 2012 through 2015. You see that notwithstanding the severely and increasing supply constraints facing the market, spark spreads have a long way to go before they approach new build economics. They also have a long way to go before they reach the spark spreads actually realized in 2011 as a result of last year's extraordinary weather.  Weather, obviously, is unpredictable and equally, obviously, we have had no winter this year. But while the scorching and sustained heat of the summer of 2011 likely was an aberration, it seems equally unlikely that Texas will make it through next summer without at least one heat wave. So while gas prices remain in the doldrums, and heat rates have not expanded sufficiently in the forward market to incent new generation, we are positioning our wholesale fleet and our retail businesses to do well in a market where heat rates seem likely to expand. Specifically, we are staying long in terms of the hedge position of our peaking fleet in Texas, and we have taken further steps to insulate our retail businesses from wholesale price spikes through a variety of mechanisms.  Finally, we are ready with a portfolio of brownfield projects that we believe would allow us to bring more generation into the market faster and more inexpensively than our competitors, should peak period heat rates rise sufficiently to incent the addition of new brownfield capacity. Through a combination of these factors, we hope to turn around the outcome for us of another tight Texas summer and turn what was a substantial negative for us in 2011 into a big positive in 2012.  Theme 2 is retail, and looking at Slide 5. This is the business that investors love to discount, but in this commodity price cycle, I am not sure why. If you assume that the great risk to retail performance is on the wholesale side, subdued gas prices means that as a practical matter, the risk to retail revenue growth is not on the wholesale price side equation, but rather on the volumetric side as occurred to Reliant and Texas last August. But even having taken the heat of the ferociously hot weather last summer, Reliant ended 2011 with a full year adjusted EBITDA of $593 million, while having stabilized and actually grown their full year customer count for the first time in the deregulated era.  Our objective, with respect to our retail platforms, is to strike a balance between customer count and near-term margin realization. And in that regard, I am very pleased with the path that we are on. Our retail businesses collectively generated over $650 million of EBITDA in 2011. And between Reliant's net customer growth and the significantly higher customer account growth achieved by both Green Mountain and Energy Plus in 2011, we are positioning our retail portfolio exactly where we want to be going forward.  Our positioning in retail is most important, because it is a simple but undeniable fact that in this prolonged natural gas down cycle, the pendulum of value creation in our industry is swinging rapidly towards the end-use energy consumer, both in terms of metered customers and in terms of the beyond-the-meter market. And we, obviously, see our over 2.1 million retail customers in the metered market as one of our key comparative advantages, as we survey the opportunities available to us in the beyond-the-meter market. More immediately, there is the EBITDA contribution from retail. Obviously, in our wholesale markets, low gas prices put pressure on dark spreads and cork spreads, reducing the financial contribution from our wholesale business and particularly from our base load plants. The low gas prices are good for business on the retail side, causing us in the bottom -- and this is shown in the bottom right quadrant of Slide 5, to modify the run rate guidance that we have traditionally given for retail in 2 important ways.  First, rather than guiding to a rather illusory mid-cycle run rate, we have shifted the market assumption to what we feel we can achieve on a sustainable basis for the remainder of this extended commodity downcycle. Secondly, we have changed our assumption to include all of retail, not just the results from Reliant. The result is that we believe our retail businesses over the next few years are good for $600 million to $800 million of annual EBITDA.  And finally, on Slide 6, in anticipation of Kirk's comments later in the presentation, let me make some preliminary comments about capital allocation. As you know, we have long anticipated the first quarter of 2012 as a time that we would refinance the 2017 bonds and announce a significantly sized stock repurchase program. The near collapse of the forward gas curve from December through mid-January has caused us to reevaluate our current position in light of our unalterable commitment to prudent balance sheet management.  On the recommendation of NRG management, our Board of Directors has made a series of decisions set forth on this page. First, we will postpone the decision on a share buyback for at least a couple of quarters to see whether the commodity price cycle corrects itself to some sort of normalized level. While we are awaiting that return to normalcy, we will hold several hundred million dollars of cash in excess of the needs of our core business in reserve for our allocation to our equity investors or to our debt holders.  Second, we will look to enhance those financial resources with additional liquidity generated by the sale of non-core assets and by the selective partial sell down of certain portions of our solar projects under construction, in a manner similar to what we achieved in the last few weeks in selling 49% of Agua Caliente to MidAmerican. We would like to amass some cash in the event the opportunity arises to acquire select assets or complementary businesses that may come available as a result of the current commodity price cycle. Third, finally, and perhaps most importantly, after 8 years at this company, I finally have the pleasure of announcing our intention to initiate later this year a common stock dividend. The relative merits of paying a dividend are known to all of you, so I will not repeat them here, but I will tell you that one of the absolutely key factors that enables us to declare a dividend now is our confidence in the long-term reliability of the cash flow stream that will fund the dividend.  While we do not contemplate our dividend to be directly tied to the cash flow generated by our solar projects, the steady and foreseeable cash flow streams from the solar PPAs will underpin our dividend in 2012 and increasingly in the foreseeable future thereafter. Also importantly, this planned dividend announcement means that our commitment to return capital to our shareholders on a regular basis is alive and well.  And with that, I would turn it over to Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. 2011 was a solid year in many respects, as I will discuss in the next few slides. But given the recent drop in gas prices, I want to focus most of my comments on how we are positioning our portfolio going forward.  As you know, for the past few years, we have been engaged in a process to diversify our portfolio into one that can perform under multiple commodity scenarios. We believe our generation portfolio, with its diversity and merit order, and our integrated wholesale retail platform will not only withstand the low commodity price cycle but will thrive, as gas prices return to long-term fundamental levels.  So starting with a quick look back at 2011 on Slide 8. On the environmental front, CSAPR was stayed on December 30 by the DC Court of Appeals, and while much spent much of the latter half of the year preparing to comply with the rule, the operational and financial impact of this stay on NRG is minimal.  With respect to the Air Toxic rule or MATS, the final rule was issued in December with no major changes. This is the more important rule in terms of driving older, uncontrolled units out of the market and one that we can expect to fully comply with under our current environmental plan.  After the installation of back-end controls at Indian River, our remaining capital spend for the next 5 years have decreased from $721 million to $553 million. On the development front, our EPC organization completed the Middletown project this past summer and it is in the process of testing and commissioning the Indian River back-end control projects. El Segundo Energy Center and all of our major solar projects continue to be on schedule.  Turning to our plant performance metrics on Slide 9. We're very proud to have achieved the lowest recordable injury rate in our history, a measure that includes everything, from minor incidents to lost-time injuries, and for the second year in a row achieved top decile level in our industry. I want to recognize our entire plant operations group for leading this effort across the organization. Congratulations on a job well done.  For the quarter, our generation was down 7%, driven primarily by a forced outage at our South Texas nuclear plant and some coal-to-gas switching in the Northeast. For the year, it was higher than 2010 due to the extreme weather in Texas in the winter and summer months.  On December 28, STP Unit 2 tripped offline as a result of an internal electrical fault in the main generator. Repair work is in progress, and we expect to have the units back online in mid-April. The problem was isolated to the power side of the plant, and there was never a nuclear safety issue. And impact on Unit 1, nor was anyone hurt during the incident. The financial impact of the outage was somewhat mitigated by the property damage and business interruption insurance, as well as low power prices.  Our coal baseload portfolio continues to perform exceptionally well, with 90% availability for the fourth year in a row. And our gas fleet, which saw an unprecedented number of starts, improved their starting reliability under very challenging weather conditions in Texas. We have initiated a comprehensive program within plant operations to ensure we achieve the expected level of reliability as we approach the summer months.  Now looking forward with our market outlook on Slide 10, and starting with natural gas. The warm weather, particularly, here in the northeast and record production levels have created a short-term surplus that the market is trying to rebalance through coal-to-gas switching and price-induced production costs. Some of the recent weekly production numbers are starting to show signs that producers are cutting back. But it is too early to tell how long the system will need to rebalance itself.  One positive impact on our portfolio is that domestic coal prices have fallen as much or more than natural gas. As you can see on the upper right chart, since October of 2011, PRB spot prices have dropped more than pump natural gas. The one exception you see has been coal prices, which to some extent are impacted by the ability of producers to export into the global market. These dynamics will ultimately impact eastern coal generators, making their economics more challenging, and perhaps, more susceptible to early retirements.  Now focusing on ERCOT, and just to add some comments to what David already discussed. It is clear that ERCOT needs more generation to keep up with the demand growth in Texas, and that forward prices are not high enough to justify new investments.  In the bottom left chart, we compare forward on-peak spark spreads to the gross margin required to justify investing in a new combined cycle plant. As you can see, there is a shortfall to new build economics. ERCOT and the Public Utility Commission are well aware of this situation and have proposed a series of market reforms, which we have listed at the bottom right-hand corner. These reforms are designed to ensure that the energy-only market provides the appropriate price signals to incentivize needed new generation. We were very encouraged by the changes approved last week and the market's favorable reaction.  Turning to Slide 11 on our hedging disclosure. We have increased significantly the amount of hedges for 2013 and 2014 over the last quarter to 82% and 57%, respectively. It was done through a combination of swaps and options. Our thought was to build a bridge out of the current bearish period to a future time, where we have a more constructive outlook on gas, supported by falling rig counts and production, coal retirements and LNG imports -- exports. We think such a recovery is most likely to happen in the back half of 2014 or early 2015 and have set ourselves up for such an outcome.  We will continue to be opportunistic in layering in additional downside protection. It's important to remember that we treat heat rates and gas separately and on their own merits. In this case, we chose to reduce our exposure to gas, while we continue to maintain our exposure to heat rates in Texas, where we remain bullish. As you can see in the lower left sensitivity chart, we have reduced significantly our baseload portfolio downside for the next 3 years.  Finally, I am pleased to announce that we reached commercial agreement with 2 of the 3 Louisiana co-ops, whose contracts expire in 2015 -- '14. We look forward to working with them to gain the Public Service Commission approval for these extensions.  As I mentioned earlier in my comments, I want to spend some time talking about how we're setting up our portfolio in this low gas environment and some of the levers we have that provide significant protection and even some upside.  Starting with the chart on the upper left corner on Slide 12. We have seen gas prices this winter reach PRB coal parity in some of our markets. Given our hedge position, we're very well protected over the next 3 years. At low gas prices, we can exercise our put option on buying back our hedges at prices below generation costs, thereby increasing our margins. Of course, these opportunities are limited, given the flexibility we have in our coal supply and transportation contracts and certainly not sustainable in the long run. But let me be clear, we have no plans on cycling baseload units overnight to chase small dollars. The decision will only be made if there is the right economic incentive.  Now moving onto our heat rate exposure, we get a lot of questions about the potential upside of our gas leak in Texas. The chart on the upper-right corner is an attempt to help investors understand the value for our gas portfolio under tight market conditions. As heat rates recover in Texas, we will benefit not only through the open heat rate position of our baseload portfolio, but also with our 5,000 megawatts of gas generation.  In 2011, we exceeded our FORNRG 2.0 program goal by $49 million, one year earlier than planned. The combination of reliability and efficiency improvements, along with cost savings across corporate and regional groups were the main drivers. Given the low commodity price environment, we continue to reevaluate all of our assets, and it will be a major focus of the operations group in 2012. Stay tuned, since you will hear more on this in the weeks and months to come.  And finally, our retail business have demonstrated over the past 3 years that it can outperform in a declining gas price environment. We will continue to maximize collateral and transaction cost synergies between wholesale and retail as markets dictate. Given the more volatile pricing environment that we expect in Texas, we have increased the level of protection against weather events and price variability. With that, I will turn it over to Jason, who in this call will provide the retail update and additional comments on our strategy.
Jason Few: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning. Moving to Reliant retail operations performance on Slide 14. In 2011, Reliant had another strong year, achieving EBITDA of $593 million. And we delivered on our customer count commitment by growing customers, providing undeniable evidence of our ability to leverage brand, sales channel strength, along with pricing to effectively balance margin and customer count. Additionally, Reliant produced its best-ever bad debt result, achieving 0.8%. Our solid operational execution was aided by the overall strength of the Texas economy.  For example, Houston, Texas was the last major metro to enter the recession and the first to exit, achieving replacement of 101% of job loss. Additionally, nonresidential electricity usage, a rough proxy for regional industrial production, increased by 2.2% in 2011 for the greater Houston service area, adding further evidence of overall Texas market strength. Building on this strength, Reliant grew volume by 6%, Q4 2011 versus Q4 2010 and by 3% for the full year 2011. Volumetric growth was achieved by growing customer count by 2% Q4 2011 and adding larger mass customers to our portfolio. Reliant also grew from virtually 0 to more than 2 terawatt hours outside of Texas.  Moving to Slide 15. We remain quite positive on the state of our retail business, especially with our prospects within the Texas market, as we are now the largest retailer by customer count and volume. We began with our leading integrated model, which provides us collateral advantages in managing our portfolio and minimizing transaction costs. We expect non-integrated and less-capitalized retailers to face increased tightening, given the circumstances that occurred last February and August. As David and Mauricio discussed, our retail companies by comparison have taken meaningful steps to mitigate tail risk.  What we believe is most compelling is the complement of our 3 retail brands that provide NRG the opportunity to occupy unique shelf space, recognizing the fact that consumers, both businesses and residential alike make buying decisions based on different factors. Harnessing the strength of Reliant, Green Mountain and Energy Plus provides NRG with an unmatched, multibrand, multichannel approach to the market and positions NRG well for cross-selling products like distributed solar, natural gas, home energy solutions and services, environmental offerings and electric vehicle charging infrastructure.  From our perspective, while much of this may be nascent, success is most demonstrated by the fact that we have been able to sustain and expand our portfolio retail margins fourth quarter 2011 versus fourth quarter 2010. Plus we continue to have success in cross-selling services with over 500,000 customers using e-Sense products and 200,000 on home services solutions, which strengthened our customers' retention and expands our share of customer spent beyond system power.  Finally, as we think about the expansion of the retail business, we want to assure you that our approach is governed by the same capital discipline exhibited across all of our businesses. In fact, our retail business is not only capital efficient, but it is also effective at acquiring and maintaining customers across all segments with high returns and very quick payback periods.  With that, I will turn it over to Kirk to discuss our financial results.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thank you, Jason. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 17. NRG is reporting fourth quarter and full year 2011 adjusted EBITDA results of $390 million and $1.82 billion, respectively.  For the 12 months ended December 31, 2011, our wholesale businesses contributed approximately $1.155 billion, while our retail businesses added $665 million. 2011 wholesale results benefited from a 7% year-on-year increase in generation sold or 5.2 terawatt hours due largely to acquired assets, including Cottonwood, South Trent and our solar projects, which collectively contributed 5.3 terawatt hours.  The results were, however, offset by lower energy prices, higher fuel and transport costs and lower capacity revenues compared to 2011 -- or 2010, rather. Meanwhile, retail performed well in 2011 with Reliant contributing $593 million, having added more than 30,000 net customers during the year. However, competitive offerings and higher supply costs impacted results versus 2010. The addition of Green Mountain Energy and the newly acquired Energy Plus has further enhanced our retail portfolio by adding over 470,000 residential customers in Texas and the northeast.  NRG's 2011 capital allocation plan both exceeded our expectations and struck a successful balance among the return of shareholder capital, prudent balance sheet management and value-enhancing investments. We completed the 2011 share repurchase program totaling $430 million or 20 million shares, which includes an additional $250 million above the original stated plan. As a head start on the return of shareholder capital, we intend to continue in 2012 with the dividend.  During the year, we successfully refinanced over $7 billion of debt and credit facilities, significantly simplifying NRG's capital structure and reducing corporate debt by $581 million in the process. NRG also made great strides in advancing our utility solar program in 2011, and we now have over 900 megawatts of projects in construction or operations that are supported by long-term PPAs with high credit quality counterparts.  Since year end, we have also completed the sale of a 49% stake in our Agua Caliente facilities in MidAmerican. And going forward NRG's liquidity will benefit from the sell down as MidAmerican will now fund its proportionate share of future equity contributions and other credit support for Agua Caliente, leading to a commensurate increase in NRG's 2012 capital available for allocation. Finally, we successfully expanded our retail segment through the acquisition of Energy Plus, adding its unique sales channels and expanding northeast business to our growing platform.  Turning to Slide 18. We are maintaining our guidance for 2012 adjusted EBITDA of $1.825 billion to $2 billion and free cash flow before growth investments of $800 million to $1 billion. The combination of our baseload hedges and wholesale cost management are expected to offset the impact of milder weather in early 2012 and a loss of STP Unit 2, which is expected to return to service well before the peak summer months. Meanwhile, on the retail side, we will benefit in 2012 from the first full year effect of Reliant, Green Mountain and Energy Plus growing their businesses individually, as well as from their efforts to collaborate in certain sales channel.  On Slide 19, our committed growth investments are broken down into conventional and solar investments. As I discussed last quarter, we have turned these committed growth investments to reflect projects to which we're either contractually or strategically committed. Our total expected committed growth investments for 2012 now stand at $384 million or $441 million lower than the guidance we provided on November 3.  The decreased spend in 2012 is due in part to the permanent reduction in budgeted capital, resulting from our partner share of the 49% of Agua Caliente required equity capital. The next component of the reduction in committed growth investment is simply the result of a change in the timing of equity contributions for our solar projects, the majority of which was funded in the fourth quarter of 2011. This acceleration of funding includes $130 million of capital previously expected to fund solar projects in 2012, which was accelerated into 2011 in order to fund the purchase of cash-grant-eligible solar panels prior to the expiry of the 1603 program.  Finally, the remainder of the reduction in expected 2012 committed growth investments resulted from a combination of cost savings and improvements in financing at various solar projects, resulting in an absolute reduction in committed solar investments. While we made significant strides in 2011 in deploying capital to invest in NRG's future, we have maintained a solid level of core liquidity to satisfy the company's day-to-day working capital and collateral needs as shown on Slide 20.  NRG ended 2011 with total liquidity of approximately $2.1 billion or an increase of $150 million over the prior quarter end. As I discussed last quarter our liquidity position as of September 30 reflected the full effect of our equity commitments to our tier 1 solar projects.  Changes in our liquidity in the fourth quarter were largely due to increases in LC availability, resulting from a release of solar LC postings, as we funded equity commitments to our solar projects, as well as further reductions in LC postings for ERCOT due to the significant decline in power prices after the summer months. Looking beyond year end, we have seen a further increase in LC availability following our sell down of Agua Caliente.  On Slide 21. As David mentioned earlier, we were very pleased to announce our intention to initiate NRG's first-ever common dividend, as our committed vehicle for return of shareholder capital going forward. Specifically, we intend to initiate this dividend of $0.36 per common share, which will be paid quarterly, beginning in the third quarter of 2012. Based on today's share price, this annualized common dividend represents a yield of approximately 2%, in line with the current yield on the S&P 500.  In anticipation of our investments in solar and wind reaching their run rate equity distributions, we intend to provide shareholders with a tangible current return on these investments through a common dividend, which when combined with capital appreciation from our traditional wholesale and retail platforms, will provide shareholders with a more comprehensive return proposition.  Our common dividend will be further supported by our overall free cash flow after growth investments, which based on our 2012 guidance, we expect to be a significant multiple of our intended annualized dividend. We intend to grow this dividend over time largely based on the growth in our contracted renewable platform, anchored by our industry-leading solar business.  While we intend the dividend to represent our committed vehicle for return of shareholder capital, we will continue to look to opportunistically supplement the dividend through share repurchases, providing a balanced approach for returning capital to shareholders.  Timing and magnitude of any share repurchases will depend on NRG's share price, capital requirements, as well as availability under our restricted payments baskets contained in our bond indentures and credit agreement. While currently, the 2017 notes represent the determining factor as far as RP capacity is concerned, we expect to have ample capacity under that indenture to pay the dividend following the initiation in the third quarter and permitting NRG greater flexibility to address any potential refinancing of the 2017s on a more opportunistic basis, should market conditions continue to improve.  Turning to 2012 capital allocation on Slide 22. As you can see, driven by our reaffirmed cash flow guidance and the impact of the Agua Caliente sale, our anticipated excess deployable cash now stands at $700 million to $900 million, an approximate 20% increase versus our previous expectations. The starting point for 2012 excess deployable cash is $405 million, which represents 2011 year-end cash, net of the $700 million target minimum that we will continue to reserve for NRG's working capital needs.  The reduction in excess cash versus our third quarter expectations largely due to the acceleration of $130 million invested in solar panels that I've previously discussed. This investment provides us a scalable option to leverage a cost-advantage position as solar opportunities continue to arise.  Of the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion of cash available for capital allocation in 2012, approximately $500 million is already committed to a combination of growth investments previously discussed, scheduled debt amortization and a reserve based on our intention to initiate a quarterly dividend starting from the third quarter.  While we now view the recent severe drop in natural gas prices as unsustainable, we believe it prudent to preserve the majority of our remaining excess deployable cash of $700 million to $900 million over the next couple of quarters to ensure NRG's balance sheet strength is maintained. While we remain largely within our long-term balance sheet objectives as of the end of 2011, we will look to remain so, taking into account the potential for a sustained low gas price environment.  Finally, as David mentioned earlier, we intend to continue to augment our capital resources through additional partial sell downs of other solar projects in construction, as well as sales of non-core assets in anticipation of opportunities to acquire assets or complementary businesses, which may become available in this changing market environment.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to David for his closing remarks.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk. Ladies and gentlemen, we've taken a lot of your time already, so I'm going to be brief in summation. Consistent with our past practice for the first call of the year, we have listed on Slide 24 our most important 2012 objectives across our businesses. I'm confident that we'll make meaningful and measurable progress across all 3 segments of our business during what is likely to be an eventful year in our sector.  Coupled with our focus on building and operating a set of core businesses that performs at the top of their peer groups is a focus on deploying the company's capital in a manner that generates a return to our shareholders, while protecting and enhancing our ability to increase the core value of the company for the benefit of the shareholders. We think and I think that the 2012 Capital Allocation Plan that Kirk just outlined strikes that proper balance.  Finally, on Slide 25, we have displayed a diagram that tries to capture in simple terms the type of company NRG is becoming. Our future is not just about owning power plants, assets that no matter what fuel they consume are going to struggle to generate cash flow in wholesale power markets that are weighed down by chronically low gas prices.  Our future is about owning a fleet of power plants that both enable and protect the thriving retail electricity business, which deploys a host of clean energy technologies to provide energy and environmental outcomes for individuals and businesses alike, utilizing a wide range of customized alternative energy products and services. We now have the pieces in place. Now we have to put them together and execute.  And with that, operator, Chantilly, we're happy to take a few questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ameet I. Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: David, I mean, in your remarks you indicated a desire to continue to grow the dividend. Just trying to understand, I guess, philosophically how you guys are kind of approaching that growth. I know Kirk mentioned the contracted generation portfolio will grow as the solar projects come online. But I mean, you're also looking to sell down 50% of the equity in those businesses and then El Segundo will come down -- will come online at some point. But to grow it further, I mean, what else is -- how else are you thinking about that, kind of, I guess what we see is kind of a finite number of projects in the portfolio right now.
David W. Crane: Well, Ameet, your question properly captured why we want to dodge the question that you're asking in the sense that we definitely think that this dividend can grow based off the strength of contracted assets. When you have one of these quarterly calls it looks like the solar business -- because a quarterly call is a snapshot in time, it looks like our quarterly business is static. A certain number of projects are going to throw off a certain number of cash flow. But, of course, that's not the truth, Ameet. It's a very dynamic business, with a lot of more opportunities. We’ve talked about a tier 2 and a tier 3 set of development opportunities in terms of utility scale, solar. We're in the process of fast growing the C&I in the smaller-scale distributed solar. So we believe, off the strength of those contracted portfolio, we can grow the dividend. We're avoiding the question of at what pace we feel we can grow that dividend until we settle out the very question, the very point that you reference. We have a couple of sell-down opportunities underway right now. So I think over the course of the next couple of quarters and probably when we actually get to initiating the dividend in the third quarter, we're going to try and give you a better sense at that point based on what the portfolio looks like at that time, as to the pace at which we feel we can grow the dividend.
Ameet I. Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then there was a comment in your presentation about not having the restricted payment basket necessarily limit you for capital allocation going forward. Besides taking out the 2017 notes, what are the other means to which you guys could kind of work around that issue?
David W. Crane: Ameet, you've been around a long time. We've -- I think over the -- since 2004, we've bought back something like $3.2 billion worth of shares, and at all times, we had the restricted payment basket in place. And so there are a wide range of things that you can do, but I think probably the most noteworthy one is the one that you mentioned is we can just refinance the 2017. So as we looked at it, and looking at the RP basket in the future, we didn't think it was cost effective for the company, for the shareholders to refinance the '17s right now. But that's clearly one option, but there's the full range of other ways of expanding the RP basket that we've talked about over the past 8 years. So I think the bottom line for people who are concerned about the resiliency of the dividend that we announced today -- or the intention to pay a dividend that we announced today is that we don't see the RP basket as an effective constraint about us being able to pay the dividend for the foreseeable and the unforeseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Cohen of ISI Group.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: David and Kirk, you mentioned that you're going to wait a few quarters to see what happens in the gas market before committing to an additional buyback. Do you have a minimum, long-term gas price in mind that would make you feel more comfortable with buying back stock rather than incremental delevering here? When I look at your Slide 22, it looks like you're pretty close to your target debt-to-EBITDA metrics on 2011 results. So how do you think about that?
David W. Crane: Jon, you came across a little bit faint, so I just want to make sure, you're asking is as we look forward and sort of think about allocating additional capital to buybacks or paying down debt, is there a minimum gas price that would cause us to pull the trigger on further buybacks?
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's right.
David W. Crane: Okay. Well, the short answer is I don't think -- I mean, I know for a fact that we haven't discussed a bright line gas price. But the factor that you focused on which was the company's ability to comfortably cover the debt-to-EBITDA metric, looking out in the future, is the key one. Kirk, do you want to add anything to that?
Kirkland B. Andrews: I mean, rather than thinking in terms of minimum gas price, I think we certainly would say we feel comfortable in the current reduced gas price environment, both as a function of the fact that we have the capital flexibility that I discussed previously, as well as the significant increases in hedging that we put in place. We don't generally give forward guidance about our outlook on gas prices, and importantly, heat rates, because certainly our EBITDA-generative power is a function of both. But suffice it to say, as I said, we feel confident in the current lower gas price environment and our ability to comprehensively manage those ratios moving forward. And it will be that management and our ability to do so that will determine the magnitude and the timing of any share repurchases that would go on to accompany that.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one other question. Can you talk a little bit about your net income expectations for 2012? And how the RP basket could grow under the old indenture using your current EBITDA guidance? And specifically, we've been looking at how the GAAP accounting treatment for some of the solar ITCs adds to net income and also to the RP basket as the projects reach COD in 2012 and '13. So how much could that add to the RP basket?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, the non-cash grant component, certainly, the ITCs would be an increase to the net income component from a GAAP perspective. And while we don't normally give guidance from a net income perspective on things, part of our outlook for the foreseeable future, in terms of net income, is what is contributing to our confidence, that as David said for the foreseeable future, we believe that net income, which as you know is the contributing component to the RP covenant under the 2017 bond indenture, it is sufficient to permit us to pay this dividend under that old indenture. And I think, importantly, that sufficiency gives us the time to pursue the flexibility of the options at our disposal, should we choose to expand that RP capacity through various means.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I have a question about your retail business. Clearly, it's been an incredible investment so far. And you keep growing your customer base, but I'm trying to figure out how are you actually doing that? Is that, that you're basically lowering margins to sign up new customers? And also, how should we think about the fact that you -- I mean you clearly must be offering lower pricing in order to sign up customers, especially in Texas. And yet, you have proposed market changes that will definitely make this retail market significantly more risky for you as a retail operator, given proposed increases and price caps. So could you actually tell me how you managed the risk versus the reward in this business?
David W. Crane: Angie, that's a multi-part question. And to answer one of your questions, it's going to take the combined intellectual might of myself and Jason. So I'm going to start to talk about 2 aspects of it. Let me ask Jason to focus specifically on Reliant, because, obviously, Reliant's the lion's share of it. But I would make 2 points, Angie. First of all, one of our approaches in terms of looking at retail is that we specifically don't want to just compete with the set of offerings that can only compete on price. So when we went out and acquired Green Mountain, and obviously, Green Mountain has a very distinct value proposition that involves environmental sustainability equally. So when we went out and bought Energy Plus, Energy Plus with their exclusive arrangements with various frequent-flier programs, loyalty programs, affinity programs, they also have a different approach that's not just based on price competition. So I think those 2 companies themselves have a very distinct proposition that doesn't depend completely on price. As to -- before I hand over to Jason, I also want to comment on your -- the rules, as they're changing in Texas, are definitely favoring the wholesale. And if you look at -- in the scheme of things, that's probably not going to be positive for any retailer, but in the scheme of NRG, where the wholesale business is still bigger than the retail business, it's good for us. And I will tell you that even for NRG's retail businesses operating in Texas, those rules are going to be a particular challenge that people that don't have the benefit of the wholesale supply to support their retail businesses. So in the long run, I would argue to you that for -- even for our retail businesses, which in Texas, obviously, led by Reliant, tougher rules on retail would make for a more rationalized competitive environment, which we think that Reliant can flourish with. And with that preamble, here's the main event, Jason Few to tell you how he adds customer count, while maintaining healthy retail margins.
Jason Few: If you think about our customer base, you have to think about it not only in terms of customer acquisition, but another dimension that drives customer count is your ability to retain the customers that you have. And as I talked about in my prepared remarks, I discussed the penetration that we've driven on our e-Sense products, as well as our home services solutions, which aids to our retention. And in fact, customer base, we actually see a higher level of retention. Beyond that as we look at acquisition, we think it is important that we leverage each of our channels differently. And so there's been comments about pricing and power to choose, that's one small channel, but we operate in about 9 different channels in which we acquire customers. Each of those gives us an opportunity to present a different offer to our customers with a different value proposition. And going back to the fact that customers make buying decisions on -- based on different reasons. We believe that we'll be able continue to maintain margins. We think that our value proposition allows us to deliver margins higher than the market norm, and that's reflected as well in the comments that David made as it relates to Green Mountain and Energy Plus. And if you look at Q4 2010 versus Q4 2011, our overall retail margins even at Reliant were basically flat. So we have a large customer base in which we manage pricing against the total portfolio, and we think with 1.3 million residential customers, as well as our commercial customers, we'll be able to continue to do that.
David W. Crane: Angie, does that work for you?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Yes, yes. I'm just wondering, because you are now showing that your sustainable EBITDA for this business in a low commodity price environment is about $600 million to $800 million. So is this driven by simply growth in your customer accounts? Or is this just a rebound in margins, because it's hard for me to believe that in a low commodity price environment, you can sustain the current level of margins. I think it's just that there's a lag effect, but those margins should actually compress eventually, right?
David W. Crane: Well, I think that what we've seen, I mean, that it's been a declining gas price environment now for 4 or 5 years and it seems that the margins have stabilized. And, of course, the $600 million to $800 million, I mean, I'm just restating the obvious here, Angie. This is more for other people on the call than for you, but clearly, we went from $400 million to $500 million in a mid-cycle to $600 million to $800 million. That's, obviously, boy, a great deal by Green Mountain and Energy Plus, both which are growing at a very, very fast rate. So there are a couple things at play here.
Jason Few: No, that's right, that number's reflective of all 3 retailers. Texas will continue to be a strong market for us, as well as the growth opportunity that we're seeing in the Northeast to aid that number. And we feel very confident that the 3 retail companies will be able to deliver in that range during this downcycle.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: And my last question is given how low PRB prices are, why haven't you added more coal hedges?
Mauricio Gutierrez: This is Mauricio. I think the drop in PRB prices have been contained to the front part of the curve. And as you know, we are pretty well hedged in 2012 and 2013. So as you go beyond that time period, the drop hasn't been that significant. So we're waiting for a better entry point to add on our hedges.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Mauricio, you had laid out on Page 12 of the slide deck the upside to gross margin in Texas if sparks were to increase. Just to confirm, is this true with your existing hedges in place for 2012? Or would your hedge position somewhat reduce this up side, if sparks were to rise?
Mauricio Gutierrez: This is on an open basis. So think of the portfolio as completely unencumbered. What we tried to show here is what would be the incremental gross margin, moving from current spark spreads to what we believe are new build economics. And just the order of magnitude is about $150 million to $200 million, if we were to see spark spreads on the high 20s on peak for Houston.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, understood. So really, the sensitivity laid down on Page 11 that shows heat rate sensitivity, that shows very modest sensitivity for EBITDA to changes in heat rates for 2012, it looks like?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, yes, keep in mind that the sensitivity chart is only for the baseload portfolio. We don't disclose -- or we haven't disclosed in the past the position around our gas portfolio.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And for 2012, would this -- given the hedges that you have for your gas portfolio, would this sort of open sensitivity be materially lower?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I will say that we have kept a significant part of our gas portfolio unencumbered, as David mentioned, and as I said on our last earnings call. And so I'm going to say significantly lower than these. But certainly, it has some hedges but not in great quantity.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And just as a follow-up for Kirk. Kirk, just as you think about the capital structure and credit profile, you laid out some very helpful metrics on Page 22. Given where we are today in terms of as you lookout at the forward curve and projected credit statistics, do you envision the need for material amounts of deleveraging? Or do you think given current market dynamics, as expressed in Forbes that you're generally in line with where you want to be from a credit point of view?
Kirkland B. Andrews: From the standpoint, while we don't normally give guidance in terms of our outlook on what those ratios look like in different environments. I think with the combination, as I'd said, of the hedges that we have in place in the near medium term, coupled with the fact that those have substantially increased, given the current market environment for natural gas and what we see moving forward on the heat rate component of things, while certainly, we feel comfortable with where we are from a balance sheet standpoint, given how that has -- how quickly that has moved around especially over the last month and the last quarter, that's the main reason why over the coming quarter or quarters, we're going to hold a little bit more of that capital back to actively manage that balance sheet moving forward. But in the current market environment, we don't see a substantial need for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Blossman of Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: First question, David, in your prepared comments, you suggested something about building a war chest and maybe incremental non-core asset divestitures. Is there any incremental color that you can talk about as far as what non-core would be in this context?
David W. Crane: The question was what sort of non-core?
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Yes. How do you define non-core today?
David W. Crane: Well, I'm -- it's tough to talk about that too much, Brandon, because it can be demotivating sort of internally. But I think the sort of the most obvious one is that we're clearly a domestically focused company at this point. And we have some very valuable international assets, which we've looked at selling in the past and there are structural issues that make it difficult, different types of structural issues, both with respect to Germany and Australia. But there's more room for optimism now that those structural issues can be overcome. And so I would just leave that as an example. But there are a variety of other things around the portfolio that we could look at as well.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And on the solar sell down side of things. How do you -- what is the thought process as far as selling down versus not selling down? Presumably, there's, as it stands, a pretty nice return built into those projects. So what's the thought process? And what is the alternative, as far as cash deployment in a project versus just stock buyback or…
David W. Crane: Well, Brandon, what I would tell you, we have a thriving solar development portfolio and a top rate development team. We have a finite amount of capital that we can put to work in the solar area. So one of the tried-and-true ways of being very successful in a development business is that if you can bring to financial closure well-structured power deals, there's always been a market for sell down. And if you can sell at a premium, you can sort of lock in the return that you were going to achieve from owning that project, over 20 years, you can lock it in and bring it forward. And that's, obviously, a very appealing approach. And so as we look at the solar now, and I would say this is one area where our investors should really grade our paper over the course of the year is that I think we need to demonstrate both at the utility scale, solar and at the -- in the sort of the C&I space more to distribute solar that we can arrange ways of financing these things that are optimal, in terms of use of the company's capital, because we are not a low-cost provider of capital. The other factor I would say, obviously, is the changes in the gas price environment are changing our own tax position. And so since a lot of investment in solar projects has tax attributes associated with it, we're, obviously, going to look to maximize or optimize the tax attributes of our various solar projects, both the existing ones and the ones that are coming down the path.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just real quick follow-on. Distributed versus utility, still thinking that near-term distributed looks like they have the biggest opportunity set? Or has that changed recently?
David W. Crane: Yes. We think over time, I mean, the way we think that the solar space is going to evolve in terms of going from big to small, absolutely everything that's happening in terms of solar economics is supporting that idea. We still have a good portfolio, as I mentioned, of utility scale, solar projects. But the size solar projects that we started in the second half of 2011, the 200, 300 megawatts sizes, that's not going to be a part of the future. It's going to get smaller, and the cost of delivering distributed solar, we feel is working its way towards, quite quickly $2.50 a watt, which again, it's impossible for anything from a grid parity perspective to compete with gas-fired generation when gas is $2.50 per million BTU. But competing in terms of retail grid parity, which distributed solar, that's the metric for it to compete against, we see solar being able to compete on a basis of retail grid parity in over 20 states within 2 years. So that's why we have to learn to go small with our individual solar project.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jay Dobson of Wunderlich.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Mauricio, I was hoping you could give us a little more granularity on some of the comments you alluded to on the coal-to-gas switching experience you're seeing. Particularly, in Texas, and I know you're a little insulated with PRB coal there. But just what exactly you're seeing? And then also, what you're seeing in sort of the PJM regions specifically for your assets?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, let me start with PJM. The coal-to-gas switching breakeven price, we think that is somewhere in the $5 range, so that happened a long time ago. And in Texas, just recently, this winter, due to the -- a combination of low gas prices and really mild weather, we have seen some parity against PRB coal prices. Clearly, we try to, at least, put some range on the chart on the slide that is subject to the actual prices of coal that you're hedged at and your transportation contract. But I think it's fair to say that when you have an on-peak price below $20, you will see some coal-to-gas switching. But I mean, we clearly have seen a pickup in gas generation, but this pickup has been at very low margins. And we will look at making the right economic decision to shutting down our units. But like I said we're not going to be chasing very small dollars and potentially increasing our cost structure or the wear and tear on our machines. So if we have enough visibility in terms of when we can buy back our hedges at a reasonable price over a long period of time, we will do that and bring our units down. That's as much as I can tell you, Jay. I mean, we haven't commented in the past about specific units and the operational status of them. So I'd rather just keep it at that level.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. No, that's helpful, Mauricio. And then, Jason, I know you all haven't talked very much about sort of customer growth and margin expectations, but could you maybe give us some idea what you're looking at, particularly, given the very solid experience you had in 2011 now that you're sort of including Energy Plus and Green Mountain and that legacy Reliant retail altogether, sort of what you're looking at?
Jason Few: Yes, Jay, we expect to see customer growth across our retail platform in 2012. And we feel very confident from an overall margin performance that we'll be able to maintain, if not expand margins in 2012 as well.
David W. Crane: Do you want to give a -- do you have any sense of -- are you intentionally avoiding the question of how quickly or how much you can grow customer count? You are intentionally avoiding that.
Jason Few: Yes, I am intentionally avoiding that.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I guess the last I'd go with is just sort of where we stand on the last Louisiana co-op. You saw contracted or recontracted, 2 of them. And what sort of indication that gives us for the last -- although, I guess that's out in 2014 as well.
David W. Crane: Well, the third one is -- Chris, you want to mention that?
Christopher S. Moser: Jay, this is Chris. The information we've received is that they're probably going to go with a separate -- with another supplier. I believe they've signed with Cleco. So I don't think that's -- I mean, from our perspective, we're happy with the 2 that we signed. We signed some other loads prior to these. I think we're in very good competitive shape, but they wanted to go a different direction. It'll have to go through the PSC as well, but I mean, we'll see where it all shakes out. But for now there, we don't expect them to sign with us.
David W. Crane: Thank you, all, for participating on the call. We'll look forward to talking with you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Kirkland B. Andrews - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Nahla A. Azmy - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Ameet I. Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst -  Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 NRG Energy Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lacey, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Nahla Azmy, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Nahla A. Azmy: Thank you, Lacey. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2011 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will be available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and the question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. [Operator Instructions]  And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in this press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is November 3, 2011, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information and the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this, our third quarter call. I'm joined here today by Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer; and Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer, both of whom will also be participating in the presentation. Also joining us are Jason Few, who runs Reliant, our principal retail company at NRG; and Chris Moser, who runs the commercial operations of that group. Both Jason and Chris will be available to answer your questions.  I'm going to get right into my presentation. I'm going to be referring to a slide presentation, which you can refer to on our website. And kicking off with Slide 3. I mean, during this call, we want to look back at the results for the quarter that just concluded, but even more so, we want to look ahead at where the company is headed over the months and quarters to come. As we look forward, and I want to tell you this upfront so that you're not surprised, my call is to convince you that the company is extremely well positioned to take advantage of and benefit from the opportunities available to it in this market environment and under current commodity prices. During 2011, we have committed a substantial amount of the company's growth capital and a series of value-enhancing investments in areas where the company has both special confidence and competitive advantage. Importantly, given the commodity price environment that we live in, all of these projects and businesses offer revenue streams that either do not rise and fall in correlation with the short-term fluctuations in natural gas prices, or in the case of retail, actually are negatively correlated with natural gas prices. Three of these growth areas are highlighted on Slide 3. With the 400 megawatt GenConn peaker projects, which came online in this summer, the 660 megawatt Old Bridge CCGT, which secured a long-term capacity offtake agreement in the New Jersey state solicitation earlier this year, and the 550 megawatt El Segundo repowering project that achieved financial closing this quarter. We have almost 1,500 net megawatt of advanced gas-fired project with long-term offtake agreements, which are going to contribute steady streams of earnings and cash flows to the company for decades to come.  With respect to renewables, we had previously signaled to the market over the past several quarters that as a result of the expiration of the Section 1705 federal loan guarantee program at the end of the third quarter and the expected expiration of the 1603 cash grant ITC at the end of the fourth quarter, there would be a surge of renewable projects that would begin construction before the end of this year. I'm quite pleased to report to you that our big 3 solar projects, Ivanpah, Agua Caliente and CVSR, successfully navigated the very challenging DOE loan guarantee application process and are now being constructed at full speed. Led by these 3 projects, we now have a total of 881 net megawatts of utility-scale solar projects in operation under construction or in the final stages of advanced development, all 881 megawatts with long-term offtake agreements with highly creditworthy load serving entities.  And finally, there's the acquisition of Energy Plus Holdings, a young but very fast-growing retail electricity provider concentrated in the Northeast United States. Energy Plus' unique approach to the retail electricity market is based on its exclusive partnership relationships, with a long list of airlines, hotel chains and affinity organizations that enable Energy Plus as part of its home electricity supply offer to offer frequent flyer miles, frequent gas points and other targeted benefits that customer classes with the preexisting relationship or loyalty to the airlines, hotel chains and other groups with whom Energy Plus have partners. These 3 areas, gas-fired, conventional, generation large-scale solar both with offtake agreements and expanded retail, are going to provide significant growth to the company's bottom line over the next couple of years, and they're going to do it in a way that does not depend upon a recovery in natural gas prices. In addition to where we stand in terms of the deployment of our growth capital, I'm also very pleased to report of where the company stands in terms of our buyback program. Since our announcement of an additional buyback on our second quarter call, we have aggressively executed against that plan such that year-to-date, we have deployed $378 million in buyback from the market, 17.5 million shares of NRG stock, which had an average price of about $21 per share is a price far below what we, the company management and Board of Directors, believe to be the intrinsic value of the company. We believe this actual yield break the events for all NRG Energy remaining shareholders as we resume our EBITDA growth in 2012 with the financial benefits be spread more generously across a substantially reduced share count.  And that leads to my final point on this slide, looking ahead to 2012. With 2011 adjusted EBITDA projected to come in between $1.8 billion and $1.85 billion, we are initiating EBITDA guidance for 2012 with an uptick to a range of $1.825 billion to $2 billion and with free cash flow before growth of $800 million to $1 billion. This upswing in our annual guidance is important because we are projecting this increase not as a result of higher-priced gas hedges entered into long ago and not because of a higher gas market price. In both cases, the truth is quite to the contrary. But because the company expects greater contribution from contracted assets, because we will benefit from the first really significant contribution of EBITDA from our new business areas, and most importantly, because of the bullish prospects for the other key component of our wholesale pricing equation, namely Texas heat rates. Our plan for 2012, key elements of which are shown in a little more detail on Slide 4, is focused on making sure that we benefit from both the rising heat rate environment in Texas and any market design changes that will be implemented to incent more production in that state. While it's impossible to predict what type of weather Texas will experience in 2012, we believe the supply-demand equation is very tight and we expect substantial volatility. Forward heat rates still have ways to go before they incent any new power generation, so the burden is on the incumbent fleet to stand and deliver flawlessly. And our Texas operations team is hard at work preparing to do that.  On the retail side, with Reliant leading the charge towards another banner year for retail at NRG, we are seeking more of the same: healthy and sustainable margins, low bad debt write-offs and a customer count that between Reliant, Green Mountain and Energy Plus is growing at a healthy pace. In terms of our conventional Brownfield/Repowering program, the challenges faced by various incumbent coal and nuclear generation assets in our core regions has created greater opportunity for new projects at our existing sites. Beyond GenConn, Old Bridge and El Segundo, the nearly 1,500 net megawatts of projects with offtake agreements that I previously mentioned, we have another 1,500 megawatts of permitted gas-fired CCGTs within load pockets in New York City and California and other CCGT projects earlier in the development pipeline. We will be moving forward on these projects so long as we can secure long-term offtake agreements.  So to give you a sense of how we are setting our management priorities for 2012, please turn to Slide 5. Mauricio will be providing you more detail in these areas, but I want to give you my personal assurance that our management focus in 2012 will be squarely on forceful implementation of what we started in 2010 and 2011. First and foremost, we need to deliver on the full promise of our combined generation and retail potential in Texas in the same way that we have done for 8 of the first 9 months of 2011 in Texas in a way which we regrettably did not do in August.  Secondly, we are focused on making sure that both El Segundo and our big solar projects are constructed on time and under budget. On the solar projects, we have a very high level of confidence in our technology partners, BrightSource, SunPower and First Solar. We have a high degree of confidence in Beckville, [ph] which is involved in 2 of the big 3 projects, and we have a high degree of confidence in our own project management personnel, who are providing oversight to these massive construction projects. So far, our experience in solar construction has been very highly positive. But given the sheer scale of the projects that we now have under construction, we are taking nothing for granted.  Finally, and as we have discussed on previous calls, the date is fast approaching when we can look to refinance our 2017 bonds and be free to allocate our excess capital in a manner that maximizes value to our shareholders. As we prepare to enter this new era of reduced adult supervision from our bondholders, I want to emphasize a few points. First, we continue to believe in a balanced approach to capital deployment. Second, we continue to subscribe in the overriding principle of prudent balance sheet management. And finally, we believe our capital deployment program in 2011 adhere to these fundamental principles, and we fully intend to adhere to these principles in 2012. Having said that, at this share price level, we see enormous value to be had in investing in NRG stock.  Beyond these 3 top near-term priorities, we will continue to push our efforts to position NRG into first mover status in key areas that we believe have the potential to transform the energy business over the next several years. Time constraints preclude me from going into all these areas in too much detail right now, but I do want to expand the discussion and little bit more about our solar strategy. I do this in part because of the significant capital commitment that we had made to our solar program, depicted on Slide 6, during 2011. And I do this in part because it is inevitable that in the highly politicized, post-cylindrical [ph] world that we live in, you have probably already heard or read in the popular media a great deal about solar power that is distorted, misinterpreted or just flat-out wrong. So let me start with some basic facts that underpin our fast-moving and generally successful effort to be a leader in solar power generation in the United States.  Fact #1. Solar generation is a domestic energy resource installed locally by American workers, built on the strength of American technological innovation and tapping into America's abundant solar resource, which for all practical purposes is inexhaustible.  Fact #2. Solar generation, and particularly solar photovoltaic, puts less strain on other scarce commodities than any other form of power generation, particularly when it comes to what I like to call the big 3 of sustainability: freshwater, arable land and clean air.  Fact #3. While solar is an intermittent resource, the sun is more reliable and predictable than the wind. And solar energy's availability is more coincident with the all-important peak summer load than the wind is.  Fact #4. While large-scale solar power development in the United States has been very substantially assisted by a variety of federal government programs, beginning with the Energy Policy Act of 2005 passed by a Republican-controlled Congress and signed by President George Bush, the primary driver for the U.S. solar industry has in fact been renewable energy portfolio standards enacted at the state level by red and blue states alike, led by California with its 33% renewable portfolio standard passed into law and signed by Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, which leads to my fifth and last fact about solar, and this by far the most important to us as a company.  The price of solar panels, in particular, and of solar installations, more generally, is dropping like a stone. And for NRG, as probably the single largest consumer of solar panels in the United States, that is a very good thing. Moreover, we are convinced that the cost of solar installations is going to continue to drop precipitously both in absolute terms and relative to other forms of power generation.  Most forms of power generation, including wind, depend on brute force in the form of thermal energy or kinetic energy to make electricity. Increased size equals increased scale. Certainly, the wind industry has followed this approach. But solar photovoltaic is different. Solar PV is in essence a nanotechnology. As such, we believe some offshoot of Moore's Law applies to solar photovoltaic technology. Call it, if you will, crane solar corollary to Moore's Law, but we believe the delivered cost of energy from solar PV, which has been cut in half in the last 24 months, will be cut in half again in the next 24 months. The ramifications of this price trend will be far reaching. We will be in a situation where within 2 years the price of delivered power from solar installations will be able to undercut the retail price of grid power in roughly 20 states. Many of these high-priced retail states are in our core regions. This low-cost solar power installed in every increasing volumes on a distributed and semi-distributed basis in a way that obviates the need for a lot very long high-voltage transmission lines has the potential to revolutionize the hub-and-spoke power system, which currently makes up the American power industry.  There's a perception of Wall Street investors that the solar industry is completely a creature of government financial largesse and market support. And that perception is largely true, but it's only true if you're looking backwards. As I've stated previously, our big 3 utility scale solar projects could not have occurred without the federal loan guarantee program and the California State renewable portfolio standard. And as all of us have seen over the years, when government rubs up against business, that the blessing of government support for any particular industry is inevitably followed by a curse when the government yanks away that support usually without warning, without reason and at a time when the industry can least afford it.  But if we look forward, we see a solar industry that's going to trend strongly towards distributed and residential installation. And while market penetration for distributed and residential solar can, and should be, enhanced by enlightened government policies, the fact is that distributed and residential solar is a free-market construct. And solar energy at its present and certainly at its future price point will achieve explosive growth and substantial market share as a matter of consumer choice.  NRG is positioning itself competitively through NRG Solar's warehouse group start program with [indiscernible] and the DOE and through its 3 retail electricity providers to lead this transformation and to secure the benefit of it for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Beginning with a few highlights for the third quarter on Slide 9. Our available portfolio performed exceptionally well during the quarter, improving in both availability and reliability metrics as compared to the third quarter of 2010. On the commercial front, we increased our hedges in 2012 given the weak fundamentals we continue to see in the gas market. In October, the EPA released an update to the cash [indiscernible] increasing the allocation of allowances for the state where we operate. These changes provide us with greater flexibility for compliance as we continue to prepare for our 2012 start date. Also in the compliance front, we're in the process of integrating back-end controls at Indian River during the current fall outage and are on track to be fully operational by January 1, 2012. With respect to our growth projects, we began commercial operations for the 21-megawatt Roadrunner solar PV project this summer, ahead of schedule and under budget. The El Segundo combined cycle repowering project began construction and is on track to be in service by the summer of 2013. Last, our EPC organization continues to focus on supporting the solar buildout, which I will cover in more detail later in the presentation.  Starting with safety on Slide 10. Starting with our top decile performance with an OSHA recordable rate of 0.75, with 38 out of 45 sites without a recordable injury this quarter. This quite remarkable given the extreme weather conditions that our operators experience at many of our sites and further demonstrates our safety culture. Net generation increased by 11% during the third quarter compared to 2010. This increase was driven primarily by higher generation in Texas due to the record heat and the additional cost of goods added into our central portfolio. This was partially offset by lower generation in the Northeast affected by lower power prices, higher coal-to-gas switching and milder weather in August.  As I mentioned, our baseload fleet performed exceptionally well during the quarter with an availability factor of 95% and a forced outage rate of just 2%. FPPM Parish [ph] led the fleet with over 98% availability. Our gas fleet saw a significant increase in generation and number of starts. Overall, it performed well with some specific exceptions due to age and heavier cycling imposed in the end of this summer.  Moving onto our retail operations on Slide 11. Despite August's extreme weather and volatile market prices, we're still on track to finish the year comfortably within our region in 2011 EBITDA guidance range. We continue to grow our residential segment with 34,000 additional customers since the end of 2010, demonstrating our ability to leverage our brand's strength while balancing margins in customer accounts. Reliant also delivered another quarterly lower bad debt expense, and our vast segment illustrating the power of scale back office capabilities and the strength of the Texas economy.  On the residential segment, Reliant continued to differentiate itself through innovative solutions and the leader of real consumer value through applications and services based on the Smart Meter infrastructure. As a result, Reliant has increased customer account 3 quarters in a row with our e-Sense enrollment with 400,000 customers. Reliant will leverage this innovation along with its strong customer service platform as it is expanding to the Northeast and Midwest where we are now serving customers in 5 states.  Our C&I segment remains the largest provider to business accounts in Texas, and our expansion to the Northeast is on target where we now serve over 2 terawatt hours. While the pricing dynamics in the sector remains very competitive, we will continue to be selective on transactions that deliver attractive margins, which are reflected in our business results for the quarter. This strong performance has enabled Reliant to be the largest retail provider in Texas while delivering strong customer satisfaction and achieving results that exceed our steady-state natural gas commitment of $400 million to $500 million.  Turning to our cash profile in Slide 12. Our baseload portfolio is now mostly hedged for 2012, consistent with our view that natural gas fundamentals remain weak in the short term. For quite some time, our hedging philosophy has been to hedge output of our baseload portfolio with natural gas as a profit for power and keep the heat rate open given our bullish view particularly in the ERCOT market. We have benefited from the recent run-up in heat rates and believe that based on market fundamentals, there is more outside remaining. As we discussed in our last call, we have made some adjustments to our hedging strategy on the gas portfolio in Texas. We will maintain a portion of the peaking fleet on hedge to ensure we have a long biased position as we head into next year and to mitigate some of the operational risks embedded in our portfolio. As for the other side of our dock spread, we secured most of our 2012 coal requirement ahead of the cash per [ph] rules at attractive levels. We will continue to be opportunistic about adding incremental hedges given our significant open power position beyond 2012.  Moving onto our market update on Slide 13. Texas fundamentals remain stronger during the third quarter. The line grew by healthy 2% and as you will know, ERCOT set new record peak loan of 68.3 gigawatts in August, implying a 4% actual operating reserve well below ERCOT's target level of 13.75%.  On the supply side, the pipeline on generation projects in ERCOT is almost empty while forward heat [indiscernible] recently they still don't incentivize new regeneration and irrespective of gas prices there needs to be significant offset from current levels as indicated in the upper right chart.  Recent proposed changes by ERCOT on the PUCT to support resource adequacy are a step in the right direction for we believe more is required to incentivize new generation. As you can see in the bottom right chart, here the coal prices coverage rates to pre-CSAPR levels after a short lead rally. We continue to believe that the compact wind in the market is not just applied given the current gas price environment and the more stringent environmental rules.  Last in the Northeast we saw increasing coal-to-gas switching given low gas prices and relatively mild weather in August, as you can see in the bottom left chart where we show quarterly changes in generation from last year. We expect these dynamics to continue through 2012 and believe economic performance in the Northeast will continue to be challenged.  Turning to Slide 14. Our EPC organization, who has been successfully managing over $1.4 billion of repowering an environmental retrofit projects, has been transitioning to support our solar efforts over the past 2 years. We are engaged with major contractors, solar suppliers and developers providing construction management and oversight services to our projects. Starting with Agua Caliente, the solar field is over 40% complete and the interconnection is now constructed and moving into the start-up phase. CVSR is off to a good start, and Ivanpah is well underway on Unit 1, where erection of the first solar receiver tower is progressing as planned, and Unit 2 has initiated work on the foundations of major equipment. We will continue to focus on supporting the development efforts of new projects like Borrego, Alpine and Avra Valley.  So in closing, our base business portfolio is well positioned to benefit from higher fundamentals in the market particularly in Texas. All these gave us a glimpse of the potential market prices that we can expect, and as David mentioned, we are all focused in making the necessary adjustments to ensure we deliver the full potential of our integrated wholesale-retail model going forward. With that, combined with our repowering opportunities, solar growth plans and retail expansion, we expect to deliver healthy incremental value in our core regions.  With that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial review.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Thank you Mauricio. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 16. NRG is reporting third quarter and year-to-date adjusted EBITDA results of $458 million and $1.43 billion, respectively. Reliant Energy, which contributed $135 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, reported its first year-over-year improvement in mass customer since our acquisition. Reliant's customer expansion, however, was partially offset by lower unit margins resulting to some degree from competitive offerings but in larger part as a result of increased energy costs.  Meanwhile, NRG's wholesale business and $323 million of adjusted EBITDA during the third quarter. $183 million of this adjusted EBITDA came from our Texas region, which benefited from a 1.2 terawatt hour increase in generation versus the third quarter of 2010. Year-over-year adjusted EBITDA decreased $205 million, however, as increased baseload availability was eclipsed by a combination of lower baseload hedges and the August impact. In the Northeast region, adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $47 million. The approximately $58 million decline versus the third quarter of 2010 was driven by lower hedge prices, decreased coal generation and a substantial decline in capacity revenues. These decreases were offset by lower operating costs and favorable equity earnings from GenConn Middletown, which came online in June of this year.  The West asset had a very strong quarter, contributing $35 million of adjusted EBITDA, which is an increase of $10 million from the prior quarter -- prior year quarter as the region is contributing -- continue to realize increased volumes and favorable capacity prices in California. The South Central region delivered $44 million of adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter of 2011, which is a $5 million increase over the third quarter of 2010. Year-to-date 2011 adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.43 billion, and that was split between $462 million from Reliant and $968 million from wholesale.  Reliant remains on track to exceed $550 million in EBITDA this year, and meanwhile the wholesale business benefited, growing 10% year-on-year increase in generation sold for 5.8 terawatt hours due in part to the acquired assets, including Cottonwood, South Trent and solar projects, which contributed 3.7 terawatt hours. Results were offset by lower energy prices, higher fuel and transport costs and lower capacity revenues.  As we turn to capital allocation in 2011, during our second quarter conference call, as an advance on the 2012 capital allocation, we announced the $250 million increase to the 2011 share repurchase program, bringing the total planned 2011 repurchases to $430 million. To date, we have completed share repurchases of $378 million or $17.5 million shares and we anticipate completing the balance of $52 million of authorized share repurchases during the fourth quarter. During the year, we also reduced corporate debt by $577 million, better aligning our prudent balance sheet management objectives with 2011 financial performance.  Now turning to the 2011 guidance on Slide 17. As David mentioned earlier, we are raising the lower end of our adjusted EBITDA guidance range by $25 million to $1.8 billion, with the upper end of the range remaining at $1.85 billion. This improvement is largely a result of a strong September and healthy expectations for our retail businesses.  And turning to free cash flow, we have revised our guidance for free cash flow before growth to a range of $800 million to $850 million. The decline in free cash flow guidance is due to an increase in cash collateral postings.  Turning to 2011 growth investments on Slide 18. We now expect a total of $806 million in growth investments for 2011, which represents a $238 million increase over our August 4, 2011 guidance of $568 million.  This increase was attributable almost exclusively to an acceleration of the timing of previously identified projects, in particular our solar projects. The $80 million increase in our expected conventional investments was driven by an acceleration of our investment in our El Segundo repowering project by $63 million, and that was in order to remain on schedule with construction despite a delay on the closing of the $540 million facility that I mentioned earlier. This will now result in the project being completed in 2013 without additional contributions from NRG. The $158 million increasing in our solar investments is also the result of an acceleration of spend at our Agua Caliente and CVSR projects.  We've made significant strides over the last quarter in deploying capital to invest in NRG's future while maintaining a solid liquidity position as our total current liquidity is $1.9 billion, which you will see on Slide 19. As we anticipated the net reduction in our revolver availability is primarily due to the required posting of letters of credit to support our equity commitments to our 3 largest solar projects. As we make these equity investments over time, which I'll review with you shortly, these healthy postings will then be released to us dollar-for-dollar. In essence, as we have now closed on the bulk of our Tier 1 solar portfolio, our liquidity position now reflects the full effect of our equity commitments in these important projects.  Turning to projected year in cash and cash equivalents, which will form the basis of our 2012 capital allocation program. Our projected year-end cash position is approximately $1.3 billion. Our projected year-end balance of $1.3 billion compares to approximately $1.9 billion, which was projected on our second quarter earnings call. The $600 million reduction in that expected cash is largely due to the $250 million acceleration of conventional on solar investments that I discussed on the prior slide, as well as the acquisition of Energy Plus for $193 million, which was closed on September 30 of this year. As we focus on capital allocation, the currently projected cash balance at the end of 2011 after deducting $700 million minimum cash we target for working capital will then form a key component of our 2012 Capital Allocation Plan.  Turning to Slide 20. As David mentioned earlier, we're initiating 2012 guidance with a range representing an increase over our 2011 outlook, with consolidated 2012 adjusted EBITDA guidance of $1.82 billion to $2 billion. We expect an upswing in our wholesale business to $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, thanks to the contribution from new assets, some of which include Agua Caliente, CVSR, Alpine, Roadrunner, as well as the anticipated expansion in heat rates in the ERCOT market. Also contributing to the uplift is an improvement in overall hedge prices across the portfolio, which is partially offset by lower natural gas prices and a continuation of lower capacity prices in the Northeast. Our retail outlook, which for 2012 now reflects our 3 distinct platforms, Reliant, Green Mountain Energy and the newly acquired Energy Plus, is for EBITDA in the range of $625 million the $700 million as we look to drive EBITDA growth by leveraging our 3 distinct retail companies. Our 2012 free cash flow before growth, which reflects components of operating cash flow not included in EBITDA, as well as the impact of our expected 2012 maintenance and environmental capital expenditures, remain strong with a range of between $800 million to $1 billion. These details are included in the appendix as part of our Reg G disclosure.  Our free cash flow yield continues to demonstrate the attractiveness of our share price, which we will take advantage of us we repurchase another $52 million of shares in the fourth quarter.  I've chosen to devote a separate slide for our 2012 growth investments in order to provide a bit more detail regarding this important component of our capital allocation strategy. On Slide 21, our committed growth investments are broken down into conventional and solar, as I discussed earlier. Importantly, we have termed these committed growth investments to reflect the projects to which we are either contractually committed, which represents the bulk of the items on Slide 21, or strategically committed for 2012. In addition, for those of investments to which we have commitments beyond 2012, I've also provided details regarding our expected investments in these future periods as we move closer to having all of these important projects online and contributing their full EBITDA potential.  Our total 2012 expected growth investments are $825 million, which consist primarily of the big 3 solar projects. Beyond 2012, we have approximately $380 million of committed investments largely devoted to our Tier 1 solar portfolio. Agua Caliente now represents a significant portion of that amount and that does not reflect the benefit of a cash grant as this project currently requires DOE consent to apply for that grant. These growth investments should be offset by proceeds from our ongoing efforts to monetize a portion of these projects as we are now able to more fully focus attention and shift resources towards this initiative now that the important but time-consuming DOE process is behind us.  Turning to capital allocation on Slide 22, our 2017 bond refinancing, which we expect to complete by the first quarter of 2012, represents the final step in creating significantly greater flexibility to allocate capital in an optimal manner. Our expected excess cash at year end is $600 million, which is net of targeted cash for working capital, combined with our 2012 free cash flow guidance of $800 million to $1 billion, implies $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion of expected cash available for committed growth in capital allocation in 2012. We expect to allocate $825 million of this cash towards committed growth investments in 2012 as you will recall from the prior slide. And this amount is largely comprised of continued equity funding for our big 3 solar projects. The $575 million to $775 million, which remains is the amount of cash we expect to have available data to allocate among share repurchases, debt pay downs and future growth initiatives, including the potential opportunity to accelerate perhaps a small portion of our currently committed growth investments from 2013 into 2012 if we are able to achieve higher returns and earlier commercial operation results. We expect to provide greater detail regarding the 2012 capital allocation program on our February earnings call.  And with that, I'll turn it back to David for his closing remarks.
David Crane: Thank you, Kirk. And, Lacey, I think we've taken up a good part of the hour already, so we'll open the floor to questions right away.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm just wondering is your appetite now, it sounds like it's shifting more towards the distributed investments and maybe away from the large-scale solar? Or would you say you'll kind of continue to go after both?
David Crane: Well, I think, Ted, first, I'd tell you the easier part for us to do is the big projects. I mean, we're geared up to do that. That's the type of company we are, so we're not walking away from that part of the industry. But what I would say to you is I think for a large, very large utility-sized solar, I'm sure they will come a day when we see another wave of 300-plus megawatt and large solar projects. But these projects are more than $1 billion projects and without federal loan guarantees, there's not that much Wall Street money to provide the debt on that. So I think that the utility-scale solar world is going to sort of drop back to 20 to 100-megawatt size deals, and we're going to pursue that aggressively. But what I'm trying to signal is that I think that, that's not the only solar world. And I think over time the distributed residential is going to end up sort of swapping the big-scale projects. So we'll stay in the utility sized space, but I just what the market to know that we're positioning ourselves hard to take advantage of the opportunity we see on the distributed and the residential side.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I got it. That makes sense. That's helpful. And if I can just -- on the guidance for next year, you've got interest payments down from $800 million this year to about $650 million. Can you just walk through the details of how you get there? Is the refis? Is it actual debt pay downs? So what are sort of the drivers there?
Kirkland B. Andrews: In that future year, that number, that reduction in the future guidance represents premiums, as well as reductions in interest expense as we move forward.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Is there an actual dollar amount of debt paydowns that you're actually forecasting in that number? I don't know if you can go there.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Ted, the only amount of debt paydowns that are foreseeable in that number currently is the amount of amortization on our existing term loan facility for 2012 as well as a small amount of amortization on some of the nonrecourse debt of the subsidiaries.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of John Cohen with ISI Group.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Dave, I know that you can't comment specifically on M&A opportunities. But given your commitment to solar and sustainability, how willing or enthusiastic would you be to look at coal plants in PJM? There seem to be like 3 that I can think of that most people think you're in the pull position to pick up an -- there might even be an entire company out there that you can get for not much money down. But how much -- I guess the question is how much risk are you willing to take on the environmental side of the equation? And how much upside to current market prices and current capacity prices would you be willing to sort of work into your evaluation?
David Crane: Well, John, I'm not sure I can answer the question too specifically. I would say that we have this communication internally all the time. Because I end up talking a lot of these new business areas doesn't mean that we're going to ignore the conventional business. In fact, I've said for years and years long before NRG got involved in the renewables business that I thought the natural people to be in the renewables business were people who were actually in the conventional business. So we're not afraid of owning conventional generation. We're very proud of our coal plants, the way they operate environmentally and everything. What I would tell you is just a couple of things. One, is we would definitely like to own more generation in the Northeast. We've said that for years now. We have not been successful to be able to acquire generation at prices that we thought made sense. We would not shy away. I mean, we already own coal plants both in the Northeastern Texas, so whether we own more or not, we don't think that really changes what the company is about. But the main thing I would tell you right now is the economics of coal plants in the Northeast are just phenomenally challenged right now. And I don't know -- we are being as assertive with asset management as one can be with our own coal plants, and it's not a pretty picture. And so if we were to buy coal plants in the Northeast, I'm pretty confident that other people are looking at the same sort of numbers that we're looking at. And to be frank, most of those numbers have parentheticals around them. And so I would say that we would be interested in looking at coal plants in the Northeast, but the price would have to reflect the value. And I think we've referred to it. I mean, it's almost an option value play. So I guess that's what I would tell you.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just one another quick question. I know that the customer numbers seem to be picking up now in Reliant. Is that associated with a corresponding decrease in average margins? Or what's the driver behind the growth in the customer numbers, and also would does that represent in terms of market share? Are you picking up market share or is that just growth in the entire market?
David Crane: John, Jason is going to answer that question.
Jason Few: What you're seeing is a couple of things. One, is we've always talked about -- we make trade-offs between the margin that we drive and customer account, and in 2011 we committed to showing a net 0 attrition against our customer base. So the growth that you're seeing does include some margin compression in terms of acquisition pricing, not against our core base of customers. The other thing that you're seeing is that we're seeing growth through the innovation that we're delivering on both on the product side, as well as value added services. So what we've done is we've fundamentally shifted our focus in 2011 more around customers. And I think you'll see us continue to deliver against that.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ameet Thakkar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ameet I. Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just looking at strategic priorities for 2012, I guess, one, I didn't see and I don't know if this is still a strategic priority for 2011 -- was the equity selldown in the solar business. Could you provide us an update on where that process stands?
David Crane: Yes, Ameet. Well, let me talk about that. We did start that process in the first part of the year, but what we found is, I mean, if you look at our 8 projects or whatever, obviously, by far the most capital is going into the 3 DOE projects. And for a variety of reasons, some of which I'd be willing to elaborate on if you want and some of which I won't, what we found is that in the final stages of the loan guarantee process with the DOE, it was not practical to both be negotiating with the DOE and trying to sort of arrange a selldown. Basically, pencils went down on the selldown efforts sort of at the beginning to midsummer, and we just focused on gaining these projects across the line with the DOE. So that ended, obviously, close to midnight on September 30, and now it’s the beginning of November. So we've restarted that process, and I think we'll have more to talk about in the weeks and months to come. Kirk, do you have anything to add to that?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, I think that's true. I mean, we're certainly focusing on the 3 big projects now that we are fully through the DOE process. I think that moves a significant amount of time that we focused on that, and also, it gives us greater clarity around these projects so we focus on the selldown. So we'd expect that to move that at a greater pace now, correct.
Ameet I. Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. And then just turning to the 2012 guidance, the $625 million to $700 million of EBITDA contribution from the retail business. I'm just trying to like get a little more granularity on that. I mean, is it fair to say that the energy process just kind of accounts for $30 million to $35 million, and then Green Mountain is another $70 million to $80 million of that?
David Crane: We don't get into that level of detail, but I think you're not embarrassing yourself, Ameet, if you're in those time zones.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I was going to follow-up actually on a question or 2 ago. The guidance and for retail in 2012, Jason, I was hoping if you could give us a little sort of zip code around margins indicated you gave up some margins to get customers this year. Are these margins sort of that in '12, improving, or is there a continued focus on customers?
Jason Few: I think you should look at 2012 margins and assume that they will be relatively flat to what you've seen in 2011. And from a customer perspective, and we'll continue to focus on the right balance between customers and margins and growing share like we've done in 2011.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's great. And then, Kirk, the Texas wholesale down $205 million sort of year-over-year. If I go back to the October third conference call, you sort of indicated that, that cut in guidance was about $55 million associated with sort of Texas weather. Is that $55 million comparable to the $205 million, such that I would say take $55 million out, $150 million was sort of all other elements associated with Texas retail away from weather?
Kirkland B. Andrews: I think, Jay, the way to think about that is that $55 million of guidance certainly included the components of that, what was also based on an overall revision in our outlook at the time that the revised guidance on October 3. I think the best place to focus your attention in getting greater clarity on the components around the August event versus the $205 million, versus the $55 million change in guidance is in the third quarter Q. In some of the footnotes, you will find a breakout of a reconciliation of how those changes took place in the quarter around what we have referred to or generally referred to as the August event.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. So you're suggesting those notes will be better and so I should not. That's apples to oranges, $55 million to $205 million?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes. And again, within the $55 million is that $205 million impact, and within the $205 million, one component of that is what took place in August. But again, it is apples and oranges in terms of saying those are both absolutes. That's correct.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Quick question first on the access deployable cash guidance, $575 million, $775 million. I was wondering [indiscernible] what's the total amortization across all of these that require debt paydown for next year?
Kirkland B. Andrews: That number in 2012, you can expect to be lower than what we've seen historically, as the new turbulence [ph] facilities don't have the magnitude of cash sweep that the old ones did. I think the right way to circle in on that number around and aggregate magnitude for 2012 is think about it as being about $70 million of if you will, mandatory amortization on that tranche.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then with regards to the, call it the 2012 acceleration from the repurchase front in 2011, as we think about that as taking away from some of the cash deployable next year? Or is that sort of a number available to next year, if you will?
Kirkland B. Andrews: I think the better way to characterize that is if you look at what is now the revised 2012 and beyond plan in terms of equity investments that I showed you on that side. Those numbers reflect a net reduction that is consistent with the increases or the accelerations we showed you for 2011.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right, great. And then moving over to retail, I mean, you've made a number of acquisitions clearly this year. I wanted to get a sense looking when you're forward, how much load, how many customers would you anticipate having, not just in Texas, but perhaps another geography, specifically the Northeast? And maybe to be specific here, do you anticipate lining that up against your underlying generation portfolio? Or do you feel comfortable getting ahead of yourself there?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, I mean, I think the -- I mean, essentially on the last part of the question, I'm going to turn it over to Jason to answer the first part of the question. Yes, I mean we do want to sort of line up the generation with retail. I mean, we feel that the model that we're pursuing in Texas over the last couple of years between the GenCo and Reliant has been overwhelmingly successful, notwithstanding August of this year. So we would like to essentially do the same thing in the North Northeast. And we have 7,000 megawatts in the Northeast. So we start being very long on the generation site. I don't know that Jason is going to give you specific targets on customers and things like that and all, but I'm looking forward to hearing what he says about the answer to the first part of your question.
Jason Few: Julien, the way you should maybe think about customer count is it will be in the probably 21 to 22 range in terms of millions of customers between the 3 retail companies. And in terms of terawatt hours for 2012, you should be thinking in the range of mid-60 terawatt-hour-type of numbers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Maybe just a quick clarification as it comes to the solar CapEx, if you will, or the net equity investment. Should we think also about the excess deployable cash as you sell down that solar business that's becoming incrementally available next year? Just want to be explicit there.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes. I mean, it's Kirk. On the pie chart that we showed on the last slide of my section, that excess deployable cash reflects the full load, if you will, moving forward of our solar CapEx. And obviously, the extent to which would be in the realized greater clarity around the sell down and the magnitude of those numbers, that would increase that portion of pie, if you will, for capital allocation on a dollar-for-dollar basis.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Steven Beard with Morgan Stanley.
Unknown Analyst - : Just following up on the excess deployable cash in 2012. You mentioned the potential to accelerate some of your growth initiatives. Can you talk a little bit more about the extent to which you could accelerate and what criteria do you use for making that decision?
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. On the first part of that question, in part, I'm simply acknowledging a little bit of the phenomenon that obviously occurred during the third quarter, which represented an acceleration of those. We would evaluate those on an ongoing basis. I do not expect those opportunities to be of a significant magnitude. However, if there is an opportunity to accelerate a project like Agua Caliente, for example, that the acceleration of our equity capital results in a commensurate and compelling increase or move forward, if you will, in the COD of that project. We'd evaluate that incremental return as we would evaluate any capital investment. So we take an individual point of view about that and make a decision at the time. But again, I don't expect the magnitude of those acceleration opportunities to be significant. I'm simply acknowledging the possibility that the timing may change as we saw in the third quarter.
Unknown Analyst - : Perfect, understood. And just on the Agua Caliente, there was a brief reference to the DOE consent for an application for the grant. Can you talk perhaps a little more about the timing and the process for the cash grant on Agua Caliente?
David Crane: We'll, yes. I mean, I'd be happy to talk about it. I think I'm understanding your question correctly. Agua Caliente is the one project in here that is not currently entitled to apply for the cash grant. And that happened as part of the DOE loan guarantee process where it was made clear to us that if we did not -- if we try to apply for the cash grant, then we wouldn't get the loan guarantee before the loan guarantee program expired. So that's the state of Agua Caliente at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, I show that we have no questions in queue.
David Crane: Okay. Well, thank you, Lacey, and thank you all for joining us on this call. And we look forward to talk to you next quarter for our year-end results. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day, everyone.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Christian Schade - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Nahla Azmy - Vice President of Investor Relations Jason Few - SVP of Mass Markets and Operations, Reliant Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 NRG Energy, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kiara, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Nahla Azmy, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Kiara. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2011 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will be also available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and the question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. [Operator Instructions] And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in this press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is August 4, 2011, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information and the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Now with that, I'd like to turn it over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. For this quarterly earnings call, which is the 30th such call in the history of the new NRG, we come to you for the first time from Houston, Texas where the temperature forecast for today is hot, followed by periods of hotter. The humidity is about as thick as New York cheesecake, and the air conditioners are working overtime. With ERCOT shuttering its load record every day this week. Hopefully, this will be a good day to be in the electricity business in Texas. For this call, I'm joined by our COO, Mauricio Gutierrez; and our CFO, Chris Schade, both who will be joining me in delivering prepared remarks. I'm also joined here today by Jason Few, the Head of high-flying Reliant; and Tom Doyle, the President of scorching hot NRG Solar, both of whom will be available to answer any questions you may have regarding their respective areas of responsibility. Now turning to the presentation. We have a lot of very positive things to talk about today. So let's go straight to the highlight page, which is Slide 3, of the presentation. As Chris will elaborate on a little later, the financial results speak for themselves. Void by Reliant's continued exceptional performance, we not only posted a very healthy $517 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, we also are in a position to narrow the range and revise upward our full year 2011 adjusted EBITDA guidance to $1.9 billion to $2 billion. What is particularly positive about this result is that while we certainly have benefited from a very warm summer today, we also benefited substantially from the immense progress Reliant has made in slowing and ultimately reversing the long-term decline in its customer account. And Reliant has achieved this positive reversal, not by eroding margins excessively but rather through its best-in-class customer care, its effective use of multiple sales channels and its expanded product offering. Reliant's exceptional financial and operating performance was replicated during the quarter by Green Mountain which performed well, and also across our wholesale generation fleet where we realized a baseload fleet availability around the critical 90% mark and achieved a very high level of reliability in peaker startups, which is obviously a very important operating metric, particularly during the hot and high-priced summer peak hours.  As it has been for the past 7.5 years, the strong operating performance achieved by our plant operations group, together with the forward hedging program implemented by our commercial operations team, achieved a substantially cash generative result, which in turn feeds our very strong liquidity and our strategic capital allocation efforts. This quarter and year-to-date, our financial team has gone from success to success in the steps it has taken to simplify our capital structure and to enable us to allocate our shareholders' capital with maximum efficiency. Now only our 2017 bonds remain in our way, and they become redeemable in just 5 months' time. But NRG's commitment to efficient capital allocation stands still for no man, nor will it will be frustrated by the obstacles placed in its path by any individual bond issue. So I'm very pleased today to announce an additional $250 million share buyback program, which together with the $50 million of shares which remain to be repurchased under our previously announced 2011 program, means that we have $300 million of NRG shares to be purchased before the end of 2011.  This supplemental buyback program, which we intend to implement over the balance of 2011, is made possible by the accounting impact of our recently concluded IRS audit on our -- and the impact of that on our existing RP basket. Chris well explain that in greater detail. When fully implemented, we will have completed $430 million of share repurchases in 2011. But I would prefer for you to think of this new $250 million share buyback program as a down payment on what may be to come in the first quarter of 2012.  Finally, our cash position is so strong that while we have committed substantial capital on 2011, both to buying back shares and paying down debt, we continue to be able to invest substantial capital in growing the company's portfolio in various low-risk value-enhancing ways.  Most notably, our solar efforts achieved very significant successes during the quarter. Our big 3 solar progress -- projects progressed well and are on track, notwithstanding a temporary hiccup caused by a desert tortoise issue at one of the 3 projects. And in the most exciting development in the quarter, we achieved a major step forward towards competitive advantage in large-scale rooftop solar when our project and partnership with Prologis received conditional approval for a $1.4 billion DOE loan guarantee.  We consider large-scale rooftop solar to be a critical and highly attractive area within the distributed generation space, and one that is going to attract an increasing amount of favorable public policy support in the years to come. So before I go into a little bit more detail on all of this, I ask you, the shareholders and prospective shareholders of NRG to consider this. If this is what NRG can accomplish 36 months into a deep commodity down cycle, imagine what we can achieve as we come out of that down cycle, and as our core commodities trend upwards towards mid-cycle levels. The potential is enormous. So let me just amplify a few of my points starting on Slide 4. From an earnings call perspective, this is the second anniversary of our purchase of Reliant. Those who were skeptical on this call 2 years ago that Reliant could sustain strong financial results quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year have to accept that Reliant's business model, as supported by NRG's wholesale fleet and commercial operations team, is a very strong and valuable business and is now an intrinsic part of our business model, a part that makes us absolutely unique amongst our immediate peer group. As part of our new guidance, we expect Reliant to contribute over $600 million of EBITDA in calendar year 2011.  And as I said previously, it is no longer a business that is contracting in size over time. Not only are we seeing the day when Reliant is able to grow its customer count, but we see greater value creation opportunities for Reliant presenting themselves in expanded product offerings and in geographic expansion.  Indeed, like many retailers, we see this as a particularly ripe opportunity for retail expansion in the Northeast United States. And both Reliant and Green Mountain are having positive early success in their efforts in that market. And in fact, since I have a large group of people listening on the phone and many of you are located in the Northeast United States, I invite you to visit reliant.com or greenmountain.com. With a minimal of fuss, you can enjoy the financial and customer care benefits of Reliant or Green Mountain, as I do at my home in New Jersey. And while I'm in sales mode, Reliant and Green Mountain obviously serve businesses as well as individuals. So feel free to call your employer to switch to Reliant or Green Mountain, so that you can enjoy the benefits at the office as well as at home. Now reverting back from that brief commercial to my presentation and from the Northeast to Texas, I want to point out that the robust supply-demand fundamentals in Texas indicate a bright future for the biggest part of our operation and a future that will be realized sooner rather than later. The 60-gigawatt record loads that ERCOT is setting every day this week indicates a peak reserve margin for ERCOT in the 10% range rather than in the 17% range officially predicted by ERCOT just 3 months ago. Of course, this record performance was significantly influenced by the heat. But in case people haven't been paying attention, it's getting significantly hotter almost everywhere every year. And that trend, if anything, seems destined to accelerate. One of my Texas colleagues who was in the room today reminded me that in College Station, Texas, it was 99 degrees yesterday. Maybe that doesn't seem so remarkable, but it was 99 degrees at 11:00 at night.  So I think everyone should consider that what we currently or what we like to think of as being abnormally hot is actually probably the new summer normal.  Finally, we continue to invest in the revitalization of our conventional fleet, led by several recoveries [ph] at geographically favorable locations in or near load pockets, employing new fast-start combined cycle technology that achieves high efficiency while being able to respond to the system's increasing need for capacity resources, that can respond quickly to grid fluctuations caused by a high percentage of intermittent renewable plants.  In particular, I'm speaking about El Segundo in Los Angeles, which is in construction. But we also have high expectations for Encina in San Diego County and for Astoria in New York City. What this all adds up to is a company that is able to deliver a high teen free cash flow yield before growth investment, and even nearly a double-digit free cash flow yield even after taking account our several hundred million dollars of current year investment in attractive growth projects. Turning to Slide 5 and continuing to focus on capital allocation. As those of you who have followed us for several years understand we have always pursued a very balanced capital allocation program. Over the life of the new NRG, we have deployed about $9 billion of the company's capital relatively evenly across 4 buckets of capital allocation that are depicted on the pie chart on this page.  Notwithstanding that the greater part of the attention to our capital allocation program has been on share buybacks, the single largest deployment over that period has been to debt repayment with $3.1 billion of debt paid down. The first half of 2011 was no different in this regard, with the company having paid down almost $600 million of debt in the first half of the year alone. This is consistent with our commitment to prudent balance sheet management, which has been an unwavering aspect of our management approach at NRG over the past 8 years and will continue to be so into the indefinite future.  But now, we have the additional $250 million of share buybacks announced today, which serves as a precursor for the additional capital allocation actions we hope to take after we clear away the 2017 bonds in the first quarter of 2012. The good news is that even after this additional buyback in 2011, even after our substantial debt repayment, even after we invest a very substantial amount of equity capital on solar projects and conventional combined cycle projects, and even after we spend our typical net $200 million to $300 million a year on major maintenance and environmental CapEx in our assets, we expect to end 2011 with several hundred million dollars of cash on our balance sheet in excess of what we feel we need to run our business. As a result, we will be well positioned to set up 2012 as another year of significant return of capital to shareholders. Now finally before turning over to Mauricio, let me say a few words about our thriving solar effort. Our first tier utility-scale solar projects identified on Slide 6 are all progressing either on schedule or ahead of schedule through the final development and financing phase and in many cases into construction. Tom Doyle would be pleased to answer any questions you might have about any of these projects.  A point that I want to re-emphasize about these solar project is the relative lack of risk. In the 20 years that I have been in this business developing, financing and building power plants, never have I been associated with utility-scale projects that feature such a relative absence of risk. When we assess these large-scale solar projects from the point of view of political risk, technological risk, environmental risk, commercial risk, by which I mean off-take risk, and most of all, completion risk, the risk profile is nowhere on the chart even compared to a standard gas-fired combined cycle power plant. So we like this business a lot and think it's an appropriate place to invest our shareholders' capital.  But as we have said previously, we expect the solar business to migrate over the next few years towards more distributed applications. And a couple weeks back, I was privileged to be with Governor Jerry Brown of California when he spoke of his firm intent to bring 12,000 megawatts of distributed generation to California. We expect to distribute solar increasingly to benefit from supportive public policy at the state and local levels. Because distributed solar means jobs and not just any type of jobs, it means local jobs for contractors and other small-business employers. This is why in my opinion, you no longer hear much talk about a high-voltage transmission system spanning the country. Public policymakers want to keep it local. And since we always have thought and said that the idea of a high-voltage national transmission system was nonsensical, we fully support this "keep it local" approach. We have taken several steps over the past several months to put ourselves in a position to be a leader in capitalizing on this trend to distribute solar. We will come back next quarter and talk more about what we have done in this area. But I will just mention again this one program, the multistate warehouse rooftop program alliance that we have with Prologis, with financial support from Bank of America and the Department of Energy, is a hugely important and strategic initiative that will enable us to scale up and reduce costs in this critical segment of the distributed market.  With that, I'll turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. NRG delivered another strong operating performance during the second quarter in both our generation and retail segments. Some of the highlights are listed on Slide 8. Starting with safety, we maintained our top [indiscernible] performance with an OSHA recordable rate of 0.78 for the first half of the year. This is our #1 focus across the operations group, and we will continue to strive towards a zero injury workplace. Our plant performance metrics saw significant improvements on availability and starting reliability compared to the second quarter of 2010. Even though we successfully concluded our spring outage season, we're in a very solid operational position during these critical summer months.  On the commercial front, we added significant hedges for 2012 while effectively managing the retail supply requirements during the warmest year on record in Texas. On the environmental front, the EPA released the final Cross State Air Pollution Rule in July. As you all know, the main change was the inclusion of Texas in the rule. And while there will be some incremental operating expenses, we are reaffirming today our environmental capital plan of approximately $720 million. Finally, we continue to make good progress in our repowering and solar projects. In June, we reached commercial operations on our 200-megawatt Middletown repowering project in Connecticut, and started the commissioning sequence for Road Runner solar project in New Mexico. All other projects in Indian River, El Segundo and Ivanpah continue to be on schedule.  Now turning to Slide 9 for a more detailed review of our operating performance. Net generation was higher by 2.5 terawatt hours during the second quarter compared to 2010, driven primarily by generation in Texas due to record weather in June and the addition of Cottonwood in our South Central portfolio. Our baseload plants continued their strong operating performance and posted an equivalent availability factor, or EAF, of 91% for the second quarter.  Indian River led the fleet with 97% availability, followed by Parish and Big Cajun, both with over 94% availability. In the beginning of the year, we have seen a significant increase in the number of starts on our gas and oil fleet. During the second quarter, our peaking units responded with an impressive 99% starting reliability, ensuring we didn't miss any opportunity during the high-priced hours.  Moving on to our retail operations on Slide 10. We delivered yet another quarter of strong financial results. Texas experienced record temperatures for the month of June. And with our hedging strategy and relatively stable market prices, we achieved significant earnings [indiscernible]. We also continued to grow net mass customer count, making that 2 consecutive quarters of growth with 17,000 additional customers in the end of 2010. We feel even stronger about delivering net 0 customer losses by the end of the year. Reliant also delivered lower bad debt expenses on our mass segment. Its strong performance has enabled NRG's retail business to be the largest in Texas while also delivering the stronger customer satisfaction levels. On the residential segment, we launched our expansion into the Northeast and are now serving customers in 3 states. We have grown the number of e-Sense customers with smart meter services from 220,000 at the end of the first quarter to 350,000 today.  Our C&I expansion into the Northeast continues as well, with sales teams currently operating in 6 states. This segment has experienced increased competition and compressed margins, and we're being selective on transactions where margins justify the risk of serving that load. Moving on to our hedge profile and commodity sensitivity on Slide 11. We increased our baseload hedges from 60% to 75% in 2012 where gas fundamentals remained weak. In addition, we saw an opportunity to increase our coal hedges for 2012 ahead of the EPA rule, and our commercial operations group did a great job executing in the market and hedging 100% of our requirements.  Beyond 2012, we continue to remain open on our baseload and peaking portfolios. We see limited downside risk on the gas market from current levels. That coupled with our view that our recovery is already underway in our core ERCOT market, driven by robust demand, lack of supply and stringent environmental rules, we anticipate ample opportunities to layer additional power hedges in the near future. Expanding a bit further on these market dynamics on Slide 12. You can see that Texas continues to show strong signs of growth and economic recovery. During the second quarter, demand grew by a healthy 2.5% on a weather-normalized basis. And given the extreme weather conditions over the past few weeks, we're setting back-to-back new peak load record of over 68 gigawatts, almost a 4% increase from the record just set last summer. On the upper right-hand corner, we have provided a new reserve margin forecast from ERCOT released in May, which shows reserve margins falling below the target of 13.75% by 2014. Two points I want to make on this forecast. On the load growth assumptions, we believe they are too optimistic in the near term and aggressive on the later years. And two, on the supply side, we remain skeptical about new generation, given the forward spark spread still don't support new build economics. What this means for -- from our point of view is that we may see reserve margins fall sooner than 2014, possibly 1 or 2 years sooner.  On the environmental front, the more stringent air pollution rule may accelerate some retirements in the Northeast interconnect and [ph] Texas. The market has already started to price some of this impact as you can see on the lower right chart. It is difficult to assess at this point the ultimate impact, since it will depend on the price of allowances and changes on the generations effect [ph], which will have significant seasonal differences. But we believe the remaining baseload coal generators, like NRG, will benefit from increased gas on the margin.  Finally, we have been talking about gaining clarity on EPA requirements in 2012 for the transport rule, now the air pollution rule. It differed from the proposal in a number of respects. Amongst the most noteworthy for NRG were the tightening of allocations, inclusion of Texas in the Group 2 SO2 and NOx programs, limitation of Louisiana to only the Ozone season NOx program, removal of Connecticut and Delaware from the list of states and the loss of trading flexibility in the early years.  As I have reviewed on prior calls, our investment in existing control technologies and use of PRB coal plays a large part in our ability to manage the final air pollution rule. We anticipate from our early analysis of this rule that NRG can comply through an integrated strategy, increased cover efficiency by about 10% to 15%, fuel switching to lower sulfur PRB coal and additional blending at our Limestone facility, seasonal dispatch and allowance purchases. We believe that incremental compliance costs are not material and can largely be offset by the impact in electricity prices as we saw in the previous slide.  Overall, given what I have reviewed between our current operational and commercial competitive advantages and the signs of improving fundamental drivers in our core market, we expect NRG's base business portfolio to realize enhanced returns over the next few years. With that, I will turn it over to Chris Schade for the financial review.
Christian Schade: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 15, we are very pleased with our results for both the quarter and year-to-date 2011 having announced adjusted EBITDA of $517 million and $972 million, respectively. During the second quarter, Reliant Energy continued to perform well, contributing $176 million of adjusted EBITDA as the business benefited from the warmest June on record leading to a 9% increase in mass volumes. NRG's wholesale generation business reported $341 million of adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter. Texas wholesale generation contributed $215 million of adjusted EBITDA as the fleet's average capacity factor improved 3%, allowing the region to benefit from the favorable weather. However, despite the improvement in operational performance, year-over-year adjusted EBITDA decreased $128 million, largely as a result of lower quarter-on-quarter energy and hedge prices realized in 2010. In the Northeast region, adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $47 million, approximately $50 million decline versus the second quarter of 2010. And it was driven by lower hedge prices and a substantial decrease in capacity revenues, all offset by lower operating costs. The West and South Central regions delivered $51 million of adjusted EBITDA, which was an increase of $20 million from the prior year's period. These regions continued to benefit from strong merchant activity, particularly in the South Central with the addition of Cottonwood. Adjusted EBITDA for the first 6 months of 2011 was $972 million, with Reliant contributing $327 million and our wholesale business adding $645 million. Reliant's business has performed extremely well by continuing to grow its mass customer base and the $13 million improvement in the C&I business year-on-year, due in part to an improvement in unit margins.  The NRG wholesale business has also performed well and benefited from an 8% year-on-year increase in generations sold or 3.7 terawatt hours, and a 3% improvement in baseload operational performance. The results were offset again by lower energy prices, higher fuel and transport costs and lower capacity revenues. Following the completion of a federal tax audit during the quarter, net income increased by over $600 million due to the reversal of tax liabilities, resulting from a confirmation of the company's net operating loss positions. For those of you that are new to NRG, net income is the determinant of the size of the restricted payment capacity calculation under our most restricted instruments, which are the 2017 bonds. As a result of this $600 million accounting reversal, our RP basket expanded by an additional $300 million during the quarter. Due to the expanded RP basket and taking into account the significant undervaluation that persists in the company's share price performance today, we are able to increase our share purchase program by $250 million, bringing the total 2011 share repurchase program to $430 million. To date, we have completed $130 million of the share repurchases, leaving $300 million of additional share repurchases, which we intend to complete before year end 2011. Now turning to 2011 guidance on Slide 16. As David mentioned, we are raising the adjusted EBITDA guidance range to $1.9 billion to $2 billion. This increase is largely driven by the strong performance of the Reliant Energy retail business, as it has benefited this year from favorable weather conditions and improved customer retention. We now expect Reliant to contribute between $610 million to $660 million of EBITDA compared to our original expectations of a range between $480 million to $570 million. Meanwhile, the wholesale business has performed as expected. And as such, we are narrowing our original guidance range to $1.22 billion to $1.26 billion.  Turning to free cash flow. We currently expect free cash flow before growth to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion, reflecting strong cash flow, offset by the impact of collateral movements and the first lien refinancing. Now turning to Slide 17. Total liquidity remains strong for the first half of the year at $3.3 billion. Total cash at the end of Q2 was $2.1 billion, which was a decrease of about $900 million from the year end 2010. The decrease in cash was largely explained by debt repayments of about $560 million, maintenance of environmental CapEx net of financing of about $115 million, investments on solar and repairing projects net of financing of about $310 million, $130 million of share repurchases, all offset by about $300 million of cash from operations. Based on our current forecast and changes to the Capital Allocation Plan, we now expect to end 2011 with almost $2.1 billion of cash, even including the impact of the expanded share repurchase program announced today. Although not illustrated on this slide, I would like to quickly provide an update of our ongoing efforts to sell down equity in our solar development projects. We continue to target a 49% sell-down of 880 megawatts of utility projects that will accomplish 3 goals: One, efficiently manage the solar tax attributes; two, attract new investors to solar development; and three, free up capital to be redeployed in our prolific solar pipeline. The progress of this initiative has admittedly been slower than expected, mostly a result of the pace of moving agreements through the Department of Energy for the larger projects. With that said, we remain confident that we'll reach a financial close with a net effect of increasing liquidity this year. Our share buyback plans are not dependent on the timing of this sell-down.  On Slide 18, I would like to provide an update to the simplification of the capital structure, encompassing both our first lien facilities as well as the senior notes that we announced during the Q1 earnings call. We successfully completed Stage 1 by replacing our existing $1 billion revolver and $1.3 billion letter of credit facility, with a single $2.3 billion revolving credit facility due in 2016.  Additionally, we issued a new single $1.6 billion Term Loan B Facility that matures in 2018 to replace 2 existing Term Loan B tranches with maturities in 2013 and '15. This refinancing eliminate investment basket restrictions and cash flow sweep requirements, while aligning the covenant structure in our first lien with our newer bond indentures. Stage 2, the refinancing of the $3.5 billion of senior notes is progressing as indicated. In May, we completed the redemption of $2.4 billion 2016 senior notes with the issuance of senior notes with a simplified indenture package maturing in 2019 and 2021. Over the coming months, we will look to complete the final stage of the simplification with the refinancing of the 2017 senior notes. As I mentioned on the Q1 earnings call, the long-term benefits to NRG and its stakeholders through successful execution of this debt restructuring strategy are numerous. First, there is an immediate improvement in the debt maturity profile with the nearest maturity by the first lien debt or bonds no earlier than 2016. Second, a common covenant package will be aligned across the NRG capital structure, permitting greater flexibility and the creation of a long range approach to capital allocation, both for a more efficient approach to reinvestment in our business and/or to return to shareholders. And finally, as it was announced earlier this morning, I will be leaving NRG in early September to pursue an exciting and unique new opportunity in the healthcare industry. This decision is in no way a reflection of the current health of the company or a judgment about its future prospects. On the contrary, I am quite proud to have had the opportunity to work alongside an incredibly talented and gifted team to strengthen the company's financial position and improve NRG's ability to provide greater returns to shareholders. I'm also grateful to have had been able to help execute David Crane's strategy of transitioning NRG to a 21st century power provider, particularly as it relates to building one of the country's largest solar power companies. As a current and future shareholder, I look forward to following NRG's transformative progress. Now I'll turn it over to David for closing remarks.
David Crane: Thank you, Chris. And before I give those closing remarks, I just want to mention about Chris' departure, which obviously we announced in the second press release this morning. I'm very sorry to see Chris go, as I think he did much during his comparatively short time with the company to streamline some of our critical processes and simplify our balance sheet, so that we would be in a better position to optimize the allocation of the company's capital. So on behalf of myself and everyone at NRG, I wish him well in his new endeavor. With respect to a new CFO, we have just commenced consideration of potential successors for Chris. And while it is early days yet, I want you to know that I have every expectation that we will be able to consider our alternatives and fill the position in a much shorter period of time than last time around.  The second and final thing I would tell you at this early stage in our CFO's search is that we have a very, very capable finance and accounting teams with deeply experienced management. And they will continue to pursue the company's various financing and capital allocation initiatives no matter how short or how long the CFO interim [ph] period turns out to be.  So now turning to the concluding slide on Page 20. Sometimes the NRG story, by which I mean our investment proposition, can seem rather complicated. But I think at this juncture and at this share price, it boils down to 3 things that you may wish to consider as drivers for further investment in NRG: First, our unique wholesale asset retail business mix that has its core strength in Texas, the best and strongest growing regional market in the United States with the reserve margin that has proven itself in the past few days to be surprisingly tight; second, our robustly growing green energy portfolio of projects and businesses, led by our industry-leading multifaceted solar program; and third, our willingness and our significant ability to return excess capital through our capital allocation program in a manner that creates value for our shareholders. This is a business model, which we had been pursuing relentlessly in the past and will continue to do so in the future. And with that, Kiara, we will be happy to take questions from people on the phone.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Brandon Blossman with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Let's see, kicking off with some solar questions. So I guess, one, can you kind of help us size the Prologis distributed [ph] solar project? I see the DOE loan, but it seems to some degree, unlimited here as far as size and ultimately trying to back into some kind of EBITDA expectations in the outyears.
David Crane: Well, the project at Prologis, I mean, I think you have to think of it in 3 phases. There's an initial 15 megawatts that -- I mean, it's a program that's supposed to unveil itself over 4 years. That's the period at which the DOE loan is available. And so, I mean, the maximum size is about 800 megawatts. But the initial -- the part that's starting right away is 15 megawatts. And so how large it ultimately ends up being -- I mean, if it achieves its full potential, the total size of the program is roughly about $2.4 billion in terms of total enterprise value. I think, it's really early to say whether it'll be 100% successful. But I would say from our perspective, even 50% successful or 75% successful would be a great win, and that would mean that the investment for us would be over 4 years in the $500 million to $700 million range. So translating that into EBITDA, it might be a little bit early for us to do that, but I think that, that's something we try and flesh out on our next call. Tom, do you want to add to that?
Tom Doyle: No, I think you've covered it completely.
David Crane: Brandon, is that good enough for you?
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: It's helpful. I appreciate the color. And then just kind of following on the solar theme, I think, Chris mentioned a 49%, 48% sell-down? That was -- I didn't -- the equity portion of the current solar project. Could you -- is there any additional color that you can give around that? Is that indeed the equity portion, and what kind of order of magnitude are we looking at there also?
Christian Schade: Yes. No, Brandon, it's 49% of the equity in the 880 megawatts of utility scale. To give you size, there is -- before ITC, it's about $1.8 billion total equity. So afterwards, after the ITC grant, it's about approximately $1 billion. So 49% of that would leave us with approximately $500 million of equity. And as I said on the call, the benefits to us here are threefold. Obviously, we're looking to attract new investors into this to continue to bring them in and other investments that we have in the future. And clearly, we're going to optimize the tax benefit created by these projects. So those are the 2 certain goals as we move this forward. And we are -- certainly still expect to have this done before year end.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. So more cash in the door.
Christian Schade: And that's not included in any of the liquidity slides that you have in the deck in the slide presentation.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You talked a little bit about EPA compliance in Texas including the purchase of emission allowances. Can you give us a feel for what allowances are trading at in that market right now?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Paul, this is Mauricio. I mean, right now, there is no market liquidity for allowances, and we haven't seen any indication on pricing outside of what the EPA provided. So as we said, we have an integrated compliance strategy. I think, purchasing allowance is one of the options. And as we gain clarity on pricing, then we will decide whether we buy more [indiscernible], how much more we're going to increase our scrubber removal efficiency on Limestone and Parish, but that's yet to be determined based on prices.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So I mean, the EPA range is a really wide range. I mean, do you have a sense of where your pricing expectations will come out relative to their range?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Paul, I mean, that's -- it's very difficult to establish at this point. I mean, we're looking at the spread between low sulfur and high sulfur PRB or lower sulfur and low sulfur PRB. That will provide us some indication capital investment or low capital investment to comply. So I mean, at this point, it's very difficult to pin a pricing expectation.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then on the Reliant side, you talked I guess about declining margins there. But can you give us a sense dollar-wise either for C&I or mass market what those margins look like right now?
Jason Few: Paul, this is Jason. We don't give margins at a segment level between our mass business and our C&I business. But what I can tell you is that if you look at our performance against both those segments, in the mass segment, we have seen a slight erosion of margins in that business, but that's consistent with competitive market, but yet we're still delivering very strong margins against the portfolio. In the C&I business, we continue to see increased margin pressure in that business. However, we're taking a very disciplined approach against the types of business that we're going after to make sure that we can earn the proper type of return against the capital we're putting at risk against the C&I business.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then the last question is the -- you changed your projections on adjusted free cash flow. It looks like the big change is a reduction in working capital assumption. What's driving that?
Christian Schade: It would just be a move in the collateral to support the trading businesses.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just following up on the retail question. I'm wondering are you -- how are you getting these higher customers? Are you ramping up your customer acquisition costs? And then, can you just comment on that first?
David Crane: We have increased some of our marketing activity. The other thing that we've done is we've entered into some new channel arrangements to meet customers in more places from an acquisition standpoint. We've made significant improvements in our conversion performance within our channel. In fact, our conversion on a close rate is higher than it's been in our historical performance. The third thing that we've done on a retention standpoint in retaining customers is we've gotten a lot better in terms of our overall retention performance as well, so it's a factor of new channels, our acquisition performance, our conversion rates and just performing a lot better on a retention level, which is enhanced by our customer service and the types of product offerings that we're giving customers, that we believe continue to differentiate us in the market and what we're doing around our e-Sense product program.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on the segment as well. For the quarter, how much did weather impact the volumes, would you estimate?
Christian Schade: Weather clearly had an impact on our overall volumes. But I would tell you in terms of our performance for the quarter, it's a combination of not only weather driving higher volume, we had benefited from a lower supply cost than budget, as well as a strong improvement in our bad debt, which I think is consistent, which is the overall economic environment that you see here in Texas; and then fourth, the strong customer count growth. So it's a combination of all 4 of those things that's really driving the performance.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. And then if I could just ask one more question, just shifting more to a sort of balance sheet, and it sounds like the positive common trend on buyback potentially in '12 -- any thoughts on sizing how big that might look like? And then I'm particularly interested in what kind of cash balance you think you'll need to run on a sustainable basis, higher or lower than where you've been over the last few quarters, or just some thoughts there?
Christian Schade: Well, Ted, I mean, obviously, we are intentionally being vague about what we expect to do in 2012 because we don't want to create an expectation amongst people like yourselves that we would have to fulfill 6 months from now under completely different circumstances. Obviously, with where the company share prices now, seriously undervalued from our perspective, we see investment in the company's stock is to be about the best thing that the company can do with its money. We obviously have no idea what the company share price will be in the first quarter next year. Obviously, we hope that it moved in a particular direction from where it is right now. So I don't want to give you a particular number in that regard. But I would tell you that as we think through what will happen once we are out from underneath the -- out from underneath this restricted payment basket is that, I think, one thing that we'll be trying to change people's mindset on is the idea that there is a specific amount of buyback that we'll do every year on a recurring basis. That was something that we put in place about 5 years ago because looking forward with the RP basket is part of our life. We sort of saw that we'd have that ability to do that. I think what you'll see in the first quarter next year is that the way we're going to look at it is that, we want to right size our balance sheet from the point of view of how much liquidity we've maintained and go back to the way most people do buybacks, which is not something they do the same number every year. But if they have excess cash, they do it, and if they don't have excess cash, they don't do it. So I think that's the way we'll be looking at whatever decision we make in the first quarter of the year is -- how much excess cash do we have and what should we do of it, so that the balance sheet isn't constantly carrying this big -- it's a high quality problem, but this burden of too much high cost capital.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar with Bank of America.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: David, just kind of following up, I guess, on the last question there. Over the last, I guess, several quarters and you guys have kind of been more focused on organic growth around your existing conventional fleet and the solar business. But given where we are in the cycle and now having some more finality or clarity on EPA rules, I mean, I guess, if we have to rank order, I guess, your potential uses about excess liquidity, is it fair to say that kind of share buybacks are kind of at the top of the list at this point?
David Crane: Well, I mean, based on what we can see now, that would be yes, that would be at the top. But I mean, let me address some of the other potential uses since you mentioned them. And I think you can see the limits of my predictive capacity because I had anticipated in early 2010 that 2011 would be a good time to be in the market buying power plants. But nothing could be further from the truth. I'll tell you what we've seen in the last several months is that -- and this is speaking, Ameet, about gas-fired power plants is that, that there are a lot of people chasing the gas plants in the market, and they're willing to pay prices that we can't justify. And the price that we're thinking things are worth and the price that people are paying for plants is not shrinking, it's getting larger. The other thing we're seeing in the market for gas-fired power plants is it's not just strategic buyers in the market anymore, it's financial buyers. And it seems that people are anticipating a turn in the commodity cycle, and private enterprises that don't have to worry at all about near-term accretion dilution are amassing power plants on the idea that the forward price curve is about to turn in a positive direction. So I would say of all the things that you might see us investing money in, the least likely thing you'll see as investing money in is in buying gas-fired combined cycle power plants. Another question that comes up is what about coal plants now that we have a little bit greater clarity because EPA rules are out there? I think it's really too early to tell on that because first of all, I'm not sure, no one's sure exactly how the EPA rules are going to kick in, and whether they're going to be applied on time and things. So I think the jury's still out on whether there is to be value obtained in buying coal plants. And I would mention we continue to seek, we would like to have a larger conventional power plant business in the Northeast United States, particularly in PJM, so it continues to be an aspiration of this company. But I'm not -- I'm just telling you, I'm not confident that we can do that at value. And so, that's not as likely a use of cash resources. So apart from that on the M&A front, there are things that we see in the alternative energy space or around the retail business that would fill out what we're trying to do in terms of our intrinsic growth. But those types of things are a much smaller dollar number things and would not impact, I think, in any way what we're confident in contemplating in terms of capital allocation over the next several months. Ameet, how was that for a long winded answer, did that answer -- somewhere in there, was there an answer to your question?
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: That was very good. And then just real quick for Mauricio. There's been obviously a lot of back and forth regarding just some of the inner workings in the newer [ph] capacity market. I was just wondering if you can provide us an update on where you see that process kind of moving to you next. And also, I was wondering if kind of the lower spot on your capacity options is what kind of drove, I guess, a slight reduction in the top end of your wholesale guidance?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay. I mean, well, as you know, we filed a complaint with FERC. We believe that the MISO did not exert the buyer [ph] side mitigation rules in the Astoria ACS plant. That was the main driver of the decrease in capacity prices from June to July. We think that -- we're awaiting the ruling from FERC. We think that there is a good precedent, given how they sided on the [indiscernible] rule in PJM, and we will update you when we know more about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Orrill with Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: Was wondering if I could take another crack at the idea of the excess cash that you would have available in 2012. Just how do you think about the concept of excess cash in terms of metrics and levels there? Or is there really another way to think about it just in terms of amount of cash that you need to have set aside just as more of a static measure to run the business?
David Crane: Well, Greg, let me take -- the way we look at it is that Chris comes in at what's an increasingly long line of CFOs of this company, all of whom have told me that they think that the ongoing cash needs of the company in order to operate our business is in the $700 million range. And so we start by setting that aside. The second thing I think that you will -- you can count on us doing is that we will look at the equity capital when we get to the first quarter next year. We'll look at the equity capital that we expect to invest in the solar projects and the conventional projects that are well on their way. One of the things about -- another one of the things that I like about solar development is that the hit rate on solar development seems to be significantly higher than the hit rate on conventional power generation. And so if it looks like we have projects in the pipeline that are going to require equity capital in a foreseeable period of time, for example, calendar year 2012, we will take that into account. And then we look at having deducted those 2 things and obviously, the main is environmental CapEx, and the other things we do every year, then that's the number. And right now, we projected that number will be in the several hundred million dollar range. And so I know -- and I did sort of avoid the previous question in terms of ranking these various uses of capital. And to some degree, I don't think that we have to rank these uses of capital because we have so much capital that if we have very strong investments, I think we can do more than one thing. But I think we will look where we stand at that time in the Spring of 2012. And this is important, and then we will consult with our Board of Directors because they will have a very strong point of view on this. And then, we will look at the options in terms of return of capital to all the stakeholders, the shareholders certainly but even whether there should be more debt repayment.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: And so in terms of the timing of taking out the 17, is that -- has your view changed at all on sort of when that would occur? I thought the sort of the base case was to wait until February.
David Crane: No, that's still the base case. But that's not -- Chris, why don't you just give the...
Christian Schade: Yes. I don't think the timeline has changed at all. I think we've been very opportunistic about the refinancings to date. And that really has taken advantage of a firm high yield bond market, so we continue to track that. We continue to understand where a potential refinancing with price vis-a-vis where we would redeem these bonds. Obviously, there's a May call period which is available now, which declines from -- based on treasury, it's about 107.5 or so now. It declines to the call price, which is about 103 and 3/8 or so in January. So we'll just continue to track it through that time period and then see what our refinancing alternatives are.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Keith Stanley of Deutsche Bank.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you provide an update just on how much load Reliant is now serving outside of Texas, and the mix of customers you have there in terms of residential and C&I, and I guess, how quickly you intend to grow this business outside of Texas?
David Crane: So outside of Texas, it's still early days for us. We're a little 2 terawatt hours in our C&I business. Our residential business, we're only in 3 states. We've not begun to fully turn up our marketing activity as of yet, so we really think that we'll see more of our growth come from out of region the back half of this year and certainly into 2012. But we do intend over the next couple of years that it will represent meaningful growth for us in terms of our overall retail EBITDA performance, as well as customers and volume.
Keith Stanley - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. That's helpful. And one follow-up, for 2012, you've now added some hedges in each of the past 2 quarters. But looking at the heat rate sensitivity, on an apples-to-apples basis, it looks like it hasn't changed much. Is it fair to assume you're layering in mostly gas hedges still for 2012, and looking to keep some of that upside to heat rates open?
David Crane: That is correct. I mean, we've taken advantage of short-term rallies in the gas market, particularly pre-summer. And we executed some gas hedges in our baseload portfolio. And as you know -- as we get closer to the delivery year, we'll convert that into power.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: I was hoping to throw one to Jason to just follow up on the retail business in the last question he was asking about the sort of outside or out of Texas business. Can you talk a little bit, Jason, just what you're seeing margin-wise outside of Texas, understanding it's early days vis-a-vis what you're seeing in Texas? I understand you may not want to give specific numbers, but just in zip code and the idea being Texas is a pretty developed market versus some of these other states not as developed, just what we can read in by a comparison of those 2 markets.
Jason Few: Well against both segments, rather C&I or mass segment, we see lower margins in the Northeast than we do in the Texas market, just given the market structures that exist across PJM. But relative to our plan and what we thought we would be able to achieve in those markets, again, early days. We're fairly consistent with the types of margins we thought we would be able to generate in the Northeast.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: And will -- are you expecting to see some increase in margins, and that's what's going to drive you towards accelerating the outside of Texas business, or are these margins sort of what it's going to be, and you'll just grow on the back of volume off these lower margins?
Jason Few: Our expectation is that the margins are going to be what they are. And that's going to -- our growth and the speed of which we grow is really more about getting certified in each of the states and then us actively marketing in those states. But we think that over time and we certainly believe that market conditions may change, and that you might get to a more open competitive market like you see in Texas over time and PJM, we think that will create some margin expansion opportunity in those markets if that actually happens.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: That's great. And then, Mauricio, one last one, back to the cash per rules [ph]. On Page 13, you indicated that you're looking at some low cost control for Big Cajun versus allowances, and I know you're waiting on some additional interpretation there but wondering sort of what you're thinking about there in addition to the ACI and fabric filters you identified in the table above.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think specifically for Big Cajun, we'll be evaluating SNCRs relative to the cost of allowances and potentially the use of lower sulfur PRB. That's what we're contemplating right now. But as you can appreciate, without having some price visibility, we haven't made up our mind on what route to take.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Got you. And SNCR is relatively inexpensive. But would that be in the 7 to 20, or would that be on top?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, we believe it's going to within the 7, 20.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our last question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Another question about retail, not surprisingly, you mentioned that you think that margins should stay stable going forward. But should we just simply assume that there's a higher profitability of this business going forward especially in Texas? Or should we assume that 2011 in ERCOT is a bit of a one-off year where ERCOT clearly intervenes in power markets which caps power prices and reducing the purchase dollar cost for Reliant and as such, Reliant's margins are a bit inflated?
Jason Few: Angie, this is Jason. No, I think if you look at our margins in 2011, again, they're being helped today also by lower supply cost. We're seeing improvement in our bad debt. It's not all just kind of the market dynamic that's driving that. I think when you look at our position in the market, our ability to capture a premium from a pricing standpoint, we feel fairly confident that we'll continue to be able to hold the kind of margins that we're delivering today. Now whether or not you continue to see the volume inflation that whether it's one of those contributing factors, that's something that we'll see if that repeats itself in 2012. But I don't think that you would look at our margins today and say that they're being inflated by the way in which ERCOT operates the market.
David Crane: Angie, if I could add to what Jason is saying, I think one of the things we've been concerned about on the retail side and this is another testament to what Reliant has achieved is that, since the market had felt that wholesale prices were subdued and were going to stay subdued, that unleashes a tremendous amount of competition on the retail side. Jason, how many retail electricity providers are there active in Texas right now, 40, 50, something like that?
Jason Few: No, it's about 60.
David Crane: 60 in Texas. And what we're particularly concerned about is when the retail margin would erode under obviously price competition from other retailers and for the reasons that we already described, Reliant had been able to withstand that attack. But what we may be facing over the next 3 years is that if ERCOT, which does not have a lot of generations supply coming through the construction pipeline, gets very tight on generation side, Jason's wholesale costs may rise and compressed retail margins in that regard. And so, will Jason be able to do $600 million or $700 million a year every year going forward, not in that sort of rising wholesale pricing environment. But of course, the good thing for an NRG shareholder is what Jason sees in terms of compression is what our generation side will see as greater margin. In Texas, we're still roughly 2/3 generation and 1/3 retail. So ultimately, the company overall will benefit in that situation even if Reliant has difficulty posting that same type of number year on, year out -- year in, year out.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Yes. That's great.
David Crane: And operator, I think that's a great note for us -- that last effort to extol the beauty of the wholesale, retail model that is unique to NRG is a good way to end the discussion. So thank you all very much for participating in this call, and we look forward to speaking with you in the months to come and on the next quarter call at the beginning of November. Thank you very much.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Christian Schade - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Nahla Azmy - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to NRG's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Laura, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Nahla Azmy, SVP, Investor Relations. Nahla, please proceed.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, and welcome to our First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release through the link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will also be available on our website.  This call, including the formal presentation and question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in this press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is May 5, 2011, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information and the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and let me add my good morning, and welcome to Nahla’s. Today, I'm joined here by Mauricio Gutierrez, the company's Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Schade, the company's Chief Financial Officer, and they will also be giving part of the presentation. We're also joined by Chris Moser, who runs the company's Commercial Operations; and Jason Few, who runs the Reliant Energy, and both will be available to answer any specific questions that you have in their area. As all of us here are cognizant of the fact that we took up a good deal of your time just a couple of weeks ago discussing the STP 3&4 situation in light of the event in Japan, our prepared remarks today are going to be unusually brief. I'm also going to be referring to a slide deck, which I think is available on the website.  So as illustrated on Slide 3, to put it quite simply, we had a very good result in the first quarter of 2011, $455 million of adjusted EBITDA, ahead of our expectations and even when adjusted for seasonality, a good start in our objective of achieving or even exceeding our full-year guidance range. Our better-than-expected financial performance was underpinned by a very robust operational and commercial performance by both our core generation business and our 2 retail energy providers, Reliant Energy and Green Mountain Energy. This robust performance was achieved notwithstanding long bouts of extreme winter weather experienced across our geographic footprint. While I know that the conventional wisdom is that wholesale generators are expected to do well financially during periods of extreme weather, what we found during the weather events that gripped the Texas market in early February is that there is often a divide between net expectation and reality. Reality depends on the dedication of hard-working employees and on their successful execution, and I am very pleased to report that this winter, our plants and our people performed exceptionally. Our retail load requirements were in aggregate properly hedged. And as a result, the company and its shareholders did very well. The first quarter was generally marked by weak natural gas prices and wholesale electricity prices, which were unexceptional. But our results benefited substantially by the strong operating and financial performance of Reliant, which delivered $151 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter.  I noted previously that wholesale generation usually does well during extreme weather events. Conversely, retail load providers often can do poorly. In this regard, Reliant defied the conventional wisdom. It performed very well operationally and financially during the February weather events, and that is a testament not only to the exceptional operating performance of Reliant's management and staff, but to the intrinsic benefit of NRG's combined wholesale, retail business model.  Time and time again, over the past 2 years, but perhaps never more visibly than this quarter, we have demonstrated the advantages of the integrated business model of matching retail to generation, both in terms of commercial risk management and in terms of optimizing earnings and cash flow. And from a cash perspective, the first quarter 2011 was another in a long string of highly cash-generative quarters for the company. This is important to us because as we often say, this is how we manage NRG and have managed through our 7 years at the company: To maximize cash generation and to allocate it efficiently and effectively.  The company, since the first quarter ended, executed $130 million out of our $180 million 2011 capital allocation program for share buybacks and repaid another $161 million of our outstanding debt as a result of the functioning of our mandatory cash sweep. Finally, on Slide 3, the first quarter also was an eventful time in terms of the future shape of our industry, not only the events at Fukushima but the promulgation of the new EPA rules impacting coal plants, the enactment into law of the 33% renewable portfolio standard in California, the unexpected extension of certain Federal tax credits for renewable generation and even the seemingly inexorable rise in the price of crude oil and gasolines are all likely to have a profound impact on the future shape of our industry. In part because Fukushima has impacted us quite directly, we have spent a considerable amount of time over the past months reflecting on these events and considering their impact on our businesses and our opportunities. Our conclusion that apart from the actions we already have announced and implemented with respect to our nuclear development program, the rest of our strategy is more compelling than ever. We're on the right track both in terms of focusing on our solar-focused renewable strategy and in putting more time and effort into our conventional gas-fired repowering efforts in high-value locations within our core markets. And I'm very pleased with the progress we've made in these 2 areas during the quarter.  With respect to our industry-leading Solar portfolio, we now have a clear line of sight into the financing of nearly 900 megawatts of solar projects, all which will begin construction by the end of this year. Most of these utility scale solar projects are solar PV projects, and all of them are being built with the benefit of long-term PPAs from either Pacific Gas & Electric or Southern California Edison.  Finally, there are big 3 solar projects. Ivanpah, California Valley Solar Ranch and Agua Caliente, have all received either a conditional loan guarantee commitment from the Department of Energy or in the case of Ivanpah, already have begun to draw down their DOE loan. With respect to conventional power generation, we now have 1,400 megawatts of gas plants, either under construction or with long-term contracts at Middletown and Connecticut, El Segundo and California and Old Bridge in New Jersey. We have another 1,580 megawatts permitted at Astoria in New York City and Encina in California, which are seeking long-term offtake arrangements in order to move forward.  In short, both with respect to renewables and conventional repowerings, we have an attractive growth pipeline with limited risk and strong double-digit returns, and we see more opportunity in this area as a result of the pressure arising on incumbent baseload generation as a result of the events of the past few months, and we are in a good position to capitalize on these opportunities. We expect to provide more detail around both our solar and our conventional growth pipeline on our second quarter call.  Turning to Slide 4. I have often said that the most important thing that we are directly responsible for as the executive management of NRG is capital allocation. As depicted on this slide, for the past 7 years, we have deployed a lot of capital, both from the substantial cash flow regularly generated by the company and from the external financing done in connection with the Texas Genco transaction.  We have been quite consistent in our approach to capitalize our allocation, our focused having been on being balanced, prudent and disciplined while maintaining the ability to act quickly when attractive opportunities arise, as we demonstrated both with the Texas Genco and with the Reliant acquisitions.  For the most part, our approach has worked to the benefit of our shareholders. Indeed, in the first quarter of 2011, around 90% of the company's EBITDA was generated by assets and businesses which we did not own when we started 7 years ago.  Further, we have taken the occasion of the STP 3&4 write-down to reassess our approach to capital allocation in light of the current circumstances and the risks and the opportunities of our industry. While there certainly are aspects of our approach which we are going to modify as a result of lessons learned, we're going to continue to emphasize balance, discipline and prudency with a dose of opportunism when attractive situations arise.  What is missing and what has been missing is capital flexibility. The restrictive covenants in our loan agreement simply make it impossible for us to allocate capital in the most efficient manner possible. Of course, we and all of you on the phone have known this for a long time. And indeed, we have attempted several times over the past years in various ways and with varying degrees of success to ease the constraints on our freedom of action with respect to the company's capital. But we have done so always guided by the fact that we need to gain that freedom of action in an economically rational way.  Today, we have announced that we are already pursuing a debt refinancing package that is designed ultimately to give us much greater freedom of action with respect to the deployment of the company's capital. Chris Schade is going to speak in much greater detail about our approach to this refinancing and the overall plans. So I simply want to point out as shown on Slide 5 that the ultimate goal of this program is to put us in a position where we have the opportunity to use a good chunk of the company's excess liquidity, to increase the stake of the company's existing shareholders and the extraordinary cash flow generation machine which is NRG.  Even in the currently subdued commodity price cycle, the company is demonstrating a high-teen free cash flow yield. As we go forward, we want to have the ability to protect and enhance that yield, not only by increasing free cash flow but also by significantly reducing the number of shares outstanding. This is one of the quickest and most certain ways in which we can clearly and demonstrably create incremental value for NRG shareholders.  Over the next several months, we will provide you with regular reports on our progress in implementing that financing plan. So now, I will turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 7. Now, we're off to a positive start in 2011 with both our Wholesale and Retail businesses delivering strong operating performances during the first quarter. As David mentioned, EPA provided much awaited clarity around environmental rules affecting our generation portfolio. I will discuss those proposed rules in more detail in a moment. But the key takeaway is that we do not expect at this time any additional environmental CapEx beyond what we have previously announced. With respect to our projects on the construction, the Middletown project is in the final commissioning phase and we expect these units to reach commercial operation in June. The Indian River Back-End Control project and the El Segundo Energy Center Repowering project are progressing according to schedule.  Finally, the Ivanpah Concentrated Solar Power project in California has started construction work, and it is expected to be fully operational in 2013. As we have said in the past, the strong commitment to safety is a foundation to achieve superior operating results. And the first quarter of this year is a clear example of that.  Starting with safety on Slide 8. Our OSHA recordable rate of 0.66 was well within top decile in our industry, making it one of our best quarters ever. We have 35 sites out of 39 without a recordable injury in this first quarter.  Our overall net generation increased by 1.2 terawatt-hours, driven primarily by higher generation in Texas led by STP and the addition of Cottonwood to our subcentral portfolio. Generation in the Northeast was adversely impacted by lower coal dispatch in February and March. Our baseload plants performed exceptionally well, improving on last year's availability and reliability metrics, particularly when needed the most during the severe weather event that struck Texas in early February. The baseload availability factor was over 90% and reliability, measured by force outage rate, significantly improved compared to Q1 of 2010. Our gas and oil fleet maintained their superior start reliability of 97% while increasing the overall number of starts from prior year. Turning to our retail operation on Slide 9. We delivered another quarter of strong financial results. As we indicated in our last call, we anticipated bringing our customer count to net 0 losses by the end of the year. In fact, this quarter, our net residential customer count grew by 11,000 since the end of 2010. Reliant also delivered lower bad debt expenses and our hedging strategy during the weather events in February was effective, avoiding any negative financial impact. On the Residential segment, we continue to lead the market in Texas with innovative products and services that take advantage of smart meter capabilities, and we now have over 220,000 customers using at least one e-Sense product. We're also well along in the process to launch as a residential retail provider in the Northeast. We intend to fully leverage the integrated Energy Reliant model we have successfully executed in Texas. The C&I segment delivered the strongest performance since the acquisition and tripled fine load compared to Q1 of 2010. The C&I expansion into PJM has also preceded well and by the end of the first quarter, the team have signed nearly 1 terawatt-hours of term business. Finally, the last 2 years, we have chosen to hedge at the retail portfolio exposure to our hurricane via structured transactions. This year, we have made the decision not to insure for a few reasons. Distribution system has been strengthened by the TMD [ph] company after Hurricane Ike. The risk of selling back high price supply at much lower prices have been reduced, and the cost of insurance has increased compared to last year. Moving on to our market update on Slide 10. Texas continued to show strong fundamentals with demand growing by a healthy 1.8% on a weather normalized basis in the first quarter. And ERCOT is setting a new winter peak low of 57 gigawatts in February. On the supply side, we see little in terms of new generation and thus tightening our reserve margin should lead to higher forward heat rate in Texas.  We have also seen several positive developments for competitive capacity markets in the Northeast. In New York, FERC ordered an ISO to include property taxes and interconnection costs in its calculation of cost of new entries. In PJM, FERC approved a minimum offer price rule amendment and required new generation to bid no lower than 90% of net CONE.  Finally, in New England, FERC extended the price will [ph] through 2016 and instructed the ISO to develop a minimum offer price mechanism, similar to those using PJM in New York. All positive developments for our assets. With respect to natural gas, prices have turned up, especially in the back end of the curve. I believe there are many factors, particularly demand driven, that are starting to change long-term market sentiments such as the prospect for nuclear power post-Fukushima, the incremental power demand from coal retirement and the possibility to export gas from the U.S.  As you can see on Slide 11, we have taken this opportunity to increase our hedges in 2012 from 52% to 60%, providing some downside protection where fundamentals continue to be vulnerable. Beyond 2012, we remain on the sidelines given our fundamental view. Retail increased our price load obligations by 13% in 2011 and 8% in 2012. One of the benefits of our wholesale, retail combination is that we control when to vertically integrate the business and achieve maximum synergies and when to decouple it in go-to-market. These ongoing optimization translates into higher margins for our portfolio.  Our commercial group continues to focus on supporting our retail expansion in the Northeast and wholesale origination activities. Just this quarter, we began serving two Arkansas series, totaling 350 megawatts of peak load on our South Central region. We will continue to build on our successes and the strength of our physical assets. As I said in my opening remarks, March was a busy month for EPA. It released a proposed utility MACT and 316(b) rules. These rules, combined with a transport rule issued last July bring much needed clarity and certainty to the electric industry's planning process. I will just cover some of the highlights which I outlined on Slide 12 that allow NRG to reaffirm its compliant strategy.  As you recall, the transport rule is a new Cap & Trade program for SO2 and NOx. Important to our planning will be allocations, restriction on trading and limited requirements in Texas. The proposed MACT rule provides flexibility in that compliance can be achieved through facility averaging and company selected control technology. It also recognizes the inherent differences in mercury emissions from lignite coal.  Finally, the 316(b) rule, which addresses water usage, have not mandate cooling towers. These rules, while providing some flexibility for compliance, will have a significant impact in the power markets. We continue to expect between 30 to 40 gigawatts of capacity to be retiring in the next few years.  So in terms of NRG's generation portfolio, in the past week, I've disclosed the potential implications of a worst case regulatory scenario, with an incremental cost from our base plant of $900 million to $1 billion. Given that all 3 proposed EPA rules came within our expectation, while we await the final rules, we don't expect to incur any incremental CapEx, and we are reaffirming our base capital investment of $720 million for compliance with current regulations.  Now I will turn it over to Chris for the financial review.
Christian Schade: Thanks, Mauricio. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 14. We are pleased with our strong first quarter results of adjusted EBITDA of $455 million and cash from operations of $216 million. Reliant Energy continued to perform well and contributed $151 million of adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter. Compared to the first quarter of 2010, Reliant's Q1 2011 results were approximately $40 million less and largely explained by a combination of lower volume sold and lower unit margins on both newly acquired and customer renewals. As Mauricio also discussed, since acquiring Reliant, a primary goal has been to limit customer attrition and create new customer growth through a strategy of enhanced services and offerings. During the first quarter and as a direct result of these efforts, Reliant experienced favorable mass customer growth with the addition of 11,000 new customers since year-end 2010.  During Q1, our Wholesale Generation business contributed $304 million of adjusted EBITDA, an approximate $100 million decline compared to Q1 2010. Texas wholesale generation contribute $235 million of adjusted EBITDA, a strong performance in light of the challenging commodity markets but weaker than Q1 2010. The quarter-on-quarter decrease was caused by a combination of lower realized energy prices based on lower hedged prices and higher fuel transportation costs, which drove a 15% decline in realized margins per megawatt hour. Offsetting these declines were favorable quarter-on-quarter operating expenses of $14 million. In the Northeast region, adjusted EBITDA declined $66 million due to a lower gross margin driven by a 25% decline in coal generation, lower hedged prices and a decrease to capacity revenues due to the expiration of RMR contracts in certain of our Connecticut plants, as well as lower realized LFRM prices and volumes. These decreases were partially offset by lower operating cost of $28 million as we look to reduce regional costs across the board but particularly at lower performing... The West and South Central regions benefited from higher capacity revenue and increased merchant activity and together contributed $42 million of EBITDA during the first quarter of 2011, a 17% greater number than Q1 2010 performance. At this time, we are maintaining 2011 EBITDA guidance range of $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion, an increase in free cash flow before growth guidance by $175 million to a range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. Before turning to the next slide, I would like briefly to provide an update to our 2011 capital allocation plans. We recently purchased $130 million of NRG shares or 6.2 million shares at an average price of $20.87. This leaves $50 million for additional purchases under the announced 2011 plan, which will be completed before year end. We will also continue to consider the possibility of further share repurchases within the confines of our existing restricted payment baskets and our high-yield notes. Turning to Slide 15, total liquidity, excluding funds deposited by hedged counterparts, remained strong during Q1 at about $4 billion, which included total cash of $2.7 billion. This healthy liquidity position permits ample room for us to continue to execute on our near-term solar development program, as well as considered future capital allocation commitments.  Now turning to 2011 guidance on Slide 16. Although NRG has begun the year on a strong note, we are currently maintaining the 2011 EBITDA guidance as I've previously said at $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. However, we are raising free cash flow growth by $175 million.  Increase in free cash flow guidance is directly a result of the increase in margin collateral received during the first quarter, as well as a reduction to environmental CapEx caused by the issuance of tax exempt funds associated with the Indian River Air Quality Control System project.  It is our goal to provide greater priority and performance by narrowing EBITDA guidance range throughout the year after Q1, since the summer weather conditions can meaningfully affect our performance. On Slide 17, I would like to explain our goals to simplify our existing capital structure as David has previously stated. This undertaking will involve a 2-stage process and encompass our existing first lien facilities, as well as those senior notes containing certain restrictive covenants. Stage 1 is focused on our first lien debt and is expected to be completed around the end of Q2 or early Q3 of 2011. Our goal during Stage 1 is to issue a single $2.3 billion revolver to replace an existing $1 billion revolver and $1.3 billion letter of credit facility. We also intend to issue a new 7-year, $1.6 billion term loan B facility to replace 2 outstanding existing term loan B tranches. Our primary goal in this process will be to eliminate investment basket restrictions, cash flow sweep restrictions and mirror the covenant packages currently in the indentures governing our most recent bond issuances and specifically those in 2018, '19 and 2020.  Second in Stage 2. It is our goal to refinance the $3.5 billion of 2016 and 2017 notes over the coming 6 to 9 months. The completion of this stage is consistent with our strategy of refinancing these bonds at respective coal dates similar to the transaction we completed in January of this year and our 2014 maturity. As part of this refinancing, we expect to replace restrictive covenant packages with a more flexible structure, allowing us to return value to shareholders.  Furthermore, upon completion of the final refinancing, NRG will have a common covenant package across all debt maturities. As a reminder, those common covenants of which I am referring to are governed by cash flow metrics rather than income, which we believe is better aligned and more suited with how NRG runs its business. Long term benefits NRG and its stakeholders through successful execution of this debt restructuring are numerous. First, there is an immediate improvement in the debt maturity profile with the nearest maturity of either our first lien debt or bonds no sooner than 2016. Second, a common covenant package will be aligned across the NRG capital structure permitting greater flexibility and a creation of a long range approach to capital allocations, both for a more efficient approach to the reinvestment in our business and/or return to shareholders. We look forward to sharing our long range of more predictable planning goals with you in the future as we complete this refinancing process and work through future growth plans and capital requirements. Now, I'll turn it over to David for questions.
David Crane: Thank you, Chris. And before we open the floor to questions. Just one summary remark. We've been asked many times over the past few weeks whether we plan any new strategic initiatives to take the place of nuclear development. And the short and simple answer to that question is no. Our strategy was and still is a multi-pronged growth strategy incorporating many initiatives, which are designed to capitalize on what we see as being very attractive opportunities opened to the 21st century power companies. We think if we successfully execute on these initiatives, we will substantially enhance the shareholder value in the years to come. The dimmed prospect for the nuclear renaissance in the United States either have not affected our other initiatives or in some cases, they've actually enhanced the attractiveness of these other opportunities.  So our plan, quite simply, is to redeploy the time, energy and resources we were putting into new nuclear developments into a near -- people at NRG know that I'm a big fan of alliteration into the 4 Rs of renewables, repowerings, retail and repurchases. So with that, Laura, we'd be happy to answer any questions that people have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brandon Blossman from Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: So I know you've covered this in your prepared comments but more details on growth plans in conventional and renewables.
David Crane: I'm sorry, Brandon. The question is of what our growth plans are in conventional and renewables?
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Yes. You noted more details in the second quarter. You also noted that the STP being off the table doesn't change any plans, but you're at least reviewing your brownfield opportunities.
David Crane: Well, Brandon, just -- I mean, we have -- the main thing in the renewables front is we don't have any new initiatives in terms of onshore wind. We have NRG Bluewater that's pursuing offshore, but that's a long process still I think. It's overwhelmingly when you focused on solar, and we have this pipeline that we think will go into construction, we'll use the benefits of the cash ITC program that's available through the remainder of this year. As I mentioned, that's close to 1,000 megawatts. Beyond that, we have a development pipeline. It's earlier stage and so things can come and go, but that can be another couple thousand megawatts over the next few years. So we're going to have a lot of focus on that area. To date, that has been out in the southwest United States. We are looking to get more involved in solar further East, I mean, certainly in Texas but also actually in the East. But that's still a work in progress.  On the conventional side, one of the things that we think is going to come about obviously is that we've had sort of a reversal in terms of solid fuel baseload. While clearly, the prospects for a nuclear development in the country outside of the deep South have dimmed substantially. And now that we have much greater clarity about coal-fired generation because of the promulgation of the EPA rules, we at least have a sense of what's going to happen in that market and you can actually price opportunities and you can price gas as an alternative. We have a lot of great sites around the company in the Northeast and Texas and the West Coast. The transmission system depends upon power from a lot of our sites. So we have mainly a brownfield development, redevelopment effort at many different sites around the country, and I think we're going to be re-evaluating that and see if we can get more plants permitted. But I think with where our market prices are, we are currently operating on the assumption that anything we do is going to benefit one way or another from a long-term offtake arrangement. And we'll try to be more specific on the second quarter call because there are live projects that we think will have greater certainty by that time.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, looking forward to that. And then just as a follow-on. Any incremental updates on I guess equity sell down in the larger solar projects?
David Crane: Chris?
Christian Schade: Brandon, it's a process we just recently started and kicked off, so there's really no update. It's ongoing. The responses we've received from the initial potential investors we've seen has been very positive. But we expect it's going to go on through the rest of this quarter into the early part of the third quarter and we'll update it then.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Macquarie Capital.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I wanted to ask about your environmental CapEx. So your assessment is that you'll still see 30 to 40 gigawatts of coal plant retirements on the back of those new EPA regulations, and yet you no longer see any additional CapEx that is required for your coal plants. Could you comment in particular with regards to your Northeastern assets?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Angie, this is Mauricio. As you know, Huntley and Dunkirk and Indian River, they have been under constant degree [ph]. We have already made significant investments on those facilities. We believe that the back-end controls that we have installed in Huntley and Dunkirk or that we're installing in Indian River will be sufficient to comply with those rules. When we say 30 and 40 gigawatts, we really think that Eastern coal generators will have to install either significant environmental control equipment or retire. So whether we see that happening Midwest, Southeast and Mid-Atlantic, we think that, that's where the majority of the impact is going to be felt. So I think on our environmental CapEx, we really are focusing on controlling mercury to ACIs and for vacation [ph] needs of fabric filters to control mercury and SO2. And we think that with that, we will be able to comply with the rules.
David Crane: Angie, I just really want to emphasize because I know you're aware of this, but maybe not everyone in the call is as familiar as you are with this industry. But I just want to reiterate Mauricio's assessment that the rules that came down, I mean, you hear a lot of different noises from the industry about the EPA rules. Some people would say they are extremely harsh, others who say that they're workable and it really comes down to a Western coal versus an Eastern coal situation. And I'd like to take credit for it. But even before I was here 7 years ago, the decision to move the coal plants of NRG from Eastern coal to Western coal seems to have paid off in this situation. So it is all about these Eastern coal plants. And Mauricio, we're in a situation here with our fleet where we're not using much Eastern coal at all. Is that right?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. I mean, what is left is Indian River 4 and that is less than 5% of the total coal that we consume now in our fleet.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. Now, given the drop-off in earnings in the Northeast. I understand the RMR contract expired there and that was the biggest year-over-year driver. But is there, I mean, is there anything that you can actually do to either renew these contracts or is it just retire the facilities?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, Angie, I mean, 2 things. One, we had a warmer than normal February and March that really impacted the generation of power coal fleet in West New York. We're constantly evaluating the profitability of our plants. We think that the market is starting to rebound. We're going to go into the second quarter and third quarter where higher capacity prices and going into the summer will increase the profitability of our plants.
David Crane: Angie, can I just add though because you make a very good point which I think is one of the most interesting areas in the country in terms of the future of power generation mix is the Northeast. Because if you look at it, I mean, we actually performed pretty well. I mean, in terms -- the fact that our EBITDA result in the Northeast went from $77 million last year to $10 million is not because of a weak performance of our units. It's because that's what we got out of the marketplace in the quarter. And the Northeast fleet is older than the rest of the country's fleet and I think there's just a lot of question about what going to be the power generation in the future. But if someone like us with several thousand megawatts manages to extract $10 million in EBITDA, it's not a sustainable situation long-term.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill from Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: I know you talked about the refinancing you're looking to do and how that would help you to allocate capital more efficiently. Is there anything specifically within your strategy that you feel that the way things are now is preventing you from doing? And maybe also within the context of the big cash balance that you have.
David Crane: Well, Greg, I mean, I may be misunderstanding your question but I mean there's nothing that I know of in the covenant package that's really and unduly restrictive in terms of reinvesting in the business. It's all -- because I feel that in the scheme of things, we've been very disciplined in that approach. The company has accumulated this large cash balance and as a high cost of capital company, it's clearly inefficient for us to be holding that amount of cash on our balance sheet. So really the only constraint that we're trying to relieve right now is our ability to return that capital to shareholders at this share price, through our share buyback. But if we were at a more reasonable share price, there are other ways of returning capital to shareholders. Chris, if you will.
Christian Schade: That's correct. And until we relieve the restrictions into the outstanding indentures governing the 2016 and '17 maturities, we're going to be prohibited from returning much more than the $180 million that we've currently announced for this year, perhaps maybe more in the margin. But the relief that we're going to get in the new maturities, which will mirror the indentures that we have and the other outstanding and new early issued bonds, is quite significant and allow us to look quite holistically at capital allocation across the...
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: And then maybe a quick follow-up. How much would step B of the refinancing cost you in terms of calling the senior notes?
David Crane: Well, the call premium is 103 in 5 days [ph] roughly on the 2016. So on $2.4 billion, that would be the call premium there which is roughly $85 million of call premium that we would pay. The 2017s are yet callable. There was a make-up [ph] call which is depending on the day you choose treasuries of about 110 versus the call that comes due in January of 2012, about 103 in 5 days. So there's a significant difference between getting at the 2017s now and waiting for the call period in 9 months from now, which we expect to do. So that would be -- and that issue in 2017 is at $1.1 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson from Wunderlich Securities.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: David, I was wondering if maybe Mauricio could talk in a little more detail about the Texas impact on both retail and wholesale from February 4?
David Crane: I'm sure he would love to, Jay. Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, I think we've been quite public about the excellent performance of our fleet during those days and the price spikes that happened, which basically demonstrates how competitive markets work.  On the retail side, the convention is that during these events, retail providers tend to be heard. In our case, through the hedge profile that we have provided to Reliant, they were no longer insulated on February 2 but to some extent benefited by the sudden decrease of our power prices following these events, with higher loads that were maintained because of our coal [ph] prices. So I think exactly on the days that happened, our Generation portfolio was ready to be deployed and in the aftermath where power prices decrease significantly, the Retail portfolio out-performed [ph]. But keep in mind that the result of our presenting, yes, I mean, the February 2 events held but this is in prior quarter results.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Okay, fair enough. So I'm trying to get my head around sort of $1 impact of either in retail and wholesale or aggregating the 2 together. You're suggesting the positive impact would be small.
David Crane: Well, let me just answer that by saying I don't even know a specific dollar impact to that event and so if I don't know, we're not going to tell you what exactly it is. But in the scheme of the quarter, I don't think it was a significant number. But it's always better on any given day to make more money than you lose. So we're pleased with the outcome on that day. But we don't have a specific number from the ISO event itself that we can give you.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Okay, great. And then just on Green Mountain. No, it's not the biggest piece of your business but you lumped it into corporate, just what the adjusted EBITDA contribution was?
Christian Schade: We said that Green Mountain would contribute $70 million to $80 million of EBITDA for the full year and their performance during the first quarter was good, and there's no reason to think that we will not be within that range at the end of the year.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And then lastly, Chris, just the capacity under the RP basket at the quarter end?
Christian Schade: About $50 million. So we completed the $130 million, we said $180 million. So we have the $50 million remaining which we'll get to in short order.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: I want to find out with respect to the Ivanpah project, there's been some headlines out there about the BLM recent decision to partially suspend construction of the project at least on, I believe, 2 of the 3 units or sites? Do you mind commenting with respect to how that might shift in service of the total project?
David Crane: Well, Julien, there's no shift yet. I mean, the important thing as you say is on 2 of the 3 sites and that the most active -- I mean, like most good developments, Ivanpah was being built in a staggered approach. Ivanpah 1 first and then 2 and 3. And most of the activity, not all of the activity but most of the activity is around Ivanpah 1 which was not affected by the BLM action. And we believe and hope that, that action is just going to have a short-term impact on the day to day schedule. And at this point, there's no reason to think that the overall schedule is going to change at all.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: Great. Exactly what I thought. And then secondly, with regards to NRG's decision to join MISO, I'd be very curious if you have any kind of read on what that would do for your own portfolio in the region, specifically, as it relates to potential capacity payments, et cetera.
David Crane: Well, I'm not sure that we're in a position yet to talk about specific capacity payments. I mean, I'll hand the floor over to Mauricio and I'm pretty sure he won't answer the question either. But I would say that overall, the decision to actually answer MISO is we think is significantly positive decision for our portfolio, but we're not getting excited about it. Too early because we've seen in the past that this can take several years to actually happen. So really anything that we said would be pretty speculated, would be pretty far out in the future. Mauricio, do you want to obfuscate around that further?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, I would say that I think it's too early to tell and in general, we like organized markets where there is clear transparency on transmission and dispatch and clearly NRG moving to MISO you say it's a positive development for our portfolio. And you already mentioned on the capacity markets, I mean, I think show the characteristics of a proven organized market are going to be positive for our South Central region.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: Great. And a very quick last question. You have a substantial cash balance, talk about refinancing the senior notes here. Is there a potential that you would use cash on the balance sheet as part of the refinancing plans, if you will? Or would you just basically refinance the dollar for dollar both of the 16 and 17?
Christian Schade: No, I think we're certainly looking to putting some cash towards the refinancing. I think to accomplish 2 things. One perhaps just to reduce overall leverage in maintaining our good balance sheet targets. And second, to relive any potential sort of reaching [ph] costs on refinancing lumpy tranches to try to remove some of the market risk that might exist around some very largely-sized tranches in any given maturity.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Looks like you guys highlighted the Old Bridge project as a potential opportunity and then I guess in your presentation told, you kind of refer to the FERC ruling on the Melper [ph] provision. I guess how do you guys view [indiscernible] the project given the recent ruling by the FERC [indiscernible] supporting them over?
David Crane: Well, I think, Ameet, and again I'll ask Mauricio if he wants to amplify anything I say. But I think essentially the way we look at it is first of all, we support the FERC ruling. We think it's good for capacity markets throughout the Northeast. So it's a positive precedent. In terms of the impact on Old Bridge, obviously, there's a lot more water that's going to flow down the river on that with the disputes between the state and FERC and the litigation and all. But from our perspective, we feel a low cost option to proceed with the Old Bridge award if it makes sense to do so. And we'll just see how it plays out over the next year. Mauricio, do you want to add to that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. I think that’s…
David Crane: But it's very hard for us to predict specifically the way it's all going to pan out, but the burn rate in terms of the development of that project is quite low relative to other things that we are doing and have done in the past. So we're very pleased with where we sit. And Ameet, as I think we've said many times, to the extent that there are weaknesses in our portfolio, we would like to have more based intermediate load generation in PJM, particularly in Eastern PJM. So it was an attractive opportunity for us.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Understood.
David Crane: So operator, with that, I think we will call it a day. We appreciate everyone taking the time to participate in this call. We look forward to talking to you on the second quarter call if not before. Thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Crane - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Member of Nuclear Oversight Committee Christian Schade - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mauricio Gutierrez - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Nahla Azmy - Vice President of Investor Relations Jason Few - SVP of Mass Markets and Operations, Reliant Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies & Co Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Charles Fishman - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc. Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 NRG Energy Earnings Conference Call. My name is Deanna, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Ms. Nahla Azmy, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Deanna. Good morning, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will also be available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and the question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is February 22, 2011, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as the result of future events except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our year-end 2010 earnings call. Today, with me, and participating in the presentation is Mauricio Gutierrez, the company's Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Schade, the company's Chief Financial Officer. Also with me today and available to answer questions are Jason Few, who runs NRG's retail company, Reliant; and Chris Moser, who runs the commercial operations function for this company. So without further ado, to begin -- so ladies and gentlemen, current and perspective shareholders of NRG, as we speak today, it's now been 32 months since natural gas prices began their relentless fall and the economy at large entered into a great recession, the likes of which, I'm sure none of us wish to experience again in our lifetimes, yet the financial performance of NRG during this period has been superb. And that financial performance has been built on the foundation of an equally exceptional operating performance across all phases of our operations and across all our regions. In 2010, the second full year of the great recession, our financial performance surpassed all previous years of company results, save for fiscal year 2009, which was of course the first year of the great recession, a year in which we performed spectacularly, achieving both record financial performance and the acquisition of Reliant. While I am, for the most part, extremely pleased with both the company's financial and its operating performance during 2010, I am acutely mindful of the fact that NRG shareholders did not see any of the benefits of our exceptional performance and share price appreciation during that year. As a management team, we recognize that we have a long way to go in presenting NRG's present value and future potential to the market. In this presentation and in subsequent presentations that Mauricio, Chris and I will be making during the spring Investor Relations season, we intend to make a concerted effort to explain the NRG value proposition. From the competitive strength of our core businesses, even in a low commodity price environment, to the meaningful and measurable value of our growth opportunities, as well as our effective risk mitigation in areas which we believe to be of concern to the investment community. So starting with 2010, as summarized on Slide 3, the company continued to generate a very high level of EBITDA in excess of $2.5 billion and also throw off a substantial amount of free cash flow. Indeed, in regard to what should perhaps be the most important metric to shareholders, free cash flow yield, our free cash flow yield for 2010 was a robust 29%, making our seven-year average exceed 23%. And in response to some people who said that we should measure free cash flow for these purposes after both maintenance and environmental CapEx, we have done it in that way but before growth CapEx. A substantial amount of that free cash flow yield was redeployed back to stakeholders in the form of debt repayment and through our 2010 share buyback program and also into various growth initiatives, which we'll discuss in a minute. But over $650 million of excess free cash flow was returned as cash into the company's coffers, with the result being that our liquidity position at the end of 2010, $4.3 billion of total liquidity with $3 billion of cash on hand, is stronger than it has ever been.  It has always been my position that next to safety, the most important thing that we do as executive management at NRG is capital allocation, and given the amount that we are investing on an annual basis and the record amount that we currently have available either to invest in growth or to return to our equity and debt stakeholders, capital allocation has never been more important than it is now. As such, I'm going to focus the greater part of my remaining remarks on capital, which we expect to invest in our growth initiatives in the months and years to come. Chris will focus a good deal of his comments on capital to be returned to stakeholders. In terms of the allocation of capital to our growth initiatives, it's important to start with the obvious point that we want to invest the company's capital in assets and initiatives that not only are likely to yield a return significantly in excess of our risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital, but also in businesses and initiatives which advance the company's strategy.  As depicted on Slide 4, the company's long-term strategy for some time has been twin-tracked. First, to strengthen and enhance our generation to retail business in our core markets through superior operating performance, continued implementation of our first-lean-enabled, long-term hedging program and pursuit of both select acquisitions and the repowering of our older facilities with advantage locations inside load pockets in our core markets. This comply of our strategy which we have pursued with relentless consistency and a high degree of effectiveness for the past five years was joined a couple years ago with a supplemental strategy that is overtly green and designed to take advantage of the societal trend towards sustainability. This sustainability trend is, in our opinion, about to accelerate as a result of the emergence of various consumer-oriented disruptive technologies, which will make green energy at the consumer level the focal point of sustainability. We made considerable progress on both strategic fronts during 2010, with substantial advances across every facet of our sustainability initiative. From our rollout of our eVgo network in Houston, which is centered around an innovative fueling package in approach to electric vehicle infrastructure that is already being replicated in other locations through the smart meter e-Sense applications now being sold by Reliant in quantity, to our unique approach to CCS/EOR being funded in collaboration with the DOE at our Parish facility in Texas. All of these initiatives are exciting and off to a good start. All will, I am confident, return considerable value to NRG to shareholders in the medium term.  You will hear more about these initiatives in the future but not today, because today, consistent with my theme, I want to concentrate my comments on the growth initiatives which are more immediate and which are key priorities for deployment of your investment capital during 2011. This is shown on Slide 6.  By way of background, in 2010, we committed substantial growth capital in four general areas: Zero carbon renewables, with an emphasis on solar; new advanced nuclear development; conventional gas-fired acquisitions and repowerings; and green retail acquisitions in the form of Green Mountain Energy. All four are likely to be areas of additional capital expenditure in 2011 but with very different investment profiles from 2010. First, we expect an acceleration and significant expansion in our equity capital invested in high-growth, high-return solar projects. At the greater part of our utility scale, solar portfolio should achieve financial close and enter the construction phase during 2011. Second, investment in conventional generation assets should be relatively flat year-on-year, as spending on GenConn and Cottonwood should give way to spending on El Segundo, but conventional CapEx could increase depending on our development success at Astoria, Saguaro or Encina and also, whether we find any strategic assets that can be acquired at value. Third, capital invested in green retail should drop precipitously as obviously the big expenditure in this area in 2010 with the acquisition of Green Mountain. The amount of capital that we will be investing in and around Green Mountains business in 2011 or to expand into new geographic markets, bigger customers segments and new complimentary green product offerings is fairly minimal. And finally, and similarly and perhaps, contrary to popular investor belief, even if the STP nuclear development project stays on course, the development capital projected to be required of NRG in 2011 will be far less than half of what we invested in 2010 and will be a mere fraction of what we will be investing in solar projects and other capital allocation alternatives.  So this is a lot to digest, so let's go through a little bit more slowly, starting on Slide 7 with Green Mountain. Four months ago, we paid $357 million for a business that we expect to contribute $70 million, $80 million of EBITDA in 2011, plus, we expect Green Mountain to continue to deliver on a 20-plus percent compound annual growth rate trajectory that they have delivered for the past decade. But we didn't acquire Green Mountain just to continue with business as usual. We wanted to take advantage, and we wanted them to take advantage of what we believe are very substantial synergies between Green Mountain and NRG.  Essentially, we want Green Mountain to accelerate the depth and breadth of their growth in close cooperation with us on the same path that they were following on their own, which means expansion into a high retail price Northeast markets, where they start with a natural green-leaning constituency, also, expansion into the larger Commercial segment of the C&I market than they have previously sought to access. And finally, expansion of their value-added product offerings to include distributed green generation. It's early days yet, but on at least the first two of these, they are already beginning to bear fruit. Green Mountain has established a small but fast-growing footprint in New York Zone J, and in terms of larger C&I customers, they have won landmark business like the Empire State Building. We expect to be reporting on these and many more successes from and with Green Mountain as the year progresses. Turning to conventional generation on Slide 8. 2010 was an uneven year, with the successful acquisition of Cottonwood and the repowering at Devon and Middletown, balanced by the missed opportunities surrounding Dynegy's California asset. Cottonwood and Devon have been smoothly integrated into our South Central and NEPOOL lineups respectively, and we are very pleased with the results today. Looking forward to 2011, we're very focused on the successful repowering of El Segundo, an advantage which we hope to derive from having a modern, fast-start, low-heat rate, combined-cycle plant inside the Los Angeles basin load pocket. Beyond El Segundo, we hope to make progress on similar repowering efforts at Astoria in New York City and Encina in San Diego County. Beyond our own Repowering pipeline, the capital we deploy in the acquisition of conventional power plants, obviously, will depend on market conditions and asset availability in our core regions. While the acquisition market is lumpy, generalities are difficult and predictions are often proved wrong, the optimism I once held at the first half of 2011 would be a buyer's market for CCGTs in the United States has largely dissipated. I see no sign of a flood of assets on the market and the combined cycle of transactions which have been announced recently have been priced at levels significantly above what we could justify to ourselves or explain to our shareholders. With respect to our nuclear project, while important steps forward have occurred in several areas since our last earnings call, very little of it can be seen with the naked eye. As before, really all critical aspects of the STP 3 & 4 project run off of our receipt of an acceptable conditional loan guarantee from the government. Certainly, it is a challenge for us to complete meaningful discussions about PPAs with potential off-takers, while the loan guarantee application remains pending. So our exit ramp analysis, which is set forth on Slide 9, remains largely unchanged from the previous quarter. Likewise, our viewpoint with respect to NRG's continued participation in the project remains at the most challenging of these hurdles, which is the long-term off-take requirement, effectively needs to be addressed no later than the third quarter of 2011 before the project enters the substantial pre-construction phase.  As such, we reiterate the view which is clearly articulated in both our 10-K and in today's earnings release, that NRG will be in a position by late this summer to make a final decision on our continued financial participation in this project. At that point, the market should have substantially greater clarity about the prospects for this project and NRG's role in it. While we understand that there is skepticism amongst some investors that the project can go forward in the current low gas price environment, we nonetheless, believe it might be helpful to you for us to outline as shown on Slide 10 the future capital commitment of NRG in respect to this project, should it stay on track, with NRG continuing to support it financially.  The overall message is that due to a combination of first, the very substantial sum that NRG has previously committed to the project development, particularly during the first half of 2010 after the settlement with CPS. Second, taking into account our expectation of an optimal hold amount in the project for NRG of approximately 40%, which is down from the 67% that we will own if and when TEPCO invests in a project post-loan guarantee award. And third, due to the value ascribed to NRG for its contribution of the site, NRG's cash commitment to the project going forward is less than what otherwise would be suggested by our projected ownership level. In summary, should the project proceed to financial closing, the total cash commitment for NRG at our 40% hold level should be something just short of $800 million in aggregate, including cash invested to date. Beyond that, we are likely to have an LC commitment to a standby equity crossover line facility that will be fixed. And while that number has not yet been finally fixed, you should be thinking in the range of a few hundred million dollars maximum.  In exchange for this size investment in STP 3 & 4, we expect cash flow from dividends and tax benefits in the range of $500 million a year for the first several years of operations. Obviously, this is a very attractive return but one which we believe is well just justified given the extraordinary challenges of the undertaking. Now pulling it back from where we hope the project will be in 2016 or 2017 to where we are here in the first quarter of 2011, you should be focused on what happens after announcements of acceptance of the loan guarantee. As the loan guarantee acceptance naturally will trigger certain funding obligations from our partners, NRG's share of cash development spent for the remainder of the development phase should approximate $50 million for all of 2011 and half that for 2012.  While our perspective 2011, 2012 development standard is perhaps substantially less than many in the market were anticipating, it remains a lot of money to us, and we're taking very seriously our commitment to retain our financial discipline around this project and prevent exposure of our balance sheet beyond the specific commitments that I've outlined in this presentation. Now turning to Slide 11, last but certainly not least, there is the solar pipeline. I've said many times, and I'll repeat here, that in my 20 years in this business, I had never seen investment opportunities in this sector that offer more attractive combination of high returns, low construction risks, long-term PPAs and repeatable business opportunities than the utility-sized solar projects that we currently have in our advanced development portfolio.  As such, we intend to do as much of this business as we can get our hands on, with the result being that by the end of this year, we may well have a total initial equity investment in our solar portfolio that exceeds the total amount that we may ever invest in STP 3 & 4 at very attractive near-term returns. The limiting item for us in terms of these solar investments is our ability on our own to make optimal use of the considerable tax benefits which will be generated by these projects. This is a topic that Chris Schade will discuss in a few minutes. What I will end by saying is that this extraordinary pipeline of utility-sized solar projects, which our colleagues at NRG Solar have managed to develop or acquire, provides us with a truly unique opportunity to develop over the next few years a solar portfolio of true scale and significant benefit, even in the context of the larger portfolio of NRG. Ultimately, however, we fully recognize that the current generation of utility-sized solar and wind projects in the United States is largely enabled by favorable government policies and financial assistance. It seems likely that much of that special assistance is going to be phased out over the next few years, leaving renewable technologies to fend for themselves in the open market.  We do not believe that this will be the end of the flourishing market for solar generation. We do believe it will lead to a stronger and more accelerated transition from an industry that is currently biased towards utility-sized solar plants to one that's focused more on distributed and even residential solar solutions on rooftops and in parking lots.  We are already planning for this transition now within NRG, so that any potential decline in either the availability of utility-sized solar projects or in the attractiveness of the returns being realized on these projects, will be exceeded in aggregate by the increase in the business we are doing on smaller distributed and residential solar projects through our Green Mountain and even our Reliant retail sales channel. With that, I'll turn it over to Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. NRG continued its strong operating and commercial performance during the fourth quarter, making 2010 one of NRG's best years. Slide 13 highlights a few of the key accomplishments achieved in 2010. Starting with safety, we're particularly pleased with our record performance this year. Our OSHA recordable rate improved 26% over 2009. Our top performance remained strong with 90% availability of our baseload fleet, just shy of our 2009 level. This performance was achieved despite a forced outage event on our STP nuclear plant in November, which I will cover in more detail in the next slide. On the environmental front, we delivered our second best year, and our FORNRG program far exceeded our 2010 goal. As I mentioned to you on our last call, controlling our cost is a priority, given the challenging economic environment our industry is facing. Our Commercial Operations Group increased our hedge levels in 2011 and continues to look for opportunities to catch the odd years of favorable prices. We successfully transitioned to the Nodal Market in ERCOT and began integrating Green Mountain Energy and the Cottonwood combined cycle plant into our portfolio. With respect to our projects under construction, the Indian River Unit 4 environmental back-end control project continues to be on track and on budget to be operational by January 2012. Our Middletown project in Connecticut received all major equipments in the fourth quarter and continues to be on schedule for operation this summer. Finally, the El Segundo Energy Center completed aboveground demolition of two existing units and secured major equipment orders. El Segundo is on track to be operational by the summer of 2013. Turning to our plant performance metrics on Slide 14. Safety continues to be our number one priority. We are very proud to report that we achieved top decile in the industry, making 2010 our best OSHA recordable year. We have 25 sites with no injuries and nine sites certified or recertified as OSHA VPP Star worksites. Net generation decreased by 6% in the fourth quarter due to mild weather across Texas and a 22-day on-plan outage at STP Unit 2 during the month of November. The forced outage event was the result of a breaker failure during routine testing and was extended to repair a reactor coolant pump seal. In order to prevent recurrence, similar electric components were checked in both units. Unit 2 has operated without any issues since it was brought back to service on November 26. For the full year, net generation was flat from 2009 levels. Increased generation in the Northeast and South Central regions driven by the strong summer weather and the addition of Cottonwood, were offset by lower generation in California and Texas.  For 2010, our coal fleet availability finished the year above the sub-quarter performance level for the industry. WA Parish led the fleet with 92.6% availability factor, and Limestone had the best reliability for the year, with a 1.6% forced outage rate. Our FORNRG 2.0 program exceeded the 2010 goal by $49 million, and it is on track to achieve our goal of $150 million by 2011, one year earlier than planned. Savings were achieved through a combination of reliability, capacity and efficiency improvements at generating assets and cost savings across our corporate and regional groups. Turning to our retail operations on Slide 15, we closed out the year with another strong quarter. Volumes and margins were consistent with our forecast, while Operations delivered better-than-expected asset management and lower operational costs.  The Mass segment continues to drive segment improvement in net customer attrition with a 57% reduction in the fourth quarter versus 2009. This result was driven by marketing, sales and introduction of innovative products to meet our customer needs. In 2010, we led Texas in innovation, enrolling over 175,000 customers on our Reliant e-Sense product and services that utilize smart grid technology. We also introduced new and unique offers like carbon-state [ph] and home protection products, adding not only incremental EBITDA but increased customer stickiness. We continue to maintain the lowest PUC customer complaint rate while balancing customer counterpricing. Throughout 2010, we aligned to successfully demonstrate that we have stabilized customer attrition and expect to achieve zero net attrition in 2011. In the C&I segment, both renewal and new deal win rates continue to improve. We have expanded our business in several Northeast states where we can leverage existing energy assets and increase product offerings to include products such as backlog generation. These provides a solid platform to grow our business in 2011. Business continues to show some fundamentals as you can see on Slide 16. Weather-normalized demand grew by 2% year-on-year and ERCOT set a new winter peak low of 57 kilowatts in February, an increase of almost 2.5% from the previous record. I'd like to take this opportunity to address the events in Texas on February 2. The men and women of NRG Texas worked very hard to help meet the high demand for electricity due to the extreme cold conditions, increasing our generation by more than 60% from the previous day. Although we had some operational issues, of the approximately 9,500 megawatts of power we had available in Texas during the low-shed event, we maintained between 97% and 91% of that capacity online. I want to thank all our employees in Texas for their dedication and extraordinary efforts during these events. Now moving on to reserve volumes in ERCOT, we see a positive feature of our generation portfolio with reserved margins tightening faster than expected. This is to some extent reflected in the forward heat rates, as you can see on the chart on the lower right-hand quarter. We believe this trend will continue, given the robust growth and the expectation that asset retirement will outpace new builds. We have not seen as much coal-to-gas switching in Texas as we have in the Northeast and Southeast regions. In fact, cash generation was down year-on-year due to increases in new coal and wind generation in Texas. In the Northeast, the back-end market continues to make some news. In New York, the recent FERC order to increase cost of new entry should provide a boost to capacity prices in New York City and rest of state, benefiting our New York portfolio. In PJM, prices remain uncertain until more clarity is given around the minimum offer price rule, the subsidized generation in New Jersey and Maryland and review demand outlook. Moving on to Slide 17, you can see our detailed plan to control air emissions for each of our coal plants. As stated in our last earnings call, our plan is to invest approximately $720 million through 2015 in environmental projects tailored to comply with future regulations.  Just to remind everyone, the proposed CAIR rule does not require additional capital for compliance. The HAP MACT proposed rule should be released in mid-March, and as you can see in the table, our plant considers mercury controls on all our coal units. Intake modifications and repowering are expected to meet once for cooling requirements. We only have dry fly ash disposals at our all coal facilities. And finally, in most of our facilities, we burn low sulfur, low chlorine PRB coal. Moving on to our hedge profile and commodity sensitivities on Slide 18. Our baseload portfolio is now 100% hedged in 2011 and 50% hedged in 2012, providing the protection in the short term where gas prices continue to be weaker given the oversupply situation. Beyond 2012, we choose to remain significantly open.  After two years of low gas prices, we believe the downside risk is limited. Our combination of incremental demand from the power sector, particularly in light of possible coal plant retirements, some signs of the interest rate by producers, indication that drilling to home acreage may be ending, and a move from dry to wet gas production will provide better opportunities to catch our baseload portfolio in the future. With respect to retail, we have increased our pipe load to 66% in 2011 from 57% in the third quarter. We continue to match as much generation load as possible to start maximum synergies between our retail and wholesale portfolios. Our power and coal hedges continue to be well managed in 2011 and 2012. Given the shape of the coal curve and steep contango, we have not added any additional occasions since the last quarter. We also remain well hedged in terms of coal transportation now for some time.  Our sensitivity to commodity prices is agreeable for 2011, with 2012 to 2015 largely unchanged from last quarter. Let me remind you that this sensitivity is around our baseload portfolio. Interest expense, our portfolio is well-positioned to benefit, particularly, in the Texas and South Central regions.  With that, I will turn it over to Chris who will discuss our financial results.
Christian Schade: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning. Beginning with the financial summary on Slide 20, full-year 2010 adjusted EBITDA was $2.514 billion, just shy of the record 2009 adjusted EBITDA of $2.618 billion and within our previously stated guidance of $2.5 billion to $2.55 billion. As a result of our continued strong operating performance, adjusted cash flow from operations for 2010 was robust at $1.76 billion. The company's liquidity position at year end, excluding funds deposited by counterparties, stood at nearly $4.3 billion, a $458 million increase from December 31, 2009, liquidity of approximately $3.8 billion. Our cash balance at year end 2010 available for both working capital as well as our 2011 capital allocation program was approximately $2.9 billion. Now turning to a summary of our 2011 guidance in Capital Allocation Plan. First, we reaffirmed the preliminary 2011 EBITDA guidance range of $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. Second, and as part of our 2011 capital allocation program, we are planning to repurchase $180 million of common stock, and complete $240 million of term loan debt repayments and $39 million for additional facilities, all of which is consistent with NRG's commitment to return excess capital to its stakeholders. Third, in 2011, in addition to the amount deferred from 2010 as a result of extending the cash grant availability, we are currently planning to commit an additional $640 million of net investment to advance our Repowering and renewable development program, particularly, utility-scale solar. Now turning to a more detailed review of 2010 adjusted EBITDA result from Slide 21. The company reported near record results of $2.514 billion adjusted EBITDA, only $104 million lower than the 2009 adjusted EBITDA of $2.618 billion. These results were achieved despite the decline in forward prices across all of our regions and clearly benefited from our wholesale generation hedging program and the continued strong performance of Reliant Energy.  During the year, Reliant Energy contributed $711 million of adjusted EBITDA. Comparatively, these results are lower by $158 million from 2009 as we overlined for only eight months of that year. The year-on-year decline was driven by an 18% decline in Mass margins, which were the direct result of price reductions enacted following the acquisition, as well as lower margins on customer renewals and new customer acquisitions reflective of the competitive market. All told, for 2010, Reliant saw net customer attrition rates improve to 0.4% from 0.7% in 2009 with total customers at year end steady at 1.5 million. The wholesale business meanwhile generated $1.8 billion in adjusted EBITDA, $173 million lower as compared to a record 2009 EBITDA of $1.976 billion. The comparative year-to-date decline is largely explained by a 32% drop in baseload hedge prices in the Northeast, as well as lower margins in Texas, caused by a 60% increase in fuel costs, due largely to higher coal transportation costs at our WA Parish facility. These results were partially offset by an increase in adjusted EBITDA of $28 million from the South Central region due to increases in generation and contracted sales. Also increasing adjusted EBITDA were our newly acquired assets, including Green Mountain Energy, Cottonwood, Northwind Phoenix, South Trent Wind Farm, as well as the full year of operations from the Blythe solar project. For the fourth quarter, the company reported adjusted EBITDA results of $444 million, a $45 million decline versus 2009. Reliant Energy contributed $117 million of adjusted EBITDA compared to $104 million for the fourth quarter of 2009. Reliant's quarterly results were favorable $13 million driven by an improvement in operating costs primarily due to better customer payment habits as related to a decrease in bad debt expense. In the fourth quarter of 2010, our Wholesale Generation business contributed $327 million of adjusted EBITDA, a $58 million decline compared to fourth quarter '09. The change in results can largely be attributed to the following items: In the Northeast region, 35% lower hedge prices and a 25% decrease in generation resulting in a $57 million decline in energy margins quarter-over-quarter. The decrease in generation was largely a result of coal-to-natural gas switching and offsetting this decline in energy margins were favorable year-on-year operating and maintenance expenses of $13 million. In Texas, the 10% decline in generation at the Limestone and WA Parish facilities due to lower power prices and reduced demand led to a 6% decline in overall generation for the region. Offsetting this decline were favorable year-on-year operating expenses of $17 million that included gain on land sales of $6 million in 2010. Now turning to Slide 22. As I mentioned a moment ago, total liquidity at year-end 2010 excluding funds deposited by hedged counterparts remained strong at nearly $4.252 billion. Total cash stood at $2.959 billion, an increase of $653 million as compared to the 2009 year-end cash balance of $2.3 billion. The drivers of the cash increase included adjusted cash from operations of $1.76 billion and debt proceeds of $1.317 billion.  These increases were offset by several items: First, five completed acquisitions totaling about $1 billion, which included $507 million for Cottonwood generation station, $357 million for Green Mountain, $100 million for Northwind Phoenix, $32 million for South Trent Wind Farm and for the U.S. solar portfolio, 720 megawatts of development projects in nine states in California and Arizona. Second, debt and fee payments totaling $813 million, including Term Loan B payments of $453 million and a repayment of a common stock fund or CSF of $190 million. And third, capital expenditures excluding NINA of $445 million, including $199 million of maintenance, $184 million of environmental, primarily related to the Indian River Air Quality Control System project, and $62 million of growth investments. For the full year, we made cash contributions to NINA totaling $170 million primarily in the first half of 2010. And finally, we completed share repurchases of 8.5 million shares, totaling $180 million. Now turning to 2011 guidance on Slide 23. Our EBITDA guidance remains unchanged from our November 24 range of $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. Included in this guidance range are wholesale expectations of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, retail expectations of $480 million to $570 million, and Green Mountain of $70 million to $80 million. As Mauricio discussed earlier, we are about 100% hedged on our baseload generation for 2011 and are thus comfortable with our forecasted results. As we look forward to our Wholesale business in 2012, we are currently in excess 50% hedged with a higher average price in 2011 as indicated in our SEC filings. Due to this position and based on the current forward curves, we expect flat to marginally lower year-on-year wholesale results in 2012 from 2011. These results will be supplemented with adjusted EBITDA of $85 million from our repowering and solar investments in 2012 that are not subject to market fluctuations. For our retail business in 2011, our current expectations, assuming normal weather, are an EBITDA range of $480 million to $570 million, the decrease in 2011 guidance compared to current 2010 results is largely explained by lower unit margins in Reliant's Mass business. Reliant's C&I business margins are also expected to decline slightly, but be directly offset by higher terawatt-hours served, reflecting our continued dedication to this growing client base in both Texas and PJM. Finally, we expect Green Mountain Energy to contribute $70 million to $80 million of EBITDA. We are very excited about enhancing the growth prospects for our Green Energy Retail business during the process of integrating the business with our growing renewables portfolio to enhance these future growth prospects. During our Q3 earnings call, we discussed the 2011 free cash flow guidance of $425 million to $625 million, and we now currently anticipate free cash flow for 2011 to be in a range of $150 million to $350 million. The difference in guidance is largely explained by certain timing of solar projects, due to Congress extending the availability of cash grants for renewable projects through 2011. NRG postponed its large investments in solar projects from 2010 to 2011, resulting in $267 million of solar expenditures pushed into '11 and relates primarily to our Agua Caliente, Ivanpah and CVSR solar projects. As we often like to emphasize, we are in a strong cash flow position based on Friday's closing stock price of $20.89 and our affirmed outlook. Free cash flow before growth yield currently stands at between 16% to 20%, or $3.36 to $4.17 per share. Slide 24 shows the company's projected 2011 year-end cash position which we project to be about $2.5 billion. Beginning with the portion of the Capital Allocation Plan that includes share repurchases and debt repayments in 2011, the company intends to repurchase $180 million of common stock, which is within the constraint of the restricted payments basket; repay $240 million of debt related to our Term Loan B agreement; and approximately $39 million in other facilities. It's important to note that the company made a Term Loan B prepayment in November that totaled $200 million.  And finally, complete $907 million of capital allocation in the following projects: $50 million in NINA; $219 million for other Repowering investments including El Segundo, GenConn Middletown, eVgo, Texas Reliability and Princeton Hospital and $638 million for solar projects, net of cash grant proceeds, and including the $267 million of deferred payments from 2010. During the third quarter conference call, I also mentioned that we usually maintain a minimum cash balance of $700 million largely for working capital margin requirements, the timing of cash payments, of interests, property taxes, as well as equity for projects we have under construction throughout the year. Thus, for 2011, we estimate a balance of just over $1.8 billion to allocate between perhaps additional share repurchases, contingent on the restricted payments basket expansion, further investments of high-growth opportunities and continued opportunistic management of our debt structure.  On January 11, the company issued $1.2 billion of 7 5/8 senior notes due 2018 and announced the simultaneous cash tender for $1.2 billion of the outstanding 7 1/4 senior notes due 2014. As of January 25, nearly 945 million bonds have tendered, and the remaining 250 million will be redeemed by the end of February pursuant to the embedded coal price. As a result, we've improved our debt maturity profile, all of our public debt matures after 2016, and replace the restricted covenant package with one permitting greater efficiency and flexibility to return value to all NRG stakeholders.  On a go forward basis, we will continue to moderately embed in calls in the 2016 and '17 maturities and be opportunistic about replacing those bonds with less restricted covenant packages, similarly to how we handle the 2014 maturity. Looking at NRG's combined Repowering and Solar portfolio and our EBITDA contribution on Slide 25, you can clearly see the benefit of the program with nearly $550 million of recurring contribution by 2015. During the fourth quarter, our El Segundo Repowering project received prior approval from the California Public Utilities Commission for a ten-year Power Purchase Agreement with Southern California Edison. Commercial operation's expected in the summer of 2013. Our large utility-scale solar projects will also begin to reach commercial operations between the summer of '13 and the first quarter of 2014, and these projects collectively are driving this EBITDA growth. These solar investments are attractive for their high-teens returns, very low construction risks and offtake agreement of 20-plus years with highly rated counterparties. We will continue to provide updates on the progress of these projects as they move into construction and operation. As we continue to invest and grow our solar portfolio, it's important to highlight a few economic benefits created with these projects. Slide 26 shows how the combination of cash grant, maker's depreciation and strong cash flows from the PPAs for our projects result in a payback for our investments, in some cases by 2014, and retain stable cash flows for the remaining term of the PPAs.  Though we believe there will be a turnaround in commodity markets, we are mindful of our ability to create enough taxable income for us to fully absorb tax benefits created by these solar investments. There is clearly a limit to how much tax efficiency we could absorb in any one year before reducing the total project returns. As such, to both minimize the tax leakage and enhance our returns, in 2011, we will pursue new equity investors for our solar portfolio, who have both the appetite for tax benefits and seek investment to one of the largest utility-scale solar portfolios in the world. New equity investors would not only help to optimize our existing tax position but allow us to continue to invest in future projects with high returns. We expect to launch this initiative soon and look forward to sharing the progress in the future. Now I'll pass it back to David for final comments.
David Crane: Thank you, Chris, and thank you, Mauricio. And so in conclusion, on Slide 28, we put what we think are some of the value drivers around the investment proposition at NRG. And it starts with the fact that 2 1/2 years into the commodity price down cycle, it appears to us that the end is in sight, the bottom of the trough has been reached, and the only way to go is up. When or how quickly gas prices will recover remains open to conjecture, but the case for rising heat rates in our core market of Texas is clear and compelling. And we've positioned our portfolio and our hedge both to benefit from that upturn. Second, even in a political environment that has turned more conservative in the past year, market mandates for renewable generation and for solar power in particular, remain well supported in both the red and blue states. And the result for us has been a fast-growing portfolio of projects that will contribute substantially to shareholder value creation over the short to medium-term. Finally, there's the inherent value unique amongst our peer group of Wholesale generation combined with the leading retail position. While we have executed to such great success in Texas, together with Reliant, we are now in position to replicate with Green Mountain in the fast-growing green and retail energy sector. It's a bright future indeed, and for all of us at NRG, we'll strive to realize its vantage on behalf of the shareholders of NRG. So Deanna, with that, we'd be happy to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Daniel Eggers, Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: David, I was just trying to marry up some of the comments made about some of the solar investment opportunities. If I look at Slides 25 and 26, the cash investment and then the earnings contribution you guys show there, is that based on the things that are in hand right now, or is there a assumption of the amount of incremental projects who would have to get signed this year to help get to those numbers?
David Crane: I think what we're showing, Chris, correct me if I'm wrong, is the Tier 1, which are projects, which in my personal estimation are ones that have a 90-plus percent chance of achieving financial closure.
Christian Schade: Yes, that's actually correct, Dan.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: So these are things that are already in place, and this would be less contribution than what you said in your comments earlier, David, about having equity investment and solar greater than what you do see in South Texas ultimately?
David Crane: I'm sorry. Say it again?
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: So this earnings contribution represents an investment less than what you think you can get to from the solar perspective based on your comments earlier in the presentation?
David Crane: I mean there are more projects behind this portfolio.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: When do you see the opportunity this year to announce off projects? And how would you see this sell down equity go as far as changing the earnings contribution profile from these projects? And how much could you sell down, do you think?
Christian Schade: Well, we're going to get to how much we can sell down as we move through the process. But very clearly, any amount we sell down will sort of be a pro rata reduction in EBITDA. And so depending on how much we do, we'll certainly let you know. But we do believe that the sell down will allow us to provide incremental more equity into other projects we have yet to announce. But what David said, we’re on the bubble given the benefits from the government largesse, which we think still exist but perhaps will run out in the next couple years. And those projects will also be assumed as sort of returns consistent with what we've seen to date.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And I guess one last question just on South Texas. David, if you could maybe just -- we go through the numbers as far as how much cash you expect to throw off in the project, and then to clarify that, contribution's based on kind of the pricing you'd need it to be able to receive in order to earn economic return on that project?
David Crane: Well, so you're saying you're -- Dan, you're actually looking forward to 2016 and '17? Yes, I mean, looking at Page 10, I mean, through the first few years, when we've talked about receiving $500 million of cash, that's based on our view on where gas prices go, which is, obviously, some way up from where they are now, sort of into the $6 to $7 range. Having said that, Dan, we've stressed the returns on the nuclear project from an IRR perspective, sort of $4 gas in perpetuity model. And the IRR in the project, it would still be in double digits, but obviously, the higher gas prices, the better we do. But it works, the numbers work even at a $4 gas environment. And the reason that is the case, Dan, is because, obviously, the tax benefits associated with nuclear project, particularly, the production tax credits, meaning that through the first several years of the nuclear project, the economics are more driven actually by the tax benefits than they are by the price of electricity.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Do you see IRR as working in $4 gas to the equivalent of a mid-30s power price, you would see the plant being economic?
David Crane: In a $4 gas, the plant is, yes. I mean, again, it's a low-teen return. I'm not sure that -- it's not the return we're seeking, but it's not a single digit return or a negative return.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Ameet Thakkar, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Mauricio, you kind of indicated that the path with hedging, despite, I guess, some uptick in heat rates in Texas and you also didn’t do much in the way of coal as well. I mean is your expectation that PRB prices should follow gas down? Or are you guys a little bit more neutral on gas at this point?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, if you look at our hedge profile, the next few years, we're pretty well hedged on both sides, so power and coal. We can justify the contango that exists with the coal curve. And given the inventory that we have and the hedge profile, we think that we can weigh to be more opportunistic about when to catch the coal prices. With respect to gas, we continue to see further declines in the front part of the curve, which we've been pretty well insulated. But as I mentioned in my remarks, I mean, I think when you look at 2012 and beyond, and where those price levels are, we see very little downside risk from that. And we think that there are several factors that are converging that could potentially move gas prices, assuming they could be higher than where they are today.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then David, real quick on STP. I just want to make sure I understood, I guess, some of your answers to the previous questions. You see returns in kind of the teens area, given the $4 gas for STP?
David Crane: Yes, so the returns would be in the teens area in the $4, in perpetuity model. Again, this is based on the idea that we're running a model where there's roughly 1,000 megawatts of power sold by long-term contract, and the rest is taken into the merchant market. So the $4 gas would apply to the 2,000 in the merchant market. And yes, you're right, what it shows is a return in the teens, in that sensitivity. I would also tell you, Ameet, both in response to your question and I should say to Dan, also, we run this with no value associated to the zero-carbon aspect of it, so the price on carbon directly or indirectly would be on top of this.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then so is like the 1,000 megawatts of PPA cover, I guess, under that analysis, is that really kind of the goal to kind of continue to move forward and not exit, I guess, exit land for on Slide 9?
David Crane: Well, Ameet, almost as a -- I mean, from the beginning, I think that we have said to our investor base that we, at least, would not proceed with the project unless there was a significant amount of long-term offtake associated with the project. And so, roughly 1,000 megawatts has been something we talked about from the beginning. On top of that, Ameet, the conditional loan guarantee, if and when it's announced, it's called a conditional loan guarantee because there are conditions associated with it. And probably the most substantive condition, the condition we would be focused on is that the government would require us to have approximately that same amount of long-term offtake agreement contracted, which was a condition, again that we were happy to agree with the government on since we had said that we wouldn’t go forward with it either. So that's why we would be doing that.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Ted Durbin, Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: If I could just ask a little bit about the capital allocation. You're obviously coming out of 2010 here with a high cash balance. I'm just trying to understand a little bit better the allocation of the capital towards the renewables and whatnot, maybe extending that relative to between cash to stakeholders. Could you just talk a little bit more about that?
Christian Schade: As we said, we're committing to a $180 million stock repurchase, and that's within the confines of our restrictive payment basket. We're also going to be making required debt repayments under our term loan program, Term Loan B program. We've also earmarked potential investment in our solar projects, and these are projects which we had -- some of which we're announced late last year and early this year and would be subject to the cash grant program under the government. So all of those projects and repowering projects from El Segundo and GenConn Middletown. But those are the programs at least that were part of the capital allocation program for this year. That's what we've announced. We have $1.8 billion after which we would be able to deploy into additional repowering should they be available and new solar projects that we see on the horizon, as I've said before, all of which offer us the opportunity for very attractive returns.
David Crane: And just to add, Ted, I think you phrased the question almost as if it was an either/or, and I guess that may be a little different. I mean, given the company's free cash flow generation and the cash we have on hand, we haven't really seen it as an either/or. In terms of returning capital to shareholders through the share buyback, we do as much as we can under the restrictive payment basket. Over the past years, we've constantly evaluated whether or not we could negotiate a way to have more room to do more, but the expense of doing that has always made that impractical. So from our perspective, it has not been an either/or decision. It's been do both.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Does that cost of getting the ability to do more of a buyback, you're still seeing that as not worth the expense of getting that?
Christian Schade: That's right. We think the expense to negotiate with the bondholders is being punitive. And as I said in the prepared remarks, the approach that we took on the 2014 maturity to wait for the calls to come due than to call away and refinance was we felt unattractive and a cost-beneficial way to do it. We have calls coming up in February for the 2016 maturity which we'll keep an eye on. The 2017 are not yet callable, will be so within a year. The high-yield market remains very attractive from financing perspectives, so we'll continue to look at that closely. But just to further what David said, with the excess cash in addition to the $180 million as we said, we'll certainly consider future stock repurchases if it can fall within the confines of hedging expansion we see in our restrictive payments basket throughout the year as well.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I appreciate the commentary on sort of the assets side. It sounds like you're not seeing the values on the CCGT side that you were before, but you did do the Cottonwood transaction. Are there other holes in your portfolio, where you say, "Geez, we'd really like to add some mid-merit assets whether it's more in South Central or whatnot?" And kind of talk about where you'd like to build up the portfolio.
David Crane: Well, I think the place where we'd like to build up the portfolio, and again, we've been fairly -- well, it took us six years to execute on the idea that we needed a load following plant in South Central. So just because I say this, I don't want you to think any sort of announcement’s around the corner, because I'm actually skeptical that we can achieve anything. But we would definitely like to have some more baseload-following capability in PJM, particularly Eastern PJM. Having said that, we don't have any optimism about anything coming available in that footprint that we would find probably at a reasonable price. But we keep our ear to the ground. I would say that has been our single greatest priority second to backing up Big Cajun, which we've now achieved with Cotton.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Jonathan Arnold, Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: My question is, on STP, you believe the option for the second 10%, the TEPCO would take -- had a May expiration date on it, we recall from the original 8-K. But is there a similar date around the base 10% investment that's contingent on the loan guarantee acceptance? Is May a kind of drop-dead date for that whole arrangement with TEPCO?
David Crane: I don't believe there's a drop-dead date. And John, Tokyo Electric well understands the pace of development. I don't want to speak to them, but I think their enthusiasm for participating in this project is unchanged from when we announced the deal a year ago. So I don't remember any sense of date, but I have a very high level of confidence that if the loan guarantee comes that Tokyo Electric will participate in the project.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And can you also give us a sense of -- well, obviously, your contribution is relatively small over this '11, '12 period. What would the $25 million in '12 be absent additional sell downs? And maybe some kind of sense of how much is actually being spent on the project itself during this next couple of years.
Christian Schade: Well, what it would be without the sell down, I'll have to get back to you on that. The amount of money that has to be invested towards in order for us to proceed is it's several hundred million dollars. But Jonathan, it's really hard to put it in those terms. Because like a good portion of it is long lead time materials in Japan which are actually funded with the credit facility from Toshiba. So maybe we can break out and provide it to you or do it next quarter. Just the development spend for now, in order for us to proceed against the sources of capital, because it's really not useful if you look at it as one-lump sum, because various things are paid for with different buckets of money.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And if I may just on one other topic, what indications are you getting from DOE on these discussions at a level of hedging through PPAs that would be acceptable to them on the project?
David Crane: Well, I think that the condition is very specific. And I think back, it's the same as I answered to Ameet. It's something just less than 1,000 megawatts.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Jay Dobson, Wunderlich Securities.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: I was hoping you could give us some insight into the offtake discussions. The local media's covered some interesting transactions, or at least, proposals that you had. So I'm just wondering if you can give us some insight into where things stand and sort of what your level of optimism is currently.
David Crane: It's a good question, and I think what I would say without -- I mean, it's difficult to comment with discussions that are underway. And in fact, normally, we don't comment on it but since as you said, there's been discussions by the public, I guess I should say some things. I would say, first of all, I think there's an openness, a willingness, and interest on several load-serving entities, large load-serving entities in the Texas market to talk about long-term offtake. And I would also say that the events of early February in Texas, where a part of the reason the state had rolling brownouts or even blackouts is because people couldn't get gas to some power plants, I think has reinforced the idea that having fuel diversity in the state is something that load-serving entities want to have. So there's a fairly high level of interest from various parties, but the big qualifier I always put on this question is, right now, as you say, it's really discussions. I mean, the project isn't really real to off-takers until we have a loan guarantee. So I would describe anything that we're doing with any counterparty at this point is being preliminary. And so that's what I would tell you. And based on what we're being told by the camp, their interest level, I'm guardedly optimistic. But mainly, my main attitude towards all this is, let's wait and see what happens when the loan guarantee's announced, because that's when ourselves and our counterparties are going to have to get down to business, and people are going to have to make commitments on both sides. So that's the main thing, and what we're trying to empathize here is that, that phase, and hopefully that phase will begin within the coming weeks, is something that basically needs to be resolved by the summer so that we can all have clarity as within the company and U.S. investors and analysts as to where we stand vis-à-vis this project.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: As an unrelated follow-up, on the solar side, I'm not sure if this is good for your or for Chris. I assume in addition to selling an equity stake, you'd consider selling a tax equity there, and how do you consider those two alternatives?
Christian Schade: Yes, very much so. I think the equity stake that we are contemplating is tax equity, it's a structuring issue. But we're certainly looking to pass off the tax attributes that are generated from this portfolio to tax equity investors. I think, one thing as a follow-up to a question before is that we’d certainly be looking to sell this equity at a premium. The returns that we're seeing perhaps from these investors are below the expected returns that we see in the high-teens, and so that sort of premium or IRR arbitrage gain will certainly benefit us in having development premium for this. But our goal here both is to bring equity into these projects and also, to lay off some of the tax that perhaps, does not necessarily accrue to NRG.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: And Chris just a last follow-up, the capacity of the RP basket at year end?
Christian Schade: It was about $160 million. So the $180 million that we announced today will be spread out for a couple of quarters.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Brandon Blossman, Tudor, Pickering Holt & Co.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I guess just a follow-up on the tax equity question, probably for Chris. Just to be clear, is the tax equity partner or sell down required to optimize the tax benefits of the current solar portfolio, or is that something you need to do to increase the size of that portfolio?
Christian Schade: I think it's not necessarily required. I think it benefits the returns of the portfolio and allows us to continue to invest in the space. As David said, we're seeing a lot of opportunities elsewhere, and I think when we start to layer on other utility-sized projects in addition to what we have, there is a limit to the capacity of tax attributes that we can assume. So we think it's important. We're seeing a lot of interest and opportunities to invest in this space by sort of nontraditional investors who want to get green, and so we think it's a big opportunity for us, who are certain taxpayers as well. So it's for us to check a lot of boxes along the way. First and foremost to optimize our tax position in appropriate years, as well as to allow us to continue to invest in the space.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And how does that dovetail with STP's tax attributes? Is that far enough out so that there's no overlap here or concerns about maximizing that value?
Christian Schade: It is far enough out that we're not perspiring about the tax attributes that it generates. But certainly, it's a topic that we will address at due time. And also, would speak to our underlying business that we hope and certainly think will grow enough to burn through these NOLs and to continue to generate the taxable asset side in those years. So we're confident of that.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And David, as a follow up, not that anyone wants this to happen, but if there is an exit ramp for STP, can you describe what that looks like? Is there a project to be had at some point in the future, given that this is a particularly attractive development project?
David Crane: Well, Brandon, I guess, what I would say, on a few fronts. I mean it sort of depends on which exit ramp you're talking about. And I'm just speculating on things which of course, we don't hope to happen. I mean from my perspective, I think if something happens during this year that caused the entire project to go away, we would probably finish the licensing process, which is a small fraction of the overall development spend. But we're so far along with the NRC that to stop it this close to the end would not make sense. But beyond that, would the project go forward? I think it depends on which exit ramp it is. And again, I don't mean to speak for the other partners, because I want to emphasize every NRG investor on the call. We do not have the right to kill the STP 3 & 4 project. We just have the right to stop our own financial contribution to it. But I would say, if the exit ramp is that, actually it turns out that there is no loan guarantee in the offing -- I haven't actually asked this question directly, but I think our partners in Japan -- and we would be aligned that there would be, that the project would stop if there's no hope of a federal loan guarantee. If on the other hand, there was a federal loan guarantee, but we were taking the exit ramp because we were unable to lineup the offtake, I don't know what our partners would do in that circumstance. Maybe they would continue with the project, that would be their prerogative to do. I just know that if we don't have that offtake arrangement, then we will stop funding.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And that would be not the 1,000 megawatts, but isn't that predicated on the loan guarantee or the loan guarantee predicated on the 1,000 megawatts?
David Crane: It is, but one of the reasons why I don't know -- I don't remember the exact terms, the exact words of the conditional loan guarantee, but I know that we do not have the opportunity at NRG to solve for the offtake arrangement, because I think the condition is offtake agreements with investment grade offtakers. Our Japanese partners who are investment grade would have that opportunity should they so choose to correct that on their own. We don't have that type of power, so that's not a question for us.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Brian Chin, Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: What's the rough range of construction cost estimates in dollar per KW for the solar PV facilities that you are seeing, and also for the solar thermal side?
Christian Schade: The range, well, I think we would say that the range right now is 3,500 to 4,000 per KW, and I don't know, that would be for the PV -- I can't tell you -- the solar thermal would probably be in the same range.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: And then would it be fair to say that $4 sustaining perpetual natural gas price environment that you'd still see solar generating returns in the double digits as well? And is it higher or lower than nuclear?
David Crane: Well, we haven't compared them side-by-side. I think it's fair to say that like nuclear, the solar projects, at this point, the economics are very heavily driven by the tax benefits. But beyond that, the real difference between the two is that every solar project we're doing is completely not merchant. It's totally PPA. So I don't think -- in fact, when we talk about taking the company's financial performance and sort of de-linking it to natural gas prices, we put renewables together with retail in parts of our EBITDA stream that are not associated with natural gas prices, because of the fact that all of the economics are derived from long-term PPAs.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Can you talk just a little bit about from your perspective, what the FERC's order in the New York ISO and the capacity market situation up there? What's changed longer-term, and how much of a positive is that for you guys, or is that even material?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean it's definitely material. It's difficult to say what is the ultimate impact, because I think the variables are still being flushed out. But the three main changes was the recognition of state taxes and the cost of new entry calculation, inter-connection costs and then the energy offsets. So when you put those three together, you basically have higher cost of new entry, which will push capacity prices for both New York City and the whole state. This will benefit our New York portfolio, but at this point I can't give you the specific mind into it.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Anthony Crowdell, Jefferies.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies & Co: Just a quick question on the, I guess, the cold stub that hit Texas earlier this month. And it seem like there wasn't much of an impact on the generation side, but was there any impact to the margins that Reliant expected or anything on the quarter?
Jason Few: This is Jason. From the retail side, we actually, faired fairly well through this event. I mean, our hedging strategy and risk policies served as well during the event. We did not see material impact to our business.
Operator: In interest of time, we have time for two more callers. And the next question will come from the line of Charles Fishman, Pritchard Capital Partners.
Charles Fishman - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC: Your five-year environmental capital plan, Page 17, I want to make sure I understand this. The $720 million includes your view of what the math might be, which is less than worst-case, number one. And number two is there are no dollars in the $720 million to address once thru cooling. Is that correct?
David Crane: No, actually, there is some dollars for 316(b) through the installation of extremes. We’ve been very successful in New York, in Arthur Kill and Huntley and Dunkirk to address this issue. So while it addresses the Mercury and asymmetric controls across all our coal assets, it also addresses the 316(b).
Charles Fishman - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC: And if we do end up with the worst case math, I mean could this number increase 50%? Or do you have any feel for that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, we actually disclosed that on our last earnings call. And I believe it's about $1 billion -- just shy of $1 billion. If it was the worst case scenario, in terms of unit-specific controls, no averaging. And we just don't believe the EPA will go that route. But the rule is going to come out, the proposal is going to come out in about a month, and I think it’s just prudent to wait before we make any changes.
Operator: And there are no more questions in queue at this time.
David Crane: Okay, well, good. Well, thank you all very much, and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you, operator.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's presentation. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2010 NRG Energy Earnings Conference Call. My name is Zumira, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn this conference over to your host for today's call, Ms. Nahla Azmy, SVP of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Zumira. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2010 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will be available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow up. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is November 4, 2010, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by introducing my colleagues here participating in this presentation. I’m joined by Mauricio Gutierrez, our Chief Operating Officer; and by Chris Schade, our Chief Financial Officer. Also available to answer your questions will be Jason Few, who runs our Reliant Retail Business on our behalf; and Chris Moser, who is responsible for commercial operations at NRG. So to begin, as we know, the equity markets are relentlessly forward-looking, so I am going to spend most of my time looking forward as well. I do want to go over for a moment, and you should be looking at Slide 3, if you're following along in the presentation on what this company accomplished in the third quarter of 2010 and what we are in the process of accomplishing here today. We had another exceptionally strong performance with our second best-ever quarter from an EBITDA perspective with an able assist from favorable weather. But most importantly, thanks to our exceptional operating performance and robust hedge position, we largely mitigated the impact of gas prices trending relentlessly downward and heat rates moving sideways to post $777 million of adjusted EBITDA and $536 million of cash from operations. Certainly, our already strong current liquidity position was enhanced during the quarter by the bond financing that we did in August, but our liquidity was also strengthened as it has been for many quarters in a row by a very substantial contribution of free cash flow from the company's operating assets and businesses. Our strong performance year-to-date allows us to narrow our full year 2010 guidance to the top end of the present range. And while I had in my aspirations from the beginning of the year to reach the $2.6 billion level, which would've put us flat against our record-shattering performance in 2009, I am nonetheless very proud given the gravitational pull of near-term gas prices that we are on our way with performance in the $2.5 billion range. Indeed, you may recall that 12 months ago in the course of announcing an initial EBITDA guidance for 2010 of $2.2 billion, I conveyed to you that as a management team, we were not satisfied with that number. And we made a commitment to you, our shareholders, that we would not rest until we had improved substantially on that number. I feel that under the circumstances, we have delivered on that commitment. Today, I'm here to make another such commitment. As Chris will outline for you, we are initiating guidance for 2011 in the $2 billion range. Our financial prospects in the third year of commodity price recession, once again being subjected to the downward pressure of the significantly lower gas curve, our commitment to our shareholders again this year is that we will not rest until we have substantially improved our performance against the standard of this initial guidance. I can't promise you anything specific today with respect to our next fiscal year, which obviously doesn't begin for another two months. But if you check our record over the past six years, I think you will find that we have been pretty successful in exceeding expectations regarding our current operating and financial performance. I'd like to devote the remainder of my time to comment on a few important comments of our strategic positioning of this company, many of these areas of our business figure prominently in the thoughts of our investors since they have been introduced recently or will be in the near future. The company's strategic approach is in general terms depicted on Slide 4, five conventional priorities and five transformational green energy priorities. I feel that we've made significant progress against all ten of these priorities year-to-date. And during Q&A, I would be happy to talk about any or all of that. But due to time constraints, I'm going to limit my prepared remarks to the four Rs: reactors, renewables, retail and CCT acquisitions at a significant discount to replacement costs. Our goal in respect of our Conventional business, as shown on Slide 5, is to build our business on the foundation of a multi-fuel, across-the-merit-order, geographically advantaged generation portfolio at scale in each of our core markets. And in our principal market, which of course is Texas, matching up that diversified generation portfolio with the Retail Electricity business also at scale. As such, in this area, the four Rs are where much of our opportunity lay. In the case of new advanced nuclear power, there are two more Rs which are important. The first R is replacement power. Our nation's solid fuel base load fleet is very old and rapidly getting older as little to no new base load generation is being built. The oldest quartile of baseload generation this country needs to be replaced over the next decade. And given the development lead times for solid fuel generation, our view is that those of us who get started now will be advantaged. The final R stands for renaissance, and it's not yet clear how robust the nuclear renaissance will be here in the United States. But it is very clear that the world at large is well down the path towards a global nuclear renaissance worth hundreds of billions of dollars, if not trillions, and the owner or developers of the first new nuclear plant in the United States are going to have a very beneficial first mover advantage in that nuclear renaissance. But of course, the secure first mover advantage of the nuclear renaissance is you actually have to have a first mover project. The status of STP 3 & 4 has not changed significantly since our previous quarterly call. The lack of visible progress was to be expected since the gating item for most meaningful steps forward on the project, such as additional equity partners, has been and continues to be the DOE loan guaranty process and the related issue of funding appropriations. Since Congress has been in recess for most of the last three months, it's not surprising that there has been no development on the additional appropriation. Nonetheless, significant progress continue to be made on all key fronts below the surface. From the perspective of NRG shareholders, we believe you should evaluate the present arrangement with respect to STP as illustrated on Slide 6 as follows. NRG has a limited obligation at currently a $1.5 million a month, an obligation to our partners to contribute to ongoing development spend until the loan guaranty is received and accepted. Nonetheless, recognizing NRG's very substantial financial contribution to the project development today of approximately $315 million, including a significant amount, which was funded during the first half of this year as a result of NRG assuming CPS share of the overall development spend, the project remains fully on schedule. This is due to the much appreciated stepped up contribution of our partners or, and we remain very much in contention for the valuable nuclear loan guaranty from the Department of Energy. As such, during this phase, the STP 3 & 4 development should be perceived by earnings from shareholders as a low cost option on a very large benefit opportunity with clearly defined exit ramps. Of course, the news affecting nuclear development in the United States during the past several weeks has had little to do with STP and much to do with the Calvert Cliffs project and the loan guarantees we issued cited by Constellation as their reason for withdrawing from the project. What I would tell you is that notwithstanding the superficial similarities between the two projects, and this is shown on the left side of Slide 7, the two projects actually are structured very differently. Obviously, they are in different markets with different rates of projected base load growth, but also they involve different risk allocation with respect to technology, completion risk and merchant offtake. We do not yet know precisely how these differences will play into the government's analysis of the loan guaranty fee for STP, but the government is well aware of the structural differences because they have been discussed at length by us with the DOE. As I am trying to depict on the right side of this page, we believe we're in the midst of the final stage of the government's determination of this issue. And so hopefully, we will be in the position to advise our investors within a few weeks of the outcome. Moving on Slide 8. We have transaction spending to purchase high efficiency load volume CCGTs in three of our four core regions, and we continue to push towards a prompt closing of these transactions. We are highly confident that Cottonwood will close in the very near future and that while Cottonwood in and of itself will be fairly unspectacular in its near-term contribution to EBITDA, given the subdued commodity price environment, cottonwood will play in the essential role in enabling us to renew the portfolio long-term offtake arrangements that South Central has with its key co-op customers, recognizing that a significant number of these contracts are up for renewal in 2014. As to the Dynegy assets, we remain very comfortable with the bargain we struck back in August, and we want the transaction to proceed on its present terms. With the commodity price curve for natural gas, bumping along its cyclical bottom, it is a good time to acquire generation assets. We are highly confident if we get the opportunity to close the Dynegy transactions. And over the entire commodity price cycle, our investment will be money well spent and that this portfolio, headlined by the strategically and geographically advance Moss Landing 1 and 2 will be a successful investment on behalf of NRG shareholders. If the Blackstone acquisition does not proceed and the opportunity to buy the set of CCGTs disappears, we are equally confident that we have very attractive alternative uses for the liquidity that will be freed up. Not only is it a good time to invest in well located CCGT that price is well below replacement cost, it's a good time to invest in low risk, high return solar projects, and that's something I'm about to talk about. And It's always a good time particularly at the current depressed price levels to buy NRG stock. Of course, our stock price performance seems to be constrained by the drop in gas prices and the flattening of the gas curve more generally. However, that fundamental connection between natural gas prices and the financial prospects of ITPs hence overlook the fact that our Reliant Retail business is countercyclical to natural gas, and the $600 million of year-to-date EBITDA that we are reporting today demonstrates the resilience of that countercyclicality. We have previously guided the markets to think of reliance in our hands as a $300 million year "mid-cycle business" for the course. That concept is very broad brush and indeed somewhat meaningless outside of financial modeling since in my 20 years experience, the mid-cycle never seems to last for more than a millisecond either in the natural gas or the key rate market. What we have tried to depict on Slide 9 is a slightly more nuanced and hopefully a significantly more accurate view of the earnings power of Reliant as a function of the natural gas price cycle. The upside of this analysis is that rather than thinking about Reliant as a $300 million year EBITDA mid-cycle business, we believe the markets should think of Reliant as a $400 million to $500 million year EBITDA business in all flat to modestly probing gas price environments. When natural gas prices are sharply decreasing, Reliant's earnings power can spike above $600 million a year. When natural gas prices are sharply increasing, Reliant's earnings power will dip below $400 million a year, with $300 million being more of a baseline, absent some extraordinary event. Moving on to our green initiatives on Slide 10. Our purchase of Green Mountain Energy, has received all necessary approvals and is ready to be closed in the very near future. As a general comment, I want to emphasize how important I think Green Mountain and the Green Mountain brand is going to be in transforming NRG's alternative energy future by trying to get to our various renewable generation businesses and initiatives and tying them to Green Mountain's own substantial and growing green energy customers. In the fast-growing world of green energy, as depicted on Slide 11, there is no brand that comes within a country mile of Green Mountain. As a stand-alone business, divorced from any association with NRG's renewables project or any support of NRG's commercial operation theme, Green Mountain is a solid business with a healthy EBITDA contribution relative to the purchase price. As such, even on its own, it's a welcome addition to the portfolio. But beyond that, Green Mountain will allow NRG to offer a match green wholesale green retail product to green energy consumers that's truly unique. And this is important because while the idea of top down imposition of a carbon regime on the American public is dead on arrival in the New Washington, the American consumer trend toward sustainability is going to continue. And indeed, in my opinion, it accelerate, lead by thought leaders of the next generation. Success with Green Mountain for us starts with a successful integration. At NRG, our track record of quick, efficient and effective integration of new acquisitions is one of the things I'm proud of at this company, both in the case of Texas Genco and Reliant Retail, we've demonstrated that complex businesses could be brought into the NRG camp in a matter that not only was non-destructive but which enable the newly-acquired businesses to equal or exceed their business objectives, virtually form the very beginning. The single key to our success in this regard is our emphasis on enabling the new businesses to continue to focus on what they do best while letting us take care of the rest. In the weeks ahead, we will be working closely with Green Mountain on the integration of their business enterprise into NRG, focusing on our the priorities listed on Slide 12. We intend to protect, preserve and extend our green identity to secure their core financial performance and to prioritize their opportunities for profitable expansion to new regions and products but particularly in respect to new market segments. We believe NRG can ably assist Green Mountain to move further up the C&I ladder to sell to bigger and more expensive retail orientations, which themselves want to short up their own sustainability credentials with their own customer base. In short, I'm extremely excited on what Green Mountain and NRG can accomplish working together. So you should, as they say, stay tuned. Turning to the Wholesale side of our green equation on Slide 13, we have talked about the immense opportunity we see in the solar space. But so far, it has been mainly anticipatory. What you already have begun to see over the past couple of weeks with the announcement of construction at Avanol and Ivanpha is that our development effort is beginning to bear a fruit. If all goes according to plan, you should expect to hear significantly more in the weeks to come as conservatively more solar projects to our development pipeline complete the usual development process and proceed into the construction phase. As we've stated previously and repeat on Slide 14, we feel that our solar investment strategy, being a validly multi-technology, multi-vendor and initially focused on the utility-sized projects with very long-term PPAs, is the precisely right strategy to capitalize on the opportunities and incentives currently available to the solar industry. The equity return on these projects, particularly when you consider the lack of merchant risk, the complete absence of environmental risk and the minimal completion risk and construction time, are as attractive on a risk-adjusted basis as any that I have seen over the course of my 20 years in this industry. And finally, before handing over to Mauricio, let me emphasize that we are mindful that our solid financial performance year-to-date in 2010 and our successful positioning of the company to take advantage of the very attractive growth opportunities that will arise as our industry transforms itself in response to the society's demand for sustainability have not yet translated into improving our share price. And as a consequence, our shareholders have suffered. We will do everything within our power to bring about that improvement, and we believe that the main thing we can do is execute on our plan as effectively and as quickly as possible. As listed on Slide 15, we have a great deal on our plate over the next six to nine months, and we hope that successful execution against these priorities will serve as a springboard for share price appreciation. Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. As you all know, the third quarter is critical for both our generation and retail segments. This summer, we experienced some of the warmest weather on record across our Northeast, South Central and Texas regions. I am very pleased to report that we had another strong quarter from both an operational and financial perspective. Slide 17 highlights a few of the accomplishments achieved during the third quarter. As always, we remain focused on safety across the organization. And for the third quarter, we posted an ocean recordable rate of 0.88, a significant improvement from last summer and just shy of subsea levels. Our top performance improved across our entire fleet for the third quarter. Starting with our coal plant performance, the equivalent availability factor or EAF increased to 94.9% in the third quarter from 92.3% for the same period in 2009. This improvement was lead by our Limestone and facilities. Nuclear generation at STP had another outstanding quarter with 99% availability, and our oil and gas portfolio responded to the significant fees experienced in Texas, South Central and the Northeast by starting over 2,500x with a 99% reliability during these critical summer months. With respect to our construction projects, the Indian River environmental control project, continues to be on track and within budget to begin operations in January 2012. Our middle pound repowering project to build 200 megawatts of peaking capacity is somewhat scheduled to be operational by the summer of 2011. This is the second repowering project in our New England fleet. Our first project at Devon have been running successfully since it began operation this past summer. The BBA for El Segundo energy complex in California received CPUC approval in October. Demolition of work has started to make room for the construction of the new units, which I expected to be in service by the summer of 2013. Our core energy program stands at $83 million year-to-date and is on track to achieve the $98 million free cash flow goal for the year. Also, we have already identified projects and cost savings that will bring this program to completion by achieving the full goal of $150 million ahead of our 2012 for regional base. Finally, our commercial operations group took advantage of some market opportunity during this summer to increase our hedge profile in 2011, which I will discuss in more detail later in the presentation. In addition, they have successfully managed our retail supply under volatile market conditions, delivering strong financial results for two consecutive summers. Moving on to our client operations on Slide 18. Net generation increased by 8% this quarter over last year. This increase came primarily from our northeast plants, which benefited from lower than normal weather and a decreasing coal to gas switching, which was most prevalent in 2009. Also, nuclear generation was higher due to much improved availability from the third quarter of last year. Our base line portfolio, which includes both our coal and nuclear assets experienced significant reliability improvements during the third quarter compared to last year. Limestone and Indian River led the coal fleet with a clear and forced outage rates of 2.6% and 4%, respectively. Turning to our retail operations on Slide 19. We experienced another solid performance during the third quarter. Record weather in August and September across Texas created an opportunity to deliver higher volumes and stronger margin from our Mass segments. The Mass segment drove significant improvement in this customer attrition with the launch of the advertising campaign and innovative products. In addition, we maintained our low customer complaint rate through strong performance in retail operations. We continue to balance customer count and pricing to deliver higher than run rate margins that are more sustainable in the long term. In the C&I segment, we continue to improve win rates during the third quarter and extended the terms and diversity of our portfolio. Reliant remains the largest C&I provider in Texas, and we continue to leverage the strength of NRG to provide innovative products and services for our business customers. In summary, we're optimizing margin and customer count by delivering innovative products and excellent customer service. Turning to our hedge profile and commodity sensitivities on Slide 20. As illustrated in the chart on the upper left, we had increased our hedge profile for 2011 to 96% from 86% last quarter. This is consistent with our view that the gas markets continue to be under pressure given the high and resilient domestic production levels despite of low gas prices. With gas producers beginning to show some drilling restraint, hedged positions rolling off and indications that drilling to both acreage may be ending, we have chosen to remain relatively open beyond 2011 to benefit from an expected recovery in the gas markets. If we decide to add additional hedges in the other years, we would likely lean towards using option structures that allow us to participate in some upside, while protecting the portfolio for further decreases in gas prices. With respect to retail, we have increased our price, though, to 57% in 2011 from 50% in the second quarter. We continue to match as much generational load as possible to strike maximum synergies between our Retail and Wholesale portfolios. In order to match our incremental power hedges, our growth hedges increased over 2011 from 78% last quarter to 88% as illustrated on the upper right chart. We also remain well hedged in terms of coal transportation for some time. We continue to limit our commodity price sensitivity in 2011 as illustrated in the lower left chart with 2012 to 2013 through '15 largely unchanged. Moving on to Slide 21. The quarter-on-quarter demand growth for continues to the positive trend for the weather normalized load growth for the year at around 2%. In August, set multiple consecutive big loads and achieved a new all-time record big load of 65.7 kilowatts, an increase of almost 4% from the previous record set in July of last year. In PJM, the weather normalized load growth continues to be fairly present. However, the warmer than normal weather drove significant load increases across the Northeast, and total load off was up 7% to 9% higher as compared to third quarter of 2009. In Texas, recovery remains to be well supported during the first half of the year. There's a continued robust demand, higher supply, time retirement and the continued lack of capital for merchant projects. We expect the Texas market to continue showing robust fundamentals. Moving on to the environmental front. 2011 will provide a lot more clarity around environmental growth and requirement for our facility. As we have mentioned in previous presentations, we currently have a plan to invest approximately $700 million over the next four years in the environmental projects, failure to comply with these future regulations. Starting with Cedar, the proposed rules does not require additional capital for compliance. With respect to MACT, our client considers mercury controls on local units. While a worst-case scenario to control acid gas could result in additional environmental capital for 1,900 megawatts at Parish and 1,500 megawatt at Big Cajun. We don't expect this to be the likely scenario. In terms of master pulling, intake qualifications on reborrowing are expected to achieve desired results. For example, originating targets today with extreme qualifications at our Arcotil [ph] plant in New York. Finally, NRG does not face the challenges of converting from web surface implants to landfills as we have assets also at all our core facilities. Our near-term operational priorities are listed on Slide 22. As we move into 2011, we remain focused on excellence in safety and operational performance. We will continue to constantly evaluate the impact of various environmental regulations and our term maintenance and capital spend, particularly in the face of a challenging commodity price environment and determine the best cost benefit decision for each of our assets. With that, I will turn it over to Chris, who will discuss our financial results.
Christian Schade: Thank you, Mauricio. Good morning, and thank you all for joining our discussion of NRG's third quarter and year-to-date financial results. Beginning with Slide 24, our financial results remained strong with $777 million of adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter and $2.071 billion of adjusted EBITDA year-to-date. During the quarter, Reliant Energy contributed $209 million of adjusted EBITDA to our results compared to $306 million in EBITDA for the third quarter of '09. This difference is largely explained by lower margins on newly acquired customers and existing customer renewals as well as lower customer accounts. Meanwhile, the Wholesale business contribute $568 million of adjusted EBITDA during Q3. The $32 million decline compared to Q3 2009 Wholesale performance can be largely attributed to the following. In the Northeast region, lower base load hedges were partially offset by a 37% increase in generation due to warmer than expected weather during the quarter. In Texas, a 5% increase in generation and the benefits of lower operations and maintenance costs were offset by a 20% increase in fuel costs, driven by new coal transportation contract at our Parish facility. Meanwhile, the south-central region benefited from the addition of a new contract with the regional municipality, leading to a 17% increase in megawatt hour sold and a 23% increase in the average realized energy price per megawatt hour. Also contributing to the results of south-central region was an 8% increase in load due in part to warmer weather. Turning to year-to-date results. Reliant Energy contributed $594 million of EBITDA, $58 million greater than 2009 EBITDA of $536 million. Excluding the $227 million of EBITDA generated in the first four months of 2010 for comparative year-to-date analysis since the acquisition was completed in May of '09, EBITDA results were lower by $169 million. This decline is driven by a 19% decline in mass margins, which were the result of price reductions following the acquisition and lower margins and customer renewal and acquisitions, reflective of the current competitive marketplace. The Wholesale business year-to-date generated $1.477 billion in adjusted EBITDA, $116 million lower as compared to the first three quarters of 2009. The comparative year-to-date decline is largely explained by lower base load hedges in the Northeast, lower margins in Texas, caused by higher transportation costs, offset somewhat by better contributions from the south-central region. At September 30, the company's liquidity position stood at approximately $4.8 billion. Impacting this liquidity position during the third quarter were the following items. We repurchased $130 million of NRG shares at a volume weighted average cost of $20.80 per share. These shares, combined with the $50 million repurchase in the second quarter, brings the 2010 share repurchase program to a close at $180 million or 8.4 million shares purchase at a volume weighted average cost of $21.26 per share. On August 20, the company issued $1.1 billion of 8.25% senior notes due 2020, with the proceeds we use for general corporate purposes, including a funding of a recently announced acquisitions. And on October 12, NRG completed $190 million tax exempt financing in relation to the environmental work to be completed at our Indian River facility, which is not yet reflected in current liquidity. The company closed the third quarter in a strong financial position to complete the three recently announced acquisitions of Dynegy assets, Cottonwood and Green Mountain Energy totaling $2.238 billion. Now turn to Slide 25. As I mentioned a moment ago, total liquidity, excluding funds deposited by hedged counter-parties remained strong at nearly $4.8 billion, an increase of nearly $1 billion from the year end 2009. The increase is principally driven by $1.1 billion increase in total cash and largely explained by continued strong cash flow from operations and proceeds from capital market transactions of about $1.3 billion. During the first three quarters of 2010, we also made debt repayments of $529 million, which include a reduction of a Term Loan B debt of $247 million and the early settlement of the common stock finance fund of $190 million and completed capital expenditures excluding those in NINA of $274 million, consisting largely of $119 million of normal maintenance and $132 million of environmental CapEx. Finally, before turning to the next slide, as you can see in the lower right, we continue to have ample capacity under our first lien to execute hedges on our base load business when appropriate. The first lien remains a very useful tool to both execute such hedges and preserve other sources of liquidity necessary to assist future growth. Now turning to our 2010 full year guidance update on Slide 26. As a result of a strong performance of the business in the third quarter, we have narrowed our guidance to the upper end of the original range to $2.5 billion to $2.55 billion. At the same time, because of the increase in EBITDA expectations, lower than anticipated income tax of $50 million, $92 million of debt funding for the Indian River environmental work, all offset by an increase in collateral postings during the third quarter of $86 million, we have increased guidance for free cash flow before growth investments to about $1.2 billion to $1.25 billion. Meanwhile, we are lowering our free cash flow guidance for the full year to about $700 million to $750 million. The decrease is a result of increased growth investments of $225 million in the fourth quarter, which includes our El Segundo repowering project and the majority balance for projects, both previously announced and currently planned. Based on Wednesday's closing stock price of $20.4 and our updated outlook, the free cash flow before growth yield currently stands at between 24% to 25% or $4.77 to $4.97 per share. Now turning to preliminary guidance on Slide 27. As you can see, we currently expect our full year 2011 consolidated EBITDA guidance to be in a range of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion. Included in this guidance range are Wholesale expectations of $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion, which includes our announced acquisitions. In comparison to the current 2010 Wholesale EBITDA forecast, our Wholesale guidance for 2011 is largely impacted by low overall hedge prices, lower expected capacity prices in the Northeast and normalized weather. Somewhat offsetting these decreases are reductions in our anticipated O&M and G&A spend across the company, which is expected to come in 6% lower in 2011 than in 2010. As Mauricio discussed earlier, we are nearly 100% hedged for 2011 and are just confident of our forecasted results. As we look forward to our Wholesale business in 2012, we are currently in excess of 50% hedge, but at significantly higher prices in 2011 as indicated in our current SEC filings. Due to this position, coupled with the current commodity market conditions, we expect flat to marginally lower year-on-year Wholesale results in 2012 from 2011. For our Retail business in 2011, our current expectations, assuming normal weather, are an EBITDA range of between $480 million to $570 million. The decrease in 2011 guidance compared to current 2010 forecast is largely explained by lower unit margin Reliant Mass business. Reliant C&I business margins are also expected to decline but be partially offset by higher territorial reserve reflecting our continued dedication to this growing client base. Finally, we expect Green Mountain Energy to contribute between $70 million to $80 million of EBITDA. As David discussed earlier, we are very excited about enhancing the growth prospects for new our Green Energy Retail business. We are similarly excited by our solar development prospects. And on Slide 28, this illustrates this potential. This slide represents our four-year net equity commitment to 500 megawatts of solar projects, both announced and planned the coming months, as well as their respective EBITDA contribution of $175 million by 2014. We are committed to investing in this financially value-enhancing promising pipeline of projects and look forward to sharing with you both our current progress and future opportunity as we have identified to extend our solar footprint. On Slide 29, we have provided our projected year end cash position for 2011 of approximately $1.5 billion. Assume in this calculation, our cash flow estimates from guidance, the completion of outstanding acquisitions of $2.238 billion and expected debt repayment under our Term Loan B agreements. As such, when reviewing our capital allocation plans, we usually maintain a minimum cash balance of $700 million, largely for margin working capital, margin requirements, the timing of cash payments of interest, property taxes and the like as well as equity for the project that we have under construction throughout the year. Thus, in 2011, estimate a balance of about $785 million to allocate between share buybacks and further investments in high growth opportunities. The decision to deploy these funds in 2011 will be dependent on a number of factors, such as the size of our restricted payment basket and continued availability of attractive projects to invest in. We would hope to update this allocation with improved precision at our 2010 year-end results call. In closing, we are very proud of our ability to continue to deliver solid results despite the current commodity market climate. As we move forward, we remain committed to a prudent allocation of capital to create further opportunity for business growth and to return value to our shareholders. Now I'll pass it back to David for final comments.
David Crane: Thank you, Chris. Before we open the line for questions, let me just make three quick points for you to keep in mind. The first is I think that we're demonstrating, as I said, even three years into the commodity price down cycle, we're showing uneven in these circumstances the company is demonstrating substantial free cash flow generation. Secondly, we do have investment opportunities lead by solar, which are very attractive in absolute terms and from a risk perspective and also are much shorter in terms of how soon they contribute to EBITDA because of the shorter construction cycle. And finally, to follow on Chris' last point, we do have substantial liquidity to deploy. And I think our track record over the last six years has indicated our ability to allocate and deploy capital in a manner that enhances the value of the company from medium to long term. So we hope and expect to continue to do that for the benefit of NRG shareholders. So with that, Zumira, we'd be happy to take any questions that you have on the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Jon Cohen from Morgan Stanley.
Jonathan Cohen: Can you comment on how Constellations exit from Unistar might have impacted the timing of your DOE loan guarantee process? And also weather there's been any progress on how the additional capital from Toshiba is going to be structured in the end term?
David Crane: I can actually answer the first question, Jon. I mean, our process with the DOE has gone on and served occurrence with the schedule we've had with them. If it's affected the way the government looks at these loan guarantees internally, we're just not in a position to -- I don't know, I don't know. It's like the old iceberg. We don't see what happens beneath the surface. So we have not picked up any sort of meaningful, visible, tangible change in the way the government's approach to us as a result of the Constellation Calvert Cliffs situation. If you have another question on that, I don't like to not be able to answer it.
Jonathan Cohen: The second question was whether Toshiba had come to an agreement on how the capital contributions were going to be structured. If the answer to that is no as well, I have a third question --
David Crane: Well, right now, the arrangement with Toshiba is that their capital contributions have been put into projects through credit facilities, to NINA. But we will probably be able to give you more final details on that on the next quarterly call.
Jonathan Cohen: And then finally, the $600 million of equity that's going to lead to $180 million of EBITDA for the solar projects, how much of that is from projects that are either have been completed or have been announced?
Christian Schade: I would say that half of that are from projects that have been either in the ground or announced and, the rest are the ones that we would expect to announce very soon to qualify for the cash grant.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong from RBC Capital.
Lasan Johong: David, believing what you said, [indiscernible] bouncing along the bottom of the trough cycle, and you think there's significant potential upside into 2012 and you already have massive cold exposure anyway. Can you give us kind of an idea as to why you didn't go after the entire company and just picked off the California CCGTs?
David Crane: Well, first of all, the significant upside in '12, we could not -- first of all, I think that what I said was that we're bouncing along the bottom of the trough. I'm not sure that I predicted a full recovery in the year 2012, but maybe a guy will hung up on that. I mean, why did we not go after the full company of Dynegy, I would say that we didn't feel that with the exposure that the company has in terms of the coal assets, and I think that you know from the SEC filings that Dynegy is listed in terms of the description of the discussions that occurred with that. We made it very clear from the beginning that we were not interested in owning the Midwest coal assets. And that was really a factor, two factors that caused us to feel that way. One, as you yourself mentioned, we have a significant amount of that in our own portfolio already. And the second thing, and we've been consistent about this ever since the response to the Exelon situation, as we consider the Midwest, in my seven years in this company, we have never been attracted to the Midwest as a place where we really want to be very active. And I would say that lack of interest in the Midwest has gotten greater over those years because we find the prospects for demand growth in the Midwest. In the Midwest, the country are more challenging than on the coast, and we also think that the Midwest market is being coal-on-coal competition for the most part. That's not very attractive to begin with. But also, we think it's subject to a risk from a build out of wind capacity coming out of it. And so that just wasn't our cup of tea. And obviously, those a big part of the overall value of Dynegy.
Lasan Johong: The other question is RI Energy, I'd say, saw very big increases in heat rates relative to demand change. Did you see something similar in your key regions, Northeast Texas? And can you tell us kind of what impact you saw from demand increases on heat rates?
David Crane: Yes, I may ask Chris mostly to answer that question. And on your previous comment, feel free to call me if you want to discuss.
Christian Schade: Certainly, in the Northeast, in PJM, we saw heat rates clearing at a fairly high level than certainly in Texas as well. We saw good heat rate expansion, both in the prompt and in the future quarters.
Lasan Johong: Can you give us a magnitude of scale versus like what you saw in, let's say, third quarter of '09 versus the demand change? In other words, if you're now within 5%, how much did heat rates go up?
Christian Schade: Yes, I don't have that in front of me right now, but we can follow up off line.
David Crane: We'll get you something on that, too, Lasan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell from Jefferies.
Anthony Crowdell: Hopefully just two quick ones. One is the wholesale guidance of 1.35 to 1.45. What are you assuming as the contribution from the Dynegy assets in that number? And my second question is related to the Reliant Retail guidance. I mean, it seems that you're still going to a long-term run rate of $300 million. But when I look at the options here from $300 million on a rapid increase in gas to $700 million to tops, it would make so the midpoint there would be closer to the $500 million even the graph below seems like more of the time in that $400 million to $500 million time frame.
David Crane: I'm going to ask Chris to answer the second question. But I'm going to throw my body in front of him on the first question. I mean, with where the Dynegy transaction is right now in terms of the shareholder vote coming up, we'd rather not talk at all about what we see as the earning power of Dynegy next year or the year after, anything like that. We would give you more information about that, probably the next time we talk, assuming the next time we talk is after November 17 or whatever the day is. But we just really would rather not get into that right now. But, Chris, on the Reliant question.
Christian Schade: Yes, I mean, we view the steady state for Reliant business to be a $400 million to $500 million business. So I think given our experience now in the business, we view that that would be, that the base case with the upsides to improvement in that would be, and I would assume normalized weather. The upside there would be that the weather is as it’s been for the last couple of years, which favors the results. Also, if there is a lower than forecast decline in volumes and our ability to hold customers at higher margins. So given our experience over the last two years with Reliant, I think I would take exception to your $300 million baseline and say that we're certainly targeting $400 million to $500 million of steady state.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar from Bank of America.
Ameet Thakkar: Mauricio, when, I guess, the retail line, I guess, some of the worst case scenarios for additional environmental capital spending. I guess, one of the things that I didn't hear and I was just -- will be tracing at your thoughts on -- how do you guys see, I guess, the EPA's approach to burning of lignite fuel especially that you utilize at Limestone?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Could you be more specific?
Ameet Thakkar: I mean, are you guys going to be able to burn lignite there, I mean, kind of with some of that, I guess, proposals on more stringent proposals on mercury? Is there any risk that you'll have to shift to burning PRB there?
Mauricio Gutierrez: As you know, we really blend PRB at Limestone. It's too early to tell how stringent EPA is going to be on MACT. I'd rather wait for the first quarter of 2011 to adjust our planning if we need to adjust it. What I will say is, our fleet is primarily PRB based. PRB, as you know, has low hydroflourine acid, and we believe that our current plan already takes into consideration Mercury control and the fact that our base load fleet is primarily PRB that we are not going to need any incremental capital. But I mean that remains to be seen as the rules come out next quarter.
Ameet Thakkar: And then just real quick, as far as kind of thinking about the 2011 capital allocation plan, is that something we should look forward to in the next call?
David Crane: That would be the plan, yes, at our year-end call in, I would assume, February.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Julian D-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I have noticed in the past that you guys have typically hedged yourself with gas. But given the expansion in heat rates year-to-date, especially for 2011 in Texas, can you perhaps comment to what extent that has helped bolster the '11 outlook?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Certainly heat rates have been pretty well supported and the high -- the warmer than normal weather that we have experienced in Texas over the past two summers have helped boost them up. What we have been trying to do is match as much generation as we can from load, and this matching comes in the form of not on the ancillaries and options between generational load but also heat rates. So as our Retail business is fixed pricing their low into 2011, we've been selling more from the generation to the Retail business and at prices that reflect current markets.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Greg Orrill from Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill: I was wondering if you'd consider a question about the implications of the Dynegy transaction getting voted down, if that were to happen and sort of how you think about the change in value of the assets since you had agreed to purchase them. And maybe if that didn't happen, what you might do with the cash.
David Crane: Well, Greg, I can only comment, I mean, think what I'm going to tell you is something that if you avidly followed the trade press, you would've already seen in the press. I'm not sure it's going to be that illuminating. But if the Dynegy transaction was defeated, a, obviously we would have no idea why it was defeated or what the plan of Dynegy would be going forward and whether the assets that we had contracted to sale would be available for sale from someone else. If someone offered those assets to us, we were free of our obligation -- when were free from our obligation to Blackstone to consider, we obviously would consider it. And to me, it's a blinding glimpse of the obvious. But given the change in the gas curves since August, we would be offering a lower price. I'm not going to talk about how much of a lower price. But there is another factor is that, we would have to be certain that whoever we were buying the assets from, the transaction was structured in a way that was bankruptcy remote, that we were not subject to a potential unwinding of the transaction due to fraudulent conveyance. So that would be a potential obstacle as well. So the potential permutations of what might happen are so great. That's about all I can tell you right now. On the alternative use of the liquidity, I'll just repeat what we've said. We have a lot of investment opportunities. The Dynegy assets were particularly attractive to us, but they're not the only combined cycle power plant in the United States that are on the market today. And I previously stated in many meetings that I actually thought that the absolute best time to be buying combined cycle power plants most probably can be in the first part of 2012. And then of course, there's the possibility of redeploying the capital in terms of return of capital to stakeholders. And obviously, there is the possibility for share buyback. But as we did borrow money in August in order to finance the Dynegy transaction, there's also the possibility of paying down some debt. So, Chris, did you want to...
Christian Schade: Yes, certainly, we have some calls coming up particularly in the near maturities like the 2004 maturities, which look attractive or beginning to look attractive come the February call date, which I think are about (inaudible). So if there was no other use for the cash, as David said, then certainly we would love to pay down and/or redeem those bonds.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brandon Blossman from Tudor Pickering.
Brandon Blossman: I guess following on '11 capital allocation, assuming all of the transactions do close, $1.5 billion of cash left over on the balance sheet at the end of '11. Is that a balance that you're comfortable with? Or I mean, does that leave any room for incremental asset purchases or stock buybacks, et cetera?
David Crane: Yes, I mean, it certainly is a comfortable cash balance for us. As I said during the prepared remarks, of the $1.5 million, we typically like to keep about $700 million for working capital and margin calls and the like. And the rest of that, so the other $785 million odd are available for both share repurchases and investments and other opportunities, repowering assets, other solar opportunities or other green opportunities. So we think we've got ample fire power both to look at the opportunities that David thinks would be available as well as to return to shareholders as well.
Brandon Blossman: And then real quick moving to retail. Looks like customer count quarter-over-quarter was just slightly down. Does that represent maybe a change in strategy towards keeping customers and shaving margin a little bit?
David Crane: Jason Few is going to answer.
Jason Few: If you look at the third quarter results, we have about $20,000 down on mass that certainly were over the last couple of years, and that's quite an improvement. We've been very aggressively on the strategy to stabilize our customer base, we still maintain a pretty aggressive balance between margin and count and we'll continue to that. But I think with our new product introductions and particularly our compensate plan. We had very solid customer reaction to that plan, which is unique in the market. No one else offering that type of product, and that certainly help us stabilize the customer base as well as what we're doing in terms of our smart energy what we call our smart energy initiatives and the set of products that we've rolled out against our customers that are helping us reduce attrition beyond just the things that we've done from a pricing standpoint.
Operator: And we only have time for two more question. And your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo from Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Just curious, David, you mentioned earlier the 2011 guidance that you look to improve upon it. And I think historically, the company has a tendency to achieve the preliminary 2011 guidance. And just that you're already 96% hedged on the base load generation side, I'm just wondering, what are the potential drivers for upside? Is it greater utilization of gas plants just tied to weather? Or maybe you can give us a little more color on that.
David Crane: Well, I mean, you hit two. I mean, yes, to me, there's the fact that we tend to be a little bit cautious in everything we do. So there could be a little bit of cushion built in. There's the fact that one thing we've never understood about the way the outside world looks at this industry, it's not like we as a management team are seeing on our hands. It's just sort of clipping coupons. I mean, we're a pretty active company in terms of reshaping the portfolio and improving upon it. And so there's the fact that we as a management team may actually do things to improve at which, of course, we like to prove our own value-added. Chris, what else from your perspective?
Christian Schade: Sure. I mean, just to look at the Wholesale business first. I mean, as you said, we're nearly 100% hedged. But, however, if there's an upturn in gas, then we would expect to see an increasing result of around $60 million during the year. There's also some variability in our gas leak results. So with an increase in both gas prices and heat rates, there could be an upward revision of sort of $15 million for them. Also, as we said during the presentation, we have built-in a 6% decrease in costs across our O&M and G&A with about $1 billion of costs. If there are additional 1% to 2% decreasing cost, then that can obviously add to our results as well. And as David said, the management team, we're very much focused on the improvements we can squeeze out of the business. In retail, the range that we have in there contemplates certain load variability due to weather. And then also, if we see lower than expected attrition rates than we previously forecast, that would increase results. Also, if there is a decline in gas and this speaks sort of to the hedge against our Wholesale business, then that would most likely improve results for Reliant. And finally, it's very clear that we guided $500 million of EBITDA for 2010, and we've exceeded that by nearly $200 million we expect to for the year. So changes in weather and other changes to the exogenous markets, obviously, have a very large influence on those results.
Brian Russo: Then just on Green Mountain, can you give us a sense of what's the market penetration there? I guess, on your $70 million of EBITDA, what kind of growth potential is available for Green Mountain going forward?
David Crane: Well, I think that there is growth in the last four or five years. They have averaged a compound annual growth of the 20% to 25% range. And so again, being cautious people as we sort of project forward, we don't project that type of increase because again we're cautious people. But they demonstrated that over each of the last four or five years. And certainly, we think that as I mentioned in my comments, the Green Mountain can penetrate into markets that they haven't, and they've been moving outside of Texas. Their principal area of expansion to date had been in New York City, and we wanted to think in a sort of methodical way. But certainly, we think there are other markets in the Northeast that they can move into. But I think the most obvious thing is that as a small company in the C&I business, Green Mountain has focused on very, very small commercial customer. And our sense and I think there are a lot of anecdotes and data points on this, I'll spare you my Philadelphia cream cheese example, but -- so it seems that a growing number of businesses in the United States that are facing the American consumer are seeing the benefit of sending a Green Energy message. And we think that's the trend it's going to accelerate in, and we expect Green Mountain to be a big part of that trend. So we think there's multiple avenues for growth with Green Mountain, and really, the most challenging one is which ones we prioritize and focus on so we don't spread too fast.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Jay Dobson from Wunderlich.
James Dobson: David, most of my questions have been answered, and I did drop off the Q&A, so apologies if this was asked and thanks for the detail on Page 6. But you mentioned the fisher cut date on nuclear, and I was trying to get an idea what exactly you're talking about. Is that loan of guaranty driven because obviously you wouldn't have a PPA by then or some of the other old frames you mentioned?
David Crane: To me, we have that one slide in the presentation, on Slide 6, that sort of talks about five exits. But really, to me, it comes down to basically two sort of interconnected exits. One is the loan guaranty and the others the that PPA obligation, and they're tied together because the PPA obligation has the condition of the loan guarantee. And, Jay, what I can say is it's always hard to predict the development business, and we clearly get subject to complete impact in Washington, where there's just no money that's appropriated for nuclear loan guarantees even though I think President Obama yesterday said that when I'm told, I didn't see despite when he was asked, which areas does our room for cooperation with the Republic, and I think I would sell a nuclear with the first thing of the second thing that you've said. And so in a sense, we should think that there's a scenario, where the election result is beneficial. But the nuclear needs, the loan guaranty appropriation, and if that doesn't happen, obviously, that's a very, very clear exit ramp. The slightly less clear exit ramp is, okay, we got the loan guaranty, but conditional on offtake and what I would tell you about that is that our sense because we're working the offtake question very hard right now is that within a few months of getting the loan guarantee, we'll know whether or not the offtake is going to happen. And if we don't get that within a few months, the fact we have always said to our shareholders that we would not go forward with STP 3 & 4 as a fully emerging plan. The amount of offtake that's being required by the DOE is pretty much the same as what that we were going to insist exist upon anyway. So the exact timing is uncertain, Jay. But I certainly expect that by the summer of 2011, assuming we got the loan guaranty well before that, we should know whether or not the offtake's going to happen or not going to happen.
James Dobson: And then the last question is share repurchases. I know there are some uncertainty given the RP basket calculation at year end and the like. But assuming there's cash, you've historically bought back stock, David. I just understand I want to understand in '11, would there be a reason to expect if there's been any change on that front?
David Crane: Well, I mean, RP basket is the main pacing item. And so apart from that, I wouldn't expect any huge change in the company's policy today. But Chris, do you have...
Christian Schade: Yes, the basket currently stands at about $150 million. As we said, we completed the 2010 plan. And they're obviously, at this time, when we look at 2011, what appear there is liquidity for us to execute a share repurchase program. And we'll get to that announcement with some precision when we do our year-end call in February.
David Crane: Well, thank you very much, and thank you all. I know there are other earnings calls that are already going on. So we appreciate you taking time to listen to the NRG story. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2010 NRG Energy Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carissa, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Miss Nahla Azmy, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Carissa. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2010 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will also be available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and the Q&A session, will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow up. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is August 2, 2010, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as the result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the Company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and good morning, everyone. I want to slide [ph] [15:03] add my personal welcome to the second quarter call, and I want to apologize and thank you for accommodating our date shift from tomorrow to today. I mean since it was done on kind of my schedule, I hope that by getting you to listen to us on a Monday morning, we brought you some good news earlier in the week than we otherwise  would've. Today, I'm joined by Chris Schade, our Chief Financial Officer, who will begin part of the presentation; and John Ragan, who will be giving the Chief Operating Officer's part of the presentation, although as maybe you know, John Ragan has moved on to become the President of NRG Texas. His successor as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, Mauricio Gutierrez, is also here but he will be reprising his role as the Head of Commercial Operations and available to answer questions on topics relating to the market and the commodities. And finally, I'm also joined by Jason Few, who runs Reliant's business. Before I get started, I just want to mention of course that this shift in the management team has been caused in large part by the retirement of Kevin Howell. I know many of the long-term shareholders on the phone know Kevin well, and Kevin's had a great career at NRG first, fashioning our superb commercial operations team, then being acting as Chief Administrative Officer and most recently as President of NRG Texas. I want to thank Kevin for the phenomenal job he's done. I appreciate that a couple years ago, when he wanted to retire, he allowed me to persuade him to stay a couple extra years, and I just want to thank him personally for all that he's done for this Company. Now turning to the presentation and on Page 3, referring to the slides that have been posted on our website. I wanted to start as I usually do by giving you my take on the Company's financial performance during the quarter. The Company quite simply performed spectacularly well during the quarter, and our superior performance, combined with favorable prevailing weather conditions, produce an exceptional financial performance for the Company. $693 million of adjusted EBITDA, the second strongest second quarter in our history and nearly $350 million of cash from operations. The goal of operating the business for cash, as we always have done, obviously, is first to accumulate that cash and then allocate it in a timely and efficient manner on behalf of its owners and our chief shareholders. We've been successful on both counts during the quarter, increasing our cash balance by over $360 million and by allocating the cash effectively, including $50 million of expended to buyback NRG shares as the first stage of our 2010 capital allocation program. Our cash accounts were buoyed by, in addition to our cash generated from operations, by more than $100 million received under the cash ITC program from the federal government in connection with the Langford wind and the Blythe solar projects. I'm very pleased with the steps we are taking towards building more flexibility into our capital structure, and Chris will talk more about that during his presentation. As we assess where we stand at this financial midpoint in 2010 today, the result achieved over the previous six months, together with the positions we have taken with respect to the six months to come, I'm very pleased to report to you that today we are increasing our guidance for the full year for both adjusted EBITDA and cash from operations by a very substantial amount. As you assess our new guidance, as I believe that you must, given the absolute magnitude and the sizable margin by which our performance in 2010 to date has exceeded the expectations of the financial community, I ask you to be mindful of three things. First, consider that 14 months after we purchased Reliant, perhaps it is time to recognize the superiority of our wholesale/retail model. Unique among our peers and as such, acknowledge that we merit a multiple premium rather than a multiple discount in comparison to peer generators. Second, consider the resilience of our business model based as it is on the twin pillars of prudent balance sheet management and forward hedging through the commodity down cycles. Here we are reporting on the eighth full fiscal quarter since natural gas prices began to drop. And even though commodity prices continue to scrape along at the bottom of the trough, NRG is continuing to report nearly record results. Of course, it isn't our hedging alone that is achieving such a fantastic result. It's the strong contribution of Reliant. And that is where the prudent balance sheet management component of the strategy looms large. If we had not been in a strong financial position when the financial tsunami occurred, we could not have acquired Reliant in the manner that we did. Third and finally, consider that nine months ago when we first announced guidance for 2010 of $2.2 billion, coming off a record shattering $2.6 billion EBITDA year in 2009, I told you that we were not satisfied with making $2.2 billion in 2010. I vowed to you on behalf of all the management and employees of NRG that we would work our hardest to do better. Today, with guidance revised significantly upward to $2.45 billion to $2.55 billion, we are fulfilling a good part, but not yet all of that vow. We will continue to work our hardest to improve our 2010 result. We know that this is what you expect from the NRG team, which you have invested your capital with. Well let's look beyond the numbers. As you know one of the most significant characteristics that differentiates NRG is that all the while that we are delivering best in class financial results, we also are working tirelessly to position the Company as both the optimal conventional competitive power company and as the first mover in America's clean energy economy future. As Slide 4 indicates, we have five top priorities in respect of each of these two strategic tracks and the progress we have achieved against all these priorities over the past couple quarters has been highly satisfactory. I'm happy to speak with you at length about any and all of these priorities but given time constraints, I'm going to focus most of my comments on the two most topical. On the conventional side, our wholesale/retail model and on the new energy economy side, our push towards being first mover in low carbon baseload generation, particularly new nuclear power. Success within our business model depends on our success in maintaining our Reliant retail franchise through all commodity price cycles. The particular challenge in this commodity price cycle is preserving, growing and extending the franchise through this potentially prolonged commodity price trough in an environment where retail margins are healthy and barriers to entry appear low. As shown on Slide 5, our approach is fourfold. First, targeted pricing and marketing to a highly segmented mass market. Second, a resurgent and coordinated sales effort across all customer classes, especially the C&I segment, an area of Reliant’s business which was being affirmatively and intentionally discontinued under previous ownership and which is in the process of being rebuilt under our ownership. Third, various initiatives to leverage off the customer service capabilities of Reliant in order to increase revenue opportunities. And fourth, brand extension to a range of products and services built around smart metering technology being deployed in homes and commercial establishments around Texas. Our fifth objective for Reliant, which is both an objective in its own right but also is the quality that underpins the Reliant brand, and as such our ability to achieve the other four objectives, is our relentless focus at Reliant on customer care and customer satisfaction. Reliant’s intensely committed to provide differentiated service across the entire customer lifecycle, and that commitment has paid off. As illustrated on Slide 6, Reliant has the lowest customer complaint percentages of all the Texas retail electricity providers. This has caused the Reliant brand not only to enjoy the highest brand recognition in the key areas of ERCOT but also the highest brand preference, as demonstrated on the bar charts on the bottom right. Everything we do and everything Reliant is doing is designed to preserve and enhance that brand and create increased distinction between Reliant and its competition. We are very confident that the things Reliant itself is doing, in its communities, with its smart leader program and with its customer service and that we at NRG are doing alongside Reliant Texas, such as the windmills, the nuclear plant and the electric vehicle infrastructure, will further preserve and enhance Reliant’s brand and NRG’s retail advantage in Texas more generally. What does all this means to NRG shareholders? We reproduced Slide 7 to remind you that in our humble opinion, Reliant is being severely undervalued within NRG, given the reciprocal advantages that matching wholesale and retail provide to each other. The advantages are bulleted on this page. These advantages exist not only in theory but we have amply demonstrated to the market over the past 14 months that they exist in practice as well. We have steadily and substantially reduced the capital required to collateralize the Retail business through a continuous increase in the number of crossing trades we have done, and we have partially de-risked the business through a sequence of constructive hurricane risk mitigation products. But bottom line, it comes down to the earnings power of Reliant’s retail business, sustained through the extended trough of this commodity price cycle. It was just over a year ago that you were being asked to believe that Reliant was worth no more than $1 a share to NRG. And now after just 14 months, Reliant already has generated over $1 billion in EBITDA for the Company, meaning that Reliant already has generated $4 for each NRG share outstanding. It's a very good start. It provides the proof of consistent performance which the market has sought. And as such, it's a good point for ascribing a fairer value. Moving now to low carbon baseload. Before we get to a discussion of our STP 3 & 4 project, let me say that more than any other area of our business, renewables, demand-side management, fast start gas, low carbon baseload is, in my opinion, where it’s going to be at over the next 20 years. This is where the winners among 21st century power companies are going to be crowned. And with NRG positioned to seize first mover status, not only with new advanced nuclear, but also with clean coal projects, pivoting off the 60-megawatt carbon capturer and enhanced oil recovery demonstration project, we are developing with the assistance of the DOE at Parish, we are as well positioned as a company could be in this critical and valuable area. Now with that said, turning to the continuing saga of our STP 3 & 4 nuclear project on Page 8, I have attempted to cut through the noise and the complexity of recent developments to put on one page everything important that you need to know about where we are and where we are going with this project. Starting with Washington, where activities continue as we speak, both within the executive branch and on Capitol Hill to find a way to fund either the two or the three projects which remain in contention for nuclear loan guarantees. I am here to tell you that I have absolutely no idea what funding method will succeed or how it will be achieved but I can tell you this, based on what I personally have witnessed in terms of the commitment of high officers of the Obama administration, the highly professional and constructive approach of the DOE staff and their advisers to our project and the nearly unanimous pledges of support from senators and representatives of both parties to the concept of additional funding for nuclear loan guarantees, I am more confident than I have ever been that our project ultimately will be awarded a nuclear loan guarantee from the United States government. The question I cannot answer and the question that informs the basis for the spending decisions that I am announcing here to date, is the question of when. I do not know when. This uncertainty about when is what makes it impossible for me to continue spending NRG shareholders' money at the rate which we have been spending through the months since CPS withdrew from the project. Accordingly, having reduced our ongoing spend on the project last month from approximately $30 million a month to $7.5 million a month, a 70% reduction, henceforth, from August 1 onward, NRG is capping its spend on STP 3 & 4 at $1.5 million a month, a 95% reduction from the burn rate just two months ago. The good news is that after extensive work and discussions with our partner, Toshiba Corp. and with the other key parties involved in the project development, we have developed a plan, depicted in very general terms on Slide 9 to keep the project fully on schedule through at least the balance of 2010. We have achieved this in significant part by reducing the project work streams only to those critical path matters, which are absolutely essential to maintaining project schedule. We have achieved this in even greater part by Toshiba having agreed to carry the project more fully on its shoulders in the months to come in the same way that NRG has done for the several months since CPS withdrew from the project. For our part, while our work in Washington continues with the DOE and the legislative branch, we and our Japanese partners have opened formal discussions with the Japanese government financial institutions regarding Japanese co-financing for this important project. We are confident that the Japanese government and its lending institutions appreciate the importance of this project as much as do Toshiba and NRG. We also intend to focus extensively over the next several months on finalizing EPC arrangements with a structure and at a price that the project can bear. And finally, in order to keep the project on track, we must over the next several months take our discussions on OFTEC arrangements with key counterparts to the next level of commitment. We recognize that this critical path work stream is as important as the federal loan guarantee work stream and that they are interdependent. In summary, with respect to nuclear, as we undertook to do several months ago, we have dramatically scaled back our financial commitment to the STP project development, but we have managed to do so in a manner that keeps the project fully on schedule with critical work processes at the DOE, the NRC in Japan and at the site all sufficiently manned. We will determine over these next months of low NRG spend whether all the key elements, the federal loan guarantee, the Japanese government co-financing, an appropriate EPC arrangement and sufficient offtake arrangements can be brought together in a manner that enables the STP project, a project which is so critically important, not only to NRG but also to the economy of the state of Texas and the zero emission energy objectives of the United States of America, to go forward. Finally, on Slide 10, let me conclude before handing over to John by bringing back Slide 4 in a scorecard format so that we can grade our implementation to date against the dual strategy that we previously have articulated. On the conventional side, or as I prefer to call it, the classic NRG side, we are delivering superlative results, providing positive proof that the wholesale/retail combination works better than the pure generator or the pure retail model. Slowly but surely, we are revitalizing our gas fleet with Brownfield repowerings, our plant expansions completed at Long Beach, Cos Cob, Cedar Bayou and Devon, construction underway at Middletown and with a line of sight for El Segundo. With respect to the fifth priority on the classic side, we have not appreciably expanded our conventional portfolio through acquisition, but we believe the current environment is an attractive market for asset buyers and that market dynamic is going to persist for at least a while longer. In terms of the right side, the transformative side, where the nature of the objectives are inherently longer term, we are very pleased with our progress in terms of low carbon baseload, not only with STP which we have previously discussed, but which also with our carbon capture and enhanced oil recovery project at Parish. Our multiple solar initiatives are proceeding exceedingly well, and you will hear much more about them in the months to come. And the projects that we are building at our various gas sites, particularly El Segundo, are going to be cutting edge in combining fast-start characteristics to firm renewables while providing modern CCGT efficiency and steady state operations. In short, I can assure you as shareholders of NRG, that while there is a lot that I’m very proud of as the CEO of your Company, neither I nor the rest of the team at NRG will take our eye off the ball in terms of delivering another exceptional financial result in 2010, perfecting our classic competitive generation retail model and positioning the Company to be a leader in the transformation to a new energy economy. Turning to John Ragan.
John Ragan: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. During the second quarter of 2010, NRG continued to sustain the strong operating and commercial performance it achieved during the first quarter, solidly positioning the Company to enter the critical summer months. On Slide 12, we've highlighted some of our second quarter accomplishments. Our focus on safety across the entire organization, including Reliant, has remained strong with an OSHA recordable rate of 0.7 through the first half of the year, which continues to exceed the top decile benchmark for the industry. During the second quarter, our Encina plant was awarded OSHA's VPP Star designation. OSHA's Voluntary Protection Program, or VPP, is a voluntary program that allows a facility to attain one of the highest levels of safety recognition available within the power industry. To achieve this designation, a plant must demonstrate to OSHA that both management and the employees have achieved an exemplary health and safety record in addition to creating a steadfast safety culture that is embraced by the entire organization. This is the first NRG facility to achieve this award outside of our Texas fleet, and is a testament to our employees’ desire across the organization to strive for continuous improvement in safety. Our baseload fleet had another very good quarter of operational success with our plant personnel delivering strong performance. During the quarter, we continued to face challenging market conditions caused by cycling and additional starts for our coal assets. This was followed by periods of extreme heat in June. Through these widely fluctuating conditions and multiple plant maintenance outages, our coal fleet reliability was better than the second quarter of last year. Most notably, I want to point out the superior quality quarterly performance of the Indian River and Limestone stations, both with E4 below 2% and the Huntley station with an E4 below 1%. Our EPC group has continued to move forward with multiple construction projects. We have completed the Devon peaking plant in Connecticut and these fast-start units have been transitioned into our operating portfolio. Middletown is currently under construction and is expected to come online about this time next year. During the quarter, we have also acquired and integrated the South Trent wind farm into our wind portfolio. And lastly, we were successful in being awarded a $167 million DOE grant to design and construct a 60-megawatt carbon capture and enhanced oil recovery system at our Parish plant in Texas. Finally, our commercial operations group has continued to effectively manage the hedging and dispatch of our wholesale generation portfolio in addition to executing the integration and risk management requirements for the Reliant energy retail supply. This quarter was also marked by wins in additional load following contracts and portfolio hedges, which I will review later. Now turning to our plant operation performance on Slide 13. We have continued to operate our fleet safely and efficiently during the second quarter. While net generation and baseload availability were slightly off for the first half of this year as compared to 2009, this was primarily the result of three specific events within the fleet. These include a refueling outage at STP unit 2 as compared to no outages at STP during the same time period during 2009, the movement of an outage from 2011 to the second quarter of 2010 for Limestone unit 1 and a generator rotor outage at Dunkirk’s unit 4 in January that was discussed during the first quarter earnings call. Our units did experience some limited fuel switching, primarily during the shoulder months of March and April, that impacted net generation. However, this was partially offset by strong load from weather-related events during the second quarter. From a unit reliability perspective, our baseload E4 for the second quarter was 2.05%, which is an exceptionally strong showing from our operations team. When taking the events into account that I previously mentioned, our overall plant reliability and availability during the first half of the year was solid and within our expectations for strong operating performance. We also recognized that in the low-margin price environment that we currently operate in, it doesn't always make economic sense to spend that last marginal maintenance dollar in order to achieve the highest possible availability statistic. At NRG, we are always making those analytical decisions based on real-time information. We can promise you that we are scrutinizing our spend relentlessly across the fleet and putting our maintenance dollars to the best possible use where we can capture the value of the last marginal megawatt hour while making the best cost-benefit decisions to manage our overall plant assets. Finally, on the chart to the bottom left, at the end of the second quarter, we have achieved 50% of our full year FORNRG targets. This achievement was accomplished through contributions from our retail, tax and other corporate departments, continued plan efficiency improvements within our generation fleet and the sale of Padoma. We are on track to complete this year's goals and have the potential of getting a head start on the 2011 targets. Turning to our retail operations on Slide 14. Warmer-than-normal weather across Texas with cooling degree days above the 10- and 30-year benchmark coupled with lower gas prices created an opportunity to deliver higher volumes and stronger margins from our Mass Market segment. The dramatic decline in the commodities last year allowed us to deliver margin significantly above our targeted run rate while the market became much more competitive. The steady state of commodities this year, we have taken disciplined, targeted marketing pricing and actions to begin to stabilize our customer count while maintaining strong margins, thereby driving towards higher customer retention levels. At the same time, we have strengthened our sales channels and maintained our leadership in customer satisfaction and brand preference. The result for the quarter reflects an optimized balance between customer count and margin which is consistent with our long-term mass-market strategy for the Reliant brand and the specific customer segment we desire to serve. In the C&I segment, we improved renewal rates of existing customers during the second quarter and extended the term and diversity of our portfolio while experiencing profitable margins within the segment. Reliant remains the largest C&I retail provider, the second-largest residential provider and the largest retailer overall based on volume in Texas. Before I conclude the operations section, I want to provide some thoughts on EPA's recently proposed Clean Air Transport Rule or CATR, which was developed in response to the court’s rejection of CAIR. The primary objectives of the newer rule as compared to CAIR are outlined on Slide 15. The rule initiates new NOx and SO2 trading programs in 2012 with a second phase in 2014 which further lowers SO2 emission caps in certain states. The main difference between CAIR and CATR are: one, the inability to use acid rain allowances to meet CATR requirements after the program’s implementation; and two, the restriction on trading of allowances between Group 1 and Group 2 states for SO2 compliance. According to the EPA, the cap in allocations for 2012 are based on modeling current power plant operations with existing and planned controls across the industry. The key takeaway is that NRG can meet the 2012 NOx and SO2 caps without any new environmental construction requirements. As we elaborate on Slide 16, NRG’s fleet is well positioned vis-à-vis the proposed CATR rule. Specifically, our existing plans for additional environmental capital projects remains unchanged. CATR does not include Texas in the SO2 program. Therefore, our Parish and Limestone units will not need to hold SO2 allowances. Having separate Group 1 and Group 2 SO2 trading allowance restrictions does not impact NRG's ability to comply with the program. Our assets in New York and Pennsylvania, which are Group 1 states, already have SO2 controls and will not face additional incremental CapEx requirements to meet the 2014 cap. And lastly, as older uncontrolled plants are at risk of retirement, NRG hopes to benefit from changes to higher heat rates and power prices. In summary, the proposed CATR rule is anticipated to have very little impact on NRG’s plant operations’ concurrently forecasted capital spend. Additionally, while EPA has acted in a very proactive way to address both NOx and SO2, they have done so by working constructively with the industry to achieve the desired air emission goals. As we have been saying since our investor conference last fall, we believe the EPA will take a pragmatic and moderate approach to current and future air standards. Therefore, based on their actions to date, we believe that any future EPA regulations will be similarly pragmatic to allow the industry sufficient time and means to approach compliance. Moving to our hedge profile and commodity sensitivities on Slide 17, as we have reviewed with you many times on prior calls, we continuously seek opportunities to lock in additional hedges, hedging power during the up cycles and coal during the down cycles. As illustrated in the chart on the top left, our wholesale and retail segments continue to be well hedged over the next few years. Baseload generation is fully hedged for the remainder of this year, and we have increased our hedge position for 2011 to approximately 86% from 73% last quarter. During the quarter, we have focused our hedging strategy for 2011 on using option structures similar to the strategy we implemented in 2006. This hedge structure helps to protect us from further downward gas price movements while retaining some upside for positive upward price movements. Based on NRG's view that gas prices reached their floor during 2009, in a time when demand was significantly off and supply was plentiful, we believe that the last half of 2010 and 2011 will provide opportunities to continue to hedge our portfolio at higher gas prices than the current forward market. Concerning our Retail business, our hedge positions have increased during the quarter as shown by the crosshatches. We will continue to increase our hedge percentages as we execute on aggregating fully priced retail loan. The chart at the top right illustrates our coal and transport positions. During the quarter, we were successful in executing a fairly priced and beneficial multiyear transportation contract for our western New York coal plants. Based on the current supply/demand factors for PRB coal, we don't expect any significant upward commodity pricing pressure in the foreseeable future. And lastly, moving to the chart on the bottom, as is customary with our hedge profile, we have limited our sensitivity to gas going gold prices and heat rate movements for 2011. Turning to review market fundamentals on Slide 18, the quarter-on-quarter demand growth for ERCOT continues to show solid trends for recovery and positive growth on a year-over-year basis, particularly in comparison with PJM where weather-normalized load growth continues to be fairly stagnant. However, during the second quarter, warmer-than-normal weather drove significant load increases across all three Northeast operating systems, with peak load recovering close to 2008 demand levels and total load up 6% to 7% across the region as compared to Q2 2009. In Texas, forward heat rates have continued to be well supported during the first half of the year due to increasing demand recovery, tighter supply, potential for future plant retirements and the continued lack of capital market access for non-PPA projects. So I would like to end by saying that we are very well positioned operationally and commercially to deliver on our revised set of financial objectives for 2010. Now I'll turn it over to Chris, who will discuss our financial results.
Christian Schade: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss the second quarter and year-to-date financial results achieved during my first quarter as CFO. Let's begin with a brief overview of our achievements during the second quarter on Slide 20. As David previewed earlier, the Company delivered strong financial results in the second quarter, totaling $693 million of adjusted EBITDA. Reliant Energy contributed $195 million of adjusted EBITDA. With robust gross margins our Retail business benefited from favorable weather conditions in a favorable commodity environment. Meanwhile, the Wholesale business contributed $498 million of adjusted EBITDA, only $19 million lower than Q2 2009 performance. The year-on-year difference was affected by a refueling outage at STP unit 2 and a major planned outage at unit 2 of our Big Cajun facility, which occurs every six to eight years. Baseload generation in the Northeast was comparatively flat but due to hotter-than-normal weather during the quarter, oil and gas generation increased 20%. Benefiting our wholesale performance was increased capacity pricing in New York City, as well as new projects that came online as a result of our retiring and renewable initiative, including Cedar Bayou 4, Blythe solar facility and our Langford wind farm. Year-to-date, EBITDA for the first six months was a record $1.294 billion, representing a 6% increase over $1.22 billion generated in the first half of 2009. The addition of Reliant Energy added $385 million of EBITDA as favorable weather drove an 11% increase in customer usage partially offsetting a 2% decline in average customer count. Also, the improvement in customer payment patterns we mentioned in the first quarter continued into the second quarter. Meanwhile, the Wholesale business generated $909 million of adjusted EBITDA for the first half of this year, solid results despite a low commodity environment. The strong quarter and year-to-date financial results were directly influenced by our strategic forward hedging program and the continued focus on operational excellence. Our record results also reinforced the benefits of our strategy of owning both generation and retail in Texas. Finally, on this slide, I want to touch briefly on our liquidity position as I will review it in more detail on the next slide. We entered the first half of 2010 with a total liquidity of $3.5 billion, an increase of $290 million from the end of the first quarter. Cash on hand of nearly $2.2 billion provides ample capacity to serve our capital structure objectives and current capital allocation strategies. Of particular note during the second quarter is we successfully completed the amended extend of our first lien facilities, an important step in improving the financial flexibility of the Company. The highlights of this transaction include: extending the maturities from 2013 to 2015 for $1.8 billion combined for our term loan facility and synthetic LC and refinancing our revolver to $875 million while extending its maturity to 2015. The results of this transaction provides NRG with improved LC and term funding capacity to support our future growth initiatives. Now for a more detailed discussion our capital allocation, please turn to Slide 21. Again, the Company’s strong liquidity position as of June 30 which, excluding funds deposited by hedging counterparties, stood at $3.5 billion. While liquidity is up from the prior quarter, I would like to review the year-to-date change of $294 million as of June 30 from year-end 2009. This difference is largely explained by debt repayments of $459 million, which included a reduction of the term loan B debt of $240 million and the settlement of the common stock fund of $190 million. Capital expenditures, net of project funding, of $294 million consisting primarily of $70 million of normal maintenance CapEx, $88 million of environmental CapEx and $125 million for NINA. Acquisitions of $141 million, net of financing, related largely to the purchase of South Trent in Northwind Phoenix and share repurchases totaling 2.2 million shares at a volume weighted average price of $22.58 for $50 million. We are in a very comfortable liquidity position, allowing us to complete the remainder of our $180 million share buyback program before year end, as well as continue to be opportunistic about intrinsic and extrinsic capital investments to enhance our Retail, Wholesale and Renewal businesses. We will continue to review our options to increase returning value to our shareholders, and will evaluate the possibility of increasing our share buyback later in the year. With respect to the restrictive payment basket in certain of our bond indentures, we have decided for now not to offer bondholders a payment for relief of this covenant. We believe the costs required to ensure a successful amendment of the current RB restriction to be prohibitive, particularly when compared to upcoming coal prices embedded in the bond’s original issuance. Finally, to date, our successful hedging strategy has provided stability to our EBITDA our results and in the future, we will continue to hedge our baseload business when appropriate. With that said, as you can see from this slide, we have ample capacity to execute on hedges in the out years under our first lien structure, which preserves other sources of liquidity necessary to assist our future growth. Now turning to our full year guidance slide on Slide 22. We have increased our full year EBITDA guidance in the range of $2.45 billion to $2.55 billion, an increase of $250 million to $350 million from earlier projections. Going forward, we will continue to provide full year EBITDA guidance as a range. We believe a range of EBITDA results better captures unanticipated volatility and certain factors that may impact our results, such as weather changes and fluctuations in the underlying commodity markets. Our goal would be to narrow our ranges as the year progresses and final results become more certain. Alongside this update in EBITDA guidance, we are also updating free cash flow guidance to a range of $816 million to $916 million, an increase of $354 million to $454 million. In addition to our strong operating results, the increase in free cash flow is a certain beneficiary of our decision to be dramatically reduced the spend on the STP nuclear project until there is clarity on the prospects for a receipt of a DOE loan guarantee. In closing, as David pointed out earlier, we continue to drive this business to focus on cash and based on Friday's closing stock price of $22.68 in our updated outlook, the recurring free cash flow yield currently stands between 22% to 24% or $5.06 to $5.45 per share. With that, I’ll turn it back to David for closing comments and questions.
David Crane: Thank you, Chris. Carissa, I think we're prepared to take any questions that callers may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers of Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: David, I was wondering if you could just go to South Texas for a minute. Can you just maybe revisit or talk through a little more the thought process from the timing of the major components when you could reasonably expect decisions kind of on major things like U.S. loan guarantees, Japanese loan guarantees, EPC contract, PPAs, equity sell down? And are there certain pieces you see as contingent of getting done before the other pieces can get done right now?
David Crane: Well, Dan, I could take the air out of the ball for the remaining 18 minutes of this call in terms of answering that question, but I'll try and give you the short form. I think the way, Dan, that we've gone around planning South Texas and the new reality is around this fact that we just literally have no idea when the U.S. government will do the two things, the Department of Energy actually finished the loan guarantee process hopefully in a positive fashion and the money be appropriated. It's really the second part that's more uncertain. I mean, we are really at the final stages with the DOE with negotiations of the loan agreement complete. But as to when the money would be there for an award, I mean, to be frank, Dan, as I'm told, it could be today or worst case scenario, if it gets to be part of the 2011 budget appropriations and that takes the track that it’s taken in recent years, it could be as far away as next February or March. So that's really the timing horizon that we've looked at all of those critical decisions. And we expect to have all of those, the four things that I talked about, resolved within that time period. So the U.S. government financing, the Japanese government financing, the EPC and the offtake. In terms of further sell downs, Dan, I would say would that's the one thing that's really changed in this because our motivation to sell down early in the project was actually to reduce the amount that we were spending every month. Left to our own devices, if we weren't spending as much as we were spending, we would prefer to sell down later rather than earlier because the project gets more valuable as it gets towards closing. So since our spend rate has been cut by 95%, I think the one other significant change in terms of the things that you mentioned is that you probably shouldn't expect additional sell-downs, unless they're for highly strategic reasons, until we get these other four main critical path items resolved. Dan, that's the best short answer I can give. I mean did you want to follow-up on some aspects of that?
Dan Eggers: The other question, I guess, maybe if you could talk to in this venue is, coming in to the year you guys talked about the amount of economic exposure NRG has for shareholders in the project, and what kind of cash unwind or commitments would be required if the project wouldn’t have forward when you were negotiating with San Antonio. Can you give an update on where that stands and kind of where you guys are going as far as future development commitments have been made beyond your CapEx run rate right now?
David Crane: You're saying, if the project would actually be canceled, would there be exposure beyond the cash that we already have sunk in the project?
Dan Eggers: I guess, I assume there would be, and I guess just kind of the magnitude of the potential exposure?
David Crane: I think in terms of -- first of all, there are not a lot of hidden commitments. I mean, if the partners -- and Dan, one thing I want to emphasize here, and I apologize to all our shareholders because I may not have spoken as accurately as I should have about the way this works, when we talk about like shutting down the project, this project like every other jointly developed product I've ever been in my life, one party does not have the right to shut down the project. One party only has the right to reduce or stop their spend in the project. The other party always has the right to unilaterally go forward. So when I talk about our decision-making in terms of actually shutting down a project, let's assume we have a joint decision of Toshiba and NRG to shut down the project. I think our overall sense is that while it will take a few months to wind down spending and money spent on demobilization and the like, there are not like enormous commitments that have not been disclosed before. I think the overall commitment of the Company would be in the $500 million range, but that $500 million includes the money that Toshiba's put to date. So that's more of an earnings number. You'd have to deduct the $150 million from Toshiba to get the cash exposure of NRG.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong of RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong: David, if Toshiba is accelerating spending and NRG is reducing spending, does that mean that should the project either go forward or not proceed, that there is going to be some make-up on NRG’s part going forward after the decision point is reached?
David Crane: Lasan, you're saying, is part of this arrangement with Toshiba that there would be some sort of reimbursement agreement, if it goes forward?
Lasan Johong: Yes.
David Crane: So the answer that question is no. There is no reimbursement agreement. We tried to depict on Page 9 and Lasan, this is a work in progress. But in terms of funding the work and -- again, I wouldn't say that -- I mean just make sure that we’re 100% accurate with the words. I'm not sure if Toshiba is accelerating the payment. They're just bearing more of the ongoing cost. The spend rate of the project is being reduced from about $30 million a month to about $20 million a month. And in terms of the part of that, the very significant part of that, that NRG is not going to be funding, what we're showing on the right-hand side of Page 9 is the various alternatives that Toshiba has to bear that cost. And it could be vendor financing or there is the TANE credit facility. Toshiba also has the option of doing it through equity in NINA, in which case there would be some dilution of NRG. But there's no sort of reimbursement agreement we've entered into to cause us to have to make up the cost that Toshiba is bearing in these months going forward.
Lasan Johong: And just as a follow-up to the STP issue, if NRG felt that this was not a project that was good for shareholder value, either because you couldn't sell down the shares or you couldn't get financing, or you can’t get a long-term contract or you can't get DOE loan funding, does that imply that you have no hesitation in pulling NRG out of this project?
David Crane: Well we could, I mean, that’s possible. But Lasan, what I would tell you is we’re announcing today that we've cut spending on the project by 95%. I mean, that is, from a point of view of removing the burden from the shoulders of NRG shareholders, I would say that that's a very significant step. If we decided and Toshiba agreed that the project really made no sense to go forward, would we cut from $1.5 million a month to zero? I don't think we would do that immediately because there's significant value in the project. I mean, first of all, we would probably keep the license going to conclusion, given how far we've come. And between some long lead time items that we've ordered, the intellectual property involved in the application process, the design, the Americanization of the Japanese ABWR design, I mean, we're talking about a set of the development assets that have significant value, and we would certainly not just throw those into the ocean. I think we would keep a team going to see if we could monetize that value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski: Two questions about Reliant. First of all, should we assume that the ongoing EBITDA for this business is actually above your previous expectations? And also, any comments regarding the cost level, especially the G&A and selling expenses? Should we assume that there's simply a lower run rate going forward?
David Crane: Well, I may ask Jason to answer the second question. Let me just say on the first question, I think, Angie, if I'm getting your question right, I mean clearly, we've upgraded the expectations of Reliant for all of 2010. We haven't changed what we've considered, what we've said before, is like a midcycle run rate of $300 million. I think the question out there is that how much money can Reliant make on a steady state business during a prolonged trough in the market? I think that's what we're gearing our strategy for. I mean, clearly, if we believe that Reliant is going to make in the range of $600 million this year, it's not going to revert to $300 million going from December 31 to January 1, 2010 to 2011. So we don't have a perfect insight in this crystal ball. But I would say, clearly, we’re impressed with the resilience of Reliant's ability to outearn this sort of midcycle return during a prolonged trough, and we're doing everything in our power to extend that as long as possible. As to the cost structure, Jason?
Jason Few: Angie, on the cost structure, we have taken actions to actually reduce our overall G&A, and we continue to do that not only as part of our FORNRG efforts but just overall in terms of operational efficiency and other things we’re doing from an automation standpoint in our business. So you should assume that you will see reduced G&A in our business.
Angie Storozynski: How about the new contracts? We heard from other competitive retail providers that there seems to be higher competition, which is partly related to low volatility and natural gas and power prices. Should we assume then that new contracts that you are signing are actually at compressed margins, I mean, versus now for sure but versus your expectations?
Jason Few: As you know, Angie, we don't give segment level. But I will answer it in two ways. We’re actually seeing although on our lower volumes, on our C&I business actually our margins are up for Q2 versus Q1. And on our residential side of our business or mass side, we've taken deliberate pricing actions to actually bring down margins to respond to competitive pressures in the market. So overall, from the mass side, you've seen some of that compression, which is intentionally driven. And on the C&I side, we're actually seeing the ability to create some expansion there.
Angie Storozynski: That's for new contracts, that's not for realized margins. That's for new contracts signed during the quarter.
Jason Few: For new contracts, that's right.
Operator: Your next person comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar of Merrill Lynch.
Ameet Thakkar: On the Texas wholesale, it looks like EBITDA was relatively flat versus the prior year. Just kind of looking at your hedging disclosures in your 10-K, I mean, it looked like the equivalent price of GAAP that you were hedged at was $8.37 in '09 and something closer to $7.70 in 2010. So I was just kind of wondering how you were able to kind of keep that flat at that business when volumes looked like they were actually down slightly?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Ameet, this is Mauricio. Some of the revenue comes from ancillaries. We've been able to position our portfolio to take advantage of a higher or juicier ancillary prices. As you think about our portfolio, as our solid fuel portfolio ramped down during off-peak hours, we've become basically the least cost provider of ancillary services. And during on-peak hours, our GAAP portfolio can meet those obligations. So think of our portfolio as the least cost provider of ancillaries and as these ancillaries increase in price, we've been able to position ourselves to mitigate some of the lower gas prices that you mentioned and that we have experienced in the business. I mean that is one of the drivers.
Ameet Thakkar: I mean you guys are 112% hedged in 2010 and I think you guys talked about this on the last call, some of that is just kind of maybe a little bit less volumes expected. But how do I think about you being over-hedged? I mean, are you basically kind of booking additional kind of trading-related revenue because you're essentially short of the market more than the fleet expected to run?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean I think you already addressed the first reason. I mean we were hedged against the expected levels that we had back in October of 2009. As the gas prices have decreased, our expected generation has decreased with it. We have not pared down completely our hedges. We want to be consistent with our market view. And I think it's pretty simple to deduct that we were somewhat bearish in the front part of the gas market. And we didn’t see the need to change our hedge profile for the balance of 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra of Simmons & Company.
Neel Mitra: I just wanted to follow up on Ameet's question on the strong Texas outperformance, specifically on increased ancillary sold to Reliant. I was wondering if you could quantify that? And then also, why would the ancillary services revenues go up this quarter versus last year within I guess lower gas prices continuing to occur?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, Neel, one of the benefits of our combining wholesale and retail is the stability that it provides to our generation portfolio in ancillary services but also shape products and an optionality that the Reliant business needs to manage the low variability. So this is just, I would consider, a perfection of hedging wholesale and retail after 14 months of ownership. With respect to the ancillary question, I think people try to get -- as you look into two years out, the market tends to pay off for insurance in the form of ancillaries. So we've been able to capitalize on that back in 2009 going into 2010. So I think the combination of combining wholesale and retail in providing these ancillary products, as well as the market being able to pay up for ancillaries I mean, I think that's the combination that has provided or that has mitigated some of the downside risk on gas prices for our Texas fleet.
Neel Mitra: And Mauricio, the new collars or put options that were put out this quarter, can you guys quantify how much the cost of those auctions are and where they would show up, I guess, in expenses?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I don't believe we have disclosed the absolute amount of the cost. What I will tell you is, most of the hedging that we did in 2011 was under the collar structure. So moving it from the low 70s to the mid-80%, it was incremental on the back of the collars that we executed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson of Wunderlich Securities.
James Dobson: David, I was wondering if you could go back to STP and NINA. On the offtake agreement, you sort of went by it somewhat quickly in your prepared comments but I interpret it to be that you're going to be focusing there a bit more? And if I got that properly, maybe confirm that and then sort of what exactly you mean in light of the sort of ongoing uncertainty?
David Crane: Well, Jay, it's a good question, and you surmised correctly that when you say that we plan on focusing on it a bit more over the next several months. I mean, I think one way to look at it simplistically is that really the STP development project has three work streams. The one that which I think when people started we would've talked the most about, which was the regulatory approval work stream at the NRC. We don't ever talk about that anymore because it's working perfectly. It's right on track. It's the other two work streams, one is how to get money for the project and then of course the commercial arrangements. And there's been a lot of focus on the getting money work stream because of the DOE loan guarantee process. But the third work stream is the offtake. The offtake is the uncertainty that has caused us to not push so hard on the offtake thus far is not really related to the money. It's more related to the fact that you have to have a solid EPC price in order to talk to offtakers about the power and what it's going to cost. And we're getting much closer to a conclusion there in terms of getting a final EPC price that we then can work into something more specific to take to the offtakers. And so we expect in the second half this year, maybe spilling into the first quarter, to be looking for binding commitments from the several people that we've been talking to about long-term offtake for the project.
James Dobson: And then on a separate topic, Devon, I assume that wasn't synchronized with the grid in time to give us any benefit in the second quarter as your comments are, it sort of got done late June, early July and sort of moved forward from there? Is there COD data I guess I'm asking on that?
David Crane: It's multiple units, John a couple came on in June.
John Ragan: We had three of the four units come on in June, kind of spaced out on a one-week basis. So they were synchronized to the grid during June. Three of the four units.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Golden Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Can you walk us through which of your coal plants you expect to spend capital on for environmental retrofits and just the timing of that? And can you also walk through, with contract expiring in 2014 at big Cajun, how the cost of that gets recovered from your counterparty?
David Crane: John, do you want to?
John Ragan: Michael, right now, we finished all the work at Dunkirk and Huntley. We are currently putting controls in place on Indian River 4. As we'd mentioned earlier, this year we stopped work on Indian River 3 and completed a new structure with Delaware that allows us to continue to run that unit for a period of time and then shut down. So that's really where our CapEx is being spent right now. Regarding the lodge in assets, again, we see these being able to recover that CapEx and new contracts that we structure with the co-ops in Louisiana. So we do think that we can get recovery for that CapEx when those controls are put in place.
Michael Lapides: And Texas, what are your planning in terms of environmental CapEx in Texas?
John Ragan: Well, again, right now we’re doing the engineering work to determine what we need to do. But again, until we get a better sense of the macro about acid gases, it's a little more difficult to determine exactly what we will do there. If, as we expect EPA to be pragmatic around how they go about facilitating the reductions, again, we don't see the worst case scenario where we have to control unit by unit. So until we have a better sense of that, it's a little hard to say how the CapEx will be spent in Texas.
Michael Lapides: And on South Central, little confused about the cost recovery. I mean your hedge prices there roll up to about $50, $51 a megawatt hour. Foreign energy prices, kind of the low 40s. So even if you put a capacity payment on it for a combined cycle, it would get you mid- to really high-40s, low-50s. I'm a customer, why do I do it?
David Crane: Well, I think there are a few things going on, Michael. First of all, I think that you -- I mean first of all, I mean we're sensitive to the fact that the co-ops, like everyone who serves load are very price sensitive, and it's one thing to say that we have the right to charge it through and at least for the customers whose contracts expire in 2014, they obviously have the right to not renew. But I think when people have looked at this issue at South Central, they've exaggerated the ease with which a customer to Louisiana Generating could switch because it's a constrained transmission system down there. Our plants have the transmission rights to serve these customers who as you know, are spread all over Louisiana. So it may not be a straight, look, I can get a price 2% lower from someone else that you're suggesting. It's a more complicated assessment. Having said that, like I said, we want to work with the co-ops to smooth out the path, and get the right outcome for them and their customers. Mauricio, did you have anything to add on that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: The only thing that I would add or emphasize is the congestion aspect of it. We have firm transmission to the customer, the customer has firm transmission from our facilities. Anybody else who wants to serve that customer will have to have firm transmission, which could potentially require cost transmission operates or redirect our transmission cost. So that's puts us in a competitive advantage with respect to a generic combined cycle, economics in the region.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Question on STP and just if you could clarify what the status of the TEPCO investment is that was announced on the last quarterly call? And I apologize if I didn't kind of glean this from the prepared remarks. I wasn't quite sure what you said on that.
David Crane: Well, TEPCO go investment is conditioned upon receipt of the DOE loan guarantee, so it hasn't happened yet. Having said that, TEPCO has been a technical adviser to the project from the beginning and since they fully expect the DOE loan guarantee to come through, I mean, we're working with them. But the trigger for the injection of the first fund from TEPCO has not occurred and will not occur until the DOE loan guarantee is received.
Jonathan Arnold: So nothing else has changed on that front. It's part of the working through the Japanese financing aspects.
David Crane: Well, no. I mean, when you say Japanese financing, to me you're talking about the Japanese government co-financing on the debt side which TEPCO is working with us to get those funds or those guarantees from the Japanese government. No, I'm talking about the TEPCO equity investment which is not related to Japanese financing. It's actually related to DOE financing. Once the DOE award is granted and accepted by us then that will trigger their injection of capital into the, I think, $155 million. That would be the trigger for them to inject $155 million into the project.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Brandon Blossman of Tudor, Pickering and Holt.
Brandon Blossman: But just kind of to make it explicit, Wholesale 2010 guidance up $100 million to $150 million. What has changed in your view for the year?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Two things. One, is the Texas fleet being able to serve or sell premium products to Reliant. And then the second is some upside on the Northeast markets. I mean we just saw very little fuel switching, particularly around March and April time frame. All the other months, we've been running pretty healthy on our solid fleet.
Brandon Blossman: So I mean to be fair, it is largely Reliant retail driven for the guidance update both on explicitly on the retail side and implicitly on the product transfer pricing picture?
David Crane: But your question was on the Wholesale side. I mean, I think we split out the extent to which it was Reliant and the guidance on Slide 22. But yes, on the Wholesale side, it was both Texas and the Northeast.
Brandon Blossman: It continues to be a great acquisition. A little bit of hedging in '11, you mentioned it was largely option-based. Is that gas collars or is there some power in there also?
Mauricio Gutierrez: It's primarily gas collars.
David Crane: Well thank you very much. And operator, thank you for your assistance and again thank everyone for tuning in on Monday and for your interest in NRG.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Channel, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Nahla Azmy. Please proceed.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Channel. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2010 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will also be available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow up. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in this press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is May 10, 2010, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And now with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Well, thank you, Nahla, and let me add my welcome to everyone. Good morning. Welcome to our first quarter 2010. While I'm speaking to you from Tokyo, joining me in Princeton and speaking on this call are John Ragan, our Chief Operating Officer; Gerry Luterman and Chris Schade, our outgoing and incoming Chief Financial Officers. Also, with us in Princeton and available to answer any specific questions you might ask on the call are Mauricio Gutierrez, who runs our Commercial Operations business; and Jason Few, who is responsible for our Retail business. So let's begin. Ladies and gentlemen, the shareholders of NRG, thank you for being patient and waiting until the very end of the first quarter reporting period for our earnings release. Today, we're pleased to bring you exciting news, both about the extraordinary financial results, which we achieved in the first quarter 2010 and also about the agreement signed today here in Tokyo with Tokyo Electric Power Company to invest in the South Texas Project, STP 3 & 4. First, with respect to the quarter, Gerry and Chris will report to you more fulsomely in a few minutes. But I simply want to emphasize you the magnitude and significance of what the women and men who make up NRG have achieved: a 26% increase in the first quarter compared to what was considered by most to be a very strong first quarter 2009. Our $601 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was fueled by strong operating performance across all regions and all business segments. Of course, the two factors which made this number most possible in the face of a declining commodity price environment and generally weak economic conditions were our effective and farsighted forward hedging program and the exceptional performance, financially and operationally, of our Retail Energy business in Texas. We have spoken to the financial community repeatedly in the past about the strength of our wholesale and retail combination in Texas. Our strength that is unique among competitive power generation companies and today, you have another data point which visibly demonstrates that strength. In a quarter that was challenging for our Generation business as a result of macroeconomic conditions, our Retail business more than picked up the slack financially. Indeed, our Retail business, ably led by Jason and his team, not only posted exceptional results, they also largely stabilized the Mass business from a customer-account perspective and took giant strides towards resurrecting our C&I business in Texas. You will hear more about our strength and improved performance across all performance metrics in the Retail segment in the months to come. So with ample liquidity and newly simplified capital structure, our core Generation business that's hanging tough in a challenging environment; our Retail business, which has been stabilized with respect to its mass customers and is now growing in C&I; and now with Chris Schade joining us to take up the crucial position in our management structure as CFO, I'm pleased to say that NRG is no longer in transition as we have been for the past several months. We're ready to springboard off our core Wholesale Retail business, which is second to none. So turning to the future, under normal circumstances, I'd be reporting to you at some length about the great strides that we have taken on our renewable initiatives, the exciting opportunities that we are acting upon and the enormous market potential in the renewable space, a market which becomes more exciting and more real these days thanks to the Washington's push towards renewables, with discussions about projects like our DOE award for post-combustion carbon capture, leading to enhanced oil recovery at Parish, or about the enhanced prospects for our NRG Bluewater Wind subsidiary, as a result of Salazar's Cape Wind announcement will have to wait another day, as I want to focus my comments on today's TEPCO [Tokyo Electric Power Company] announcement. For the reason shown on Slide 4, TEPCO quite simply is the best possible equity partner for us in the STP 3 & 4 project. Their participation will enhance the prospects for success across many critical aspects of the project, including development, financing, construction and of course, operations. With their Kashiwazaki 6 and 7 plants, they were the first nuclear plant owner in the world to bring an advanced nuclear project online, on time and within budget. And of course, the Kashiwazaki units are ABWRs [Advanced Boiling Water Reactors]. TEPCO has been a technical adviser to the STP Project for several years, but now as an owner and development partner, they will be directly and actively involved in all phases of making this project a tremendous success for our shareholders and as a result of today's announcement, for their shoulders as well. Slide 5, details terms of the investment. TEPCO expects to pay $280 million in two phases over 12 months to acquire an effective 18% interest in the STP 3 & 4 Project. They will also pay their proportionate share of the ongoing cost of project development. They will deploy immediately several commercial and technical personnel deeply and directly experienced in ABWR construction operation to the United States to be part of the project development, including the EPC negotiations. The U.S. team will be backed up all of the very considerable resources of TEPCO in Japan. So in summary, we are very, very pleased and indeed honored to have TEPCO as a partner in the STP 3 & 4 Project. But of course, the mere participation of TEPCO will not by itself provide an absolute guarantee of the success of STP. This, after all, is project development, and several important steps need to be taken to ensure the success of the project. Indeed, TEPCO's financial participation in STP 3 & 4 is predicated on receipt of a conditional loan guarantee from the Department of Energy. After you hear from John, Gerry and Chris, I will be reporting in greater detail about the current status of our loan guarantee application and our plans to carry this project forward or not, based on the DOE's decision. So over to you, John Ragan.
John Ragan: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. During Q1, NRG continue to sustain solid operating and commercial performance. Slide 7, summarizes these events for the quarter. Beginning with safety, the company has started 2010 with a very positive record by achieving top decile performance with a quarterly OSHA [Occupational Safety and Health Administration] recordable rate of 0.85. We had 31 plants that had no recordable incidents and sustained one of our longest continuous stretches without a recordable incident across the entire fleet. We believe the disciplined commitment and emphasis on safety sets the cultural foundation required at our company and provides the catalyst to achieve superior operating results. Moving on to our fleet operating performance. Baseload equivalent availability during the quarter was 88%, which was lower than the 2009 operating result. This was due to several unplanned outages in January and February, which I will discuss on the next slide. We continue to make progress on our construction projects in the Northeast. The Indian River environmental control project has been re-scoped for Unit 4 only, following the cancellation of the Unit 3 portion earlier in the quarter. The Devon repowering project is scheduled for completion in June and the commissioning phase of this project is now underway. On the renewables front, we have completed all of our operational and commercial due diligence in the South Trent wind project, and awaits the completion of the Texas PUCT [Public Utility Commission of Texas] approval process and certain tax and financing requirements necessary to close this transaction. Our commercial operations and retail organizations continue to maximize value for NRG by combining the strengths of our Wholesale Generation and Retail portfolios. Additionally, we have continued to be successful in winning additional load contracts in the regions where we have generation resources. These longer-term contracts provide another vehicle to hedge our generation position and the opportunity to develop longer-term relationships with customers. Turning to Slide 8, our total Generation for the quarter was slightly ahead out of our output from a year ago. The addition of Cedar Bayou 4 and the Elbow Creek and Langford wind farm help to make up for lower generation that occurred due to retirement of Somerset Unit 6 and the unplanned outages in b rates [ph] with some of our baseload plants. These outages occurred at three plants and consisted of boiler and fan issues at Big Cajun II, a stuck-control rod at STP Unit 1 and a generator rotor ground at Dunkirk. All three plants significantly improved their performance in March, moving back into top-quartile operating performance. Turning to our Retail business. We have continued to see strong results, and customer count has become more stable in the first quarter, as compared to the previous quarters as shown by the continued reduction in customer attrition during Q1. Overall, our Mass sales volumes were higher due to colder-than-normal weather, and stronger margins were achieved due to falling gas prices during the quarter. The Retail group has continued to increase the renewal of existing C&I customers and has won several key customer accounts that extend the term and diversity of our Retail portfolio. Reliant remains the largest C&I provider in Texas and their strategic economic and operational success that the Reliant acquisition has exhibited over the past year, continues to reinforce our belief that combining these two entities creates a highly efficient counter-cyclical business model that enhances the total value for NRG. Turning to market fundamentals on Slide 9. Quarter-on-quarter demand growth for ERCOT showed greater strength relative to PJM East, indicating a faster recovery from the recession as compared to other parts of the country. ERCOT set a new winter peak demand record of 55,878 megawatts in January, which was 10% higher than the previous winter peak set in 2007. Houston heat rates continue to be well supported due to increase in demand recovery, tighter supply and uncertainty around future regulations. In 2009, coal-to-gas switching was concentrated in the Southeast and Northeast markets. However, due to colder weather and higher gas prices in the first quarter relative to a year ago, this situation was reduced significantly. Looking forward and under normal weather conditions, we see coal-to-gas switching being particularly concentrated in Eastern PJM due to increasing CAPP [Central Appalachian] coal prices, which reflect a more international price, as well as lower natural gas prices and tighter basis spreads. We expect negligible coal-to-gas switch in ERCOT for the year. Lastly on the bottom right, I would like to discuss what we consider NRG's coal portfolio advantage. Our coal fleet primarily burns PRB [Powder River Basin] and lignite coal, and our assets are located in regional markets where gas sets the price of power in most hours of the year. Generally speaking, NRG's coal mix is less expensive and cleaner-burning than the CAPP coal that other eastern IPPs [independent power producers] burn. Additionally, concentrated in gas marginal markets allows coal units to earn the spread between the generation cost of a coal unit and a gas unit. This results in NRG achieving a stronger dark spread compared to other IPP fleets concentrated in the coal marginal markets, where prices are closer to the coal-unit market-generation costs. Before I conclude the operations section, I want to discuss NRG's environmental strategy. As outlined on Slide 10, our current environmental CapEx program is designed to meet the stringent state regulations in New York and Delaware, as well as anticipated federal mercury-control requirements and the original CAIR [Clean Air Interstate Rule] Program. Upon completion of these projects, NRG will be one of the cleanest coal fleets with very low NOx [Nitrogen oxide] and low-to-moderate SO2 [sulphur dioxide] emission rates. Mercury reductions will be state-of-the-art. So what projects would be left after this work is complete and additional rules are put in place? Turning to Slide 11, as you know, the EPA [Environmental Protection Agency] is creating rules that will cover air emissions for acid gases and mercury, all combustion by-products and a fluent water standards associated with the current 316(b) policies. The likely outcome for the industry is additional investment for air quality controls, the elimination of wet surface impoundments for ash disposal and the mitigation of once-through cooling. Because NRG has already invested in environmental control improvements, the potential remaining investment is manageable. The largest impact to NRG energy would be the installation of maximum available control technology for acid gases, which is thought to be an SO2 removal system. EPA is currently collecting data and is not expected to propose a rule until next March. A worst-case analysis for NRG would be to install six-drive scrubbers and an additional baghouse at our remaining unscrubbed units. But we believe there are mitigating factors to be considered. Our current emission rates are relatively low and could be lowered with some operational changes. Additionally, EPA regulations may offer some flexibility. We recently proposed MACT [maximum achievable control technology] standard for industrial boilers, allows facility averaging across the same type of units. A similar provision for electric generators would provide greater flexibility to meet the new stringent limits. Finally, we believe that the demand for controls across the industry result in continued technological advances and lower costs. With regard to ash landfills and water, these new rules should have relatively limited impact on NRG. Our coal facilities currently employ dry disposal practices for fly ash. And with one coal unit in Big Cajun II and the Encina and El Segundo gas plants do not have existing or budgeted mitigation for once-through cooling. In summary, do we have future environmental investments to make? Most likely, yes. When the rules are available, NRG will implement plans to meet the requirements through a mix of repowering, controls, operational flexibility and emissions averaging where possible. However, we don't expect the worst-case scenario to become NRG's base-case scenario for environmental spend. Assessing our current state of environmental controls and any potential future obligations, we see ourselves very well-positioned, as compared to other coal-fired peers within the sector. Switching now to the hedge profile of our portfolio on Slide 12, our Wholesale and Retail segments continue to be well-hedged over the next few years. Our baseload generation is more than 100% hedged this year, 70% next year and greater than 50% the following. We have continued to actively hedge our Baseload portfolio during Q1. But given the current gas environment, we have been focused on using option structures like we did back in 2006. This strategy helps to protect us from further downward gas price movements, while retaining some upside through positive price movements. We will be in a better position to provide you with more detail on our 2011 hedge strategy during our next earnings call. Concerning our Retail position, we increased our hedge percentages due to the growth in fully priced retail load. Since we are talking about hedging, let me spend a minute on the potential impact of the Financial Reform Bill on our hedging program. We anticipate that new legislation will require financial derivatives to be traded on exchanges. But we also expect that end-user exemption that will allow us to continue transacting over the counter and therefore, continue using our first lien structure as collateral for hedging. In a very unlikely case that we do not qualify as an end-user, we will rely less on our first lien and more on our matching our Generation and Retail portfolios, which provides NRG a significant competitive advantage by having a natural offsetting position for our supply portfolio. The chart at the top right shows our coal and transport hedge positions. While we are well-positioned through 2011, we are currently working on firming up a few contracts, which are rolling off in the near future. The bottom left chart illustrates our baseload gas price, heat rate and coal sensitivities. As you can see, NRG tends to be more leveraged in natural gas changes than equally probable heat rate and PRB coal changes. The negative gas sensitivity in 2010 is caused by NRG being more than 100% hedged for our Generation business. Finally, we have added a coal price sensitivity to this chart, which shows our exposure to unhedged market-commodity coal-price movements. The sensitivity describes the gross margin impact of $1.50 per ton upward movement in PRB commodity prices, which is our predominant coal fuel. Given what we have shown on our use of PRB and lignite coal on Slide 9, our sensitivity is fairly limited, particularly through 2012. In closing, Slide 13, sums up our near-term goals. I want to specifically mention two. First, we will stay very focused on achieving top-quartile to top-decile safety and operational performance throughout our fleet. Based on the tragedies we have all seen in the power generation, coal mining and offshore drilling sectors during the first four months of 2011, it is imperative to continuously improve our safety programs and always keep safety over production as our defining DNA structure within the NRG culture. Secondly, our Commercial Operations group will continue to look for attractive opportunities to hedge the forward portfolios in the most collaterally efficient way. We continue to believe it is still early in the year and we'll remain vigilant in looking for opportunities to hedge more of 2011 and 2012 portfolio positions, as long as the strategy meets our fundamental price outlook within our different regions. Now I will turn it over to Gerry, who will discuss our financial results.
Gerald Luterman: Thank you, John. Good morning, and thank you once again for joining us today to discuss NRG's first quarter 2010 financial results. Since this is my last conference call as Interim Chief Financial Officer, a role I greatly enjoyed, I will talk to this quarter's actual results, while Chris Schade, my very able replacement, will address 2010 guidance and his priorities as NRG's new Chief Financial Officer. I will continue to serve on the NRG Board of Directors. Turning to our financial summary on Slide 15. The company delivered record financial results in the quarter with adjusted EBITDA of $601 million, a 26% increase from a year ago. This increase was driven by the excellent performance of Reliant Energy, which contributed $190 million of adjusted EBITDA.  During this quarter, the company made payments on its Term Loan B, as well as settling Common Stock Finance I or CSF I, resulting in its total outflow of $471 million. It should be noted that the decision to settle the CSF I four months earlier than planned resulted in savings of $7 million. Total liquidity now stands at $3.2 billion, including over $1.8 billion in cash. Chris will be discussing in more detail the adjusted 2010 guidance. But in summary, we are leaving EBITDA guidance unchanged at $2.2 billion, and increasing free cash flow guidance by $112 million to $462 million. Turning to Slide 16. The quarter-over-quarter adjusted EBITDA bridge or waterfall slide is presented. This slide reinforces the complementary benefits of owning both Wholesale Generation and Retail in the state of Texas, as well as the two businesses contributed a net favorable variance of a $142 million quarter-over-quarter. Reliant Energy had a $190 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, driven by colder-than-normal weather with a 31% increase [indiscernible]. Reliant also benefited from improved performance in customer retention, as well as a reduction in bad debt expense as we began to see improved customer payments behavior. Texas generation declined $48 million from $320 million in the first quarter of 2009 to $272 million for Q1 2010. The combination of a decline in hedge prices on our baseload assets, an 8% decline in nuclear generation and an 18% increase in delivered coal costs at WA Parish and Limestone, led to lower energy margins of $37 million. Additionally, O&M costs were higher this past quarter at STP by $9 million, as the plant prepared for its Unit 2 refueling and maintenance outage that began this past month. The Northeast EBITDA results for Q1 2010 were lower by $30 million to $76 million from $106 million in 2009. The major drivers of this performance included the decision to retire Indian River Unit 3, lower-average baseload-hedged prices and a decline in generation. The plan to retire in Indian River Unit 3 by December 31, 2013, announced on February 3 resulted in $14 million of costs related to the write-off of construction in progress and termination fees. Energy margins meanwhile, were unfavorable, $38 million, driven by a decline in baseload hedge prices and a 9% decline in generation. Partially offsetting these unfavorable variances were capacity price increases in 2010 for New York and PJM totaling $8 million and a favorable operating cost, including lower maintenance and chemical costs of $14 million. Turning to international results, decline of $11 million quarter-over-quarter is mainly as a result of MIBRAG's first quarter 2009 earnings contribution of $12 million, which were subsequently sold in June of that year. And finally, the sale of the Padoma announced on January 21, resulted in a $23 million positive impact on EBITDA as shown in [indiscernible]. Before closing and although not highlighted, adjusted EBITDA for the South Central region was lower by $3 million to $26 million. The decline was as a result of an 8% increase in load requirements, due to colder-than-normal weather and a 2.4% decrease in generation at Big Cajun. Slide 17, illustrates our first quarter 2010 free cash flow generation. Cash from operations for the quarter totaled $114 million, $25 million lower than 2009. Driving the decline quarter-over-quarter were both higher interest payments and changes in collateral postings. The $54 million increase in interest payments is related to the early termination of the CSF I, which included accrued interest payments of $52 million. Moving to free cash flow from recurring operations, preferred dividend payments were substantially reduced quarter-over-quarter at both the 5 3/4% and 4% convertible preferreds converted to common stock during the past 12 months. Turning to free cash flow. Environmental CapEx, net, totaled $38 million in the quarter and was mostly due to spending in Indian River for air quality control system for AQCS controls that are being installed. And finally, RepoweringNRG net cash expenditures are primarily related to STP 3 & 4 nuclear project. Last year, Repowering investments of $115 million included $32 million for NINA, $28 million for Langford and $11 million for Cedar Bayou. Slide 18, outlines the company's liquidity position as of March 31, which excluding funds deposited by hedge counter-parties, stood at $3.2 billion. The driver of changes in liquidity are as follows: The Term Loan B paydown of $237 million, of which $229 million was related to the 2009 excess cash flow sweep. As you remember, during the fourth quarter conference call, we announced that we made an early payment of $200 million. In total, the 2009 excess cash flow sweep payment was $429 million. And $109 million of debt paydown, excluding interest of $52 million related to the early settlement of CSF I and $185 million of CapEx or capital expenditures. During the quarter, NRG issued $157 million net from the Synthetic LC Facility to support routine business activities, as well as replace Merrill Lynch as guarantor with certain Reliant Energy counter-parties. These items were offset by cash from operations of $114 million and $29 million of proceeds from the sale of Padoma, as well as $59 million increase in availability of the first lien revolver as a result of finalizing the Dunkirk bonds at 5 7/8%. All in all, the company has sufficient hedging capacity within the lien structure to support its activities. Turning to Slide 19. At the November 2009 Analyst Day held in Houston, I addressed a number of items that were going to occur that would simplify our capital structure. We've already spoken about the excess cash flow sweep, the early settlement of the CSF I and the conversion of the 4% preferred. But here you can see the impact to NRG's overall capital structure. With the strength of our balance sheet and strong liquidity position, NRG is positioned to take advantage of future growth opportunity. I'm also pleased that recognition of these efforts was confirmed by Fitch last week, as the firm upgraded their ratings on NRG reflecting both the stable outlook and the relative strength of our balance sheet. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to the new CFO, Christian.
Christian Schade: Thank you, Gerry. Before turning to the next slide, I would like to say that I'm very happy to be here at NRG and look forward to working with David and his team, as we continue a proven track record of business execution and prudent financial management. I would like to start with our 2010 outlook on Slide 21. The company recorded record results in the first quarter while on a low gas price environment. These results reinforced our Texas-based strategy of owning both wholesale and retail and as such, we are reaffirming our full year EBITDA guidance of $2.2 billion. The company generally has not changed guidance during the first quarter as it is still early in the year, and the summer months can be primary drivers of full year results. With that said, the company is off to a very good start. I would like just to briefly cover our capital expenditure plans for 2010, our Repowering Investments guidance of $92 million includes $54 million into GenConn Energy, a 50-50 joint venture with United Illuminating as the repowered facility of Devon, Connecticut is expected to soon start commercial operations and contribute to results this year. $40 million for the installation of the combined heat and power system at the new University Medical Center at Princeton at Plainsboro, $10 million for demolition work at our El Segundo, California facility, $7 million for electric vehicles and $5 million for offshore met [meteorological] towers as part of our offshore wind initiative. As for our nuclear development program, our net cash spend is estimated to be $328 million. With that, free cash flow is forecast to be higher than projected last quarter by $112 million to $462 million, reflecting the anticipated proceeds from Tokyo Electric, which David will cover in greater detail later in the presentation. Finally, based on Friday's closing stock price of $22.64, the recurring free cash flow yield currently stands at just over 18% or $4.10 per share. Slide 22 provides an update on the company's 2010 capital allocation program. During the first quarter, significant progress was made on the plan including capital management and growth initiatives. While Gerry has already addressed the capital management portion of the plan, I would like to briefly address share repurchases, NRG's growth initiatives and my priorities for the coming year. Although there weren't share repurchases completed in the first quarter, NRG is committed to the previously announced $180 million Board-approved repurchase plan and we look to complete it by year end. Second, in the first quarter, the company made significant progress moving its clean energy initiative forward through; the pending acquisition of the South Trent Wind Farm in Texas, which brings the company's wind portfolio to approximately 450 megawatts; the Department of Energy's selection of NRG to receive over $150 million from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act for WA Parish's post-combustion carbon capture demonstration project; and the agreement announced today with Tokyo Electric to invest in NINA's STP 3 & 4 project, which greatly enhances the company's financial flexibility as we move through the second half of 2010. Now before turning it back over to David I want to address a few of my top priorities for the year. My experience from my 10-year at Medarex is that liquidity is king. And it will be a priority to manage carefully our balance sheet and liquidity requirements. NRG consistently generates strong free cash flow. And in my mind, there is distinct balance between managing liquidity, continuing to invest in the company and returning value to shareholders through share repurchases and debt reductions. To the extent our restricted payments basket covenant on outstanding debt impacts our ability to efficiently or best allocate capital for stakeholders, then NRG must consider solutions to relieve such restrictions. However, in my view, any consideration must also be based on market conditions affecting our operations. Second, NRG has a history of financial transparency in its reporting practices and I expect to maintain that level of detail, while improving our practices as needed. And finally, as I continue to integrate myself into NRG's business, I look forward to meeting many of our investors and analysts as possible over the coming weeks and months. With that, I'll turn it back to David for closing comments and questions.
David Crane: Well, thank you, Chris, and John. In particular, I want to thank you, Gerry, for pitching in for the last six months and we look forward to continuing to work with you on the Board. Now turning back to the presentation in nuclear development on Slide 24. The current status of the STP 3 & 4 project is really quite simple. Everything depends on actions, which will be taken in Washington sometime in the next several weeks. Almost two years after we filed our application for a Federal loan guarantee and a full five years after such loan guarantees were authorized by the Energy Policy Act of 2005, which is what triggered our development of STP 3 & 4, we are now in the absolute final stage of DOE consideration of our loan guarantee application. As the DOE process has been both very demanding and highly iterative, we are confident that we have done everything reasonably requested of us to satisfy the government's concerns, which have been ably and forcedly expressed by the DOE staff and their consultants on behalf of the American taxpayer. An Act, which has been focused on ensuring the credit quality of the proposed loan guarantee. As such and while we have no assurance that at this time from the DOE or from any other branch of the U.S. government that we will be awarded a guarantee, we are and we remain confident in our position. The issue that exists is one of appropriations and timing. While the Obama administration is seeking to expand the Nuclear Loan Guarantee Program in the next budget cycle. The next budget cycle is months away and right now, they have two projects, our project and Constellation's Calvert Cliffs project, which are at the same place in the process and each asking for about $7 billion in loan guarantees when there is a little more than $10 billion of currently appropriated and available. Moreover, while not NRG and we don't believe Constellation based on statements they have made, are in a position to carry their project through to the next budget cycle at a cash burn rate that will keep their project or our project on track. We believe there is very strong bipartisan support across a broad swath of the executive and legislative branches to make it possible for the U.S. government to support both projects without disruption. We believe our public policymakers in Washington recognize and appreciate that much has been invested by Constellation and NRG in these massive greenhouse gas reducing infrastructure projects, and that these projects represent a large number of present and future American jobs. As the vanguard of the nuclear renaissance, the success of these projects is essential to the buildout of the domestic nuclear supply chain that will be needed for the United States to be cost competitive in the burgeoning global market for nuclear power plants. But as we all know, it can be a very long way in Washington from good intention to positive outcome. So we at NRG are prepared both for a positive result and a negative result. Our plans for both outcomes is outlined in broad-brushed terms on Slide 25. If we get a full loan guarantee, we move forward to the next steps in a cash-prudent manner. If we do not, we essentially suspend work on the project and reduce the external cash burn to near zero, while we seek to mitigate our exposure to the project today. Notwithstanding our contingency plan for what we do if we don't win, you should walk away from this conference call knowing that, we, the management of NRG, are very confident that we will secure Federal loan guarantee. It is equally important for you to understand that such a win would indeed be a big win for NRG shareholders and would not be a de facto loss as some of you may be previous to today's announcement might have thought. If we win, we will pursue the project vigorously on all critical path items. But we nonetheless, will significantly reduced our planned burn rate on project engineering. Recognizing that we don't need to be as far along as the time our CLO [collateralized loan obligation] is expected to be granted as we had previously planned. Moreover, as depicted on Slide 26, in part due to the buy-in and participation of TEPCO, and as a result of various additional sources of project funding, we expect to fund STP through the critical stages of 2010 with a call on NRG's cash resources, which is while still significant, very manageable relative to the size of the project opportunity. If we get past the loan guarantee, there are two more critical steps in 2010 as outlined on Slide 27. First, as we outlined at our Analyst Day last November, we need to confirm that Toshiba and Flor [ph] can and will build the project for $10 billion or less. Very detailed work is being done on this issue as we speak and it's progressing satisfactorily. Then armed with a reliable EPC number, we then need to confirm off-take with the off-take partners with whom we currently have Memorandum of Understanding for a significant portion of the new plants output. In this respect, I know there is concern in the market that those off-take agreements will not be available at a viable price level, as a result of the decline in natural gas prices over the past couple of years. While of course, I cannot provide you assurance until binding agreements have been signed, our analysis indicates that if you take into account, first the fact that the natural gas forward curve is in contango. Second, the $18 per megawatt hour production tax credit under the Energy Policy Act of 2005. Third, the benefit of fuel diversification to load serving entities in Texas, many of whom are almost entirely dependent on gas-fired generation at this time. And fourth, if you ascribe a modest amount of value to the future value of the full carbon hedge provided by nuclear, we believe we have a very good chance of success at arranging sufficient off-take for this project and ensure project viability at an equity return that makes it worthwhile from the perspective of NRG. And I should say, that's at a risk adjusted return of equity that is appropriate for a nuclear power plant. Which brings me to the last point, which I wanted to address directly, before opening the lines for questions. And I wanted to address the issue of shareholder value in the context of our nuclear development project. All of us on this call, whether you're a regular shareholder of NRG or an employee shareholder of NRG as all of us from the company are, we can agree on one thing and that's it we're unhappy with the company's share price performance over the past several months. This is particularly frustrating for many of us in the company because as depicted on Slide 29, we feel that our stock has been under pressure over the past months despite several obvious wins, which we have achieved. It has become increasingly clear to us that we cannot hope to create upward momentum in our share price simply by posting more and more achievements in the win column. We need to address directly the factors which overhang our stock, namely bearish stock price settlement and concern about the cost risk and prospects of our nuclear development. With respect to gas prices, there obviously is nothing we can do about the trajectory of gas prices themselves but we can diversify our expected cash flow streams away from near total dependence directly or indirectly on natural gas prices as existed as was the case for NRG before we bought Reliant. A key differentiation point between us and our current peer group of merchant generators now and increasingly in the future, is that we see the path to maximum shareholder value creation as something different from just lining up as many power plants as you can get your hands on. So that you can sell as many megawatt hours that you can at natural gas derived prices. We see the future in terms of a dual strategy, which we depicted on Slide 30. That is using our core wholesale generation plus retail strength, as a platform to spring board into a range of non-natural gas correlated revenue and free cash flow streams, such as renewable energy credits, carbon credits, payments for capacity, firming and other auxiliary services and green energy service business, whether associated with smart meters, electric vehicle infrastructure or both. And in most if not all these areas, our unique position in wholesale and retail and in Texas, gives us a substantial competitive advantage. We began the process last November by showing Slide 31 at our Analyst Day, of laying out for you our objective that by the latter part of this decade, we will roughly double the company's recurring free cash flow to our first mover push into the areas I just mentioned. That push is led from a free cash flow perspective by what we hope and expect to achieve in low carbon base load power, principally nuclear and in renewables, principally solar. You can expect that as we go forward on the quarterly calls and Analyst Days to come, that we will fill out this picture and demonstrate to you how we are going about achieving this financial objective. Doubling our recurring free cash flow in a few years may strike you as ambitious. But of course, that is what we achieved from 2006, our first year with Texas Genco through 2009. So finally, in conclusion, on Slide 22 (sic)[32], new advanced nuclear power plays a fundamental part in our plan, as I believe it does in the future energy mix of our increasingly low carbon society. Nothing has more confirmed that to me than the Obama Administration's announcement earlier this year that it was seeking $54 billion of nuclear loan guarantee authority, being that support for new nuclear in Washington is now fully bipartisan. $54 billion of loan guarantees mean $70-plus billion of new nuclear projects, enough to fund eight to 10 new plants. I believe that the United States starts to build 10 new nuclear plants, then inevitably, our country will build 100 as we need to do. That means new nuclear power will be a $500-billion to $700-billion market, and we at NRG have the opportunity through the STP 3 & 4 projects to be the first mover in an industry, which certainly will follow the lead of the successful first movers. That is why we have taken on this challenge in order to access this once-in-a-business-lifetime opportunity. We will pursue this opportunity aggressively but I hope you are convinced after today's presentation, we will not pursue it irrationally or in a manner that is financially imprudent. And we will not proceed without a near-term Federal loan guarantee commitment. With that, Chanel, we'd be very pleased to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Daniel Eggers of Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: David, I guess just kind of in this conversation, just to make sure we're fully clear. Your view is that you're not going to go forward with South  Texas without getting the Federal loan guarantees, this time through and the next few weeks. And if you do not get those, then you go on a cold stop. Does that mean you would reconsider going forward in building if the President's budget is expanded?
David Crane: Obviously, Dan, it's a good question, it's a hypothetical question. I mean, I think if we do not get awarded the loan guarantee at this time, probably what we would do and this is first addressing your characterization as a cold stop, is that and we would have to see what the cost of this would be. But we would probably shut down everything except we might keep the license process going. Our initial estimate is just see the license through would cost less than $10 million a year. And given where we are and the fact that certainly, one thing we would be doing would be trying to mitigate the amount we've spent through sort of selling the intellectual property to other people who might want to be pursuing that type of project. We probably would try and carry through to get the license done, unless it was too expensive. Apart from that, if they came back a year from now, when the -- further money has been authorized and said, you can have your loan guarantee now and we basically wound down everything, we would have to look at them. We would have to look at the circumstances at the time. One thing is when you unwind an effort like this, as they say, it's hard to put Humpty Dumpty back together again. So I wouldn't be overly confident that we could come back and resurrect the project a year from now.
Dan Eggers: David, one of the lines in your presentation suggests that maybe some sort of additional appropriation on the short-run basis to give both of you and Constellation, your full loan guarantees now. Is that something you're hearing actual work on or it's just a hope as a way of trying to keep two good projects alive?
David Crane: Well, I think there's a lot of work being done. I think there are a lot of people in Washington, Certainly, people in our end and I would presume on Constellation, that are suggesting various ways that this dilemma could be solved. And additional appropriations outside the normal budget cycle is probably most prominent on that list, as the government does do appropriations outside of the budget cycle. And while the amount of money that we would be talking about, the shortfall of the $14 billion needed minus the $10 billion they have, $4 billion sounds like a very large number. My understanding of the appropriations that they would actually have to put through the process, would actually just be essentially the cost of the loan premium, which is a number that I've heard -- that less than $100 million. So that is definitely not insurmountable. But at this point, I'm not in a position to preclude any of the variety of ways that people inside and outside the government have suggested that, for the government to resolve this conundrum. We'd be happy with any of the ones that work.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar of Bank of America.
Ameet Thakkar: David, could you just kind of help us kind of reconcile, I guess, the seemingly different, I guess, dollar per KW valuations that CPS recently paid, and then what TEPCO is paying today? And then I guess kind of what the original transaction with Toshiba. Could you kind of help us understand that or how we should at least look at it?
David Crane: Well, I'm not sure, Ameet, I saw the -- I think that the number that TEPCO has paid, it's quite comparable to the number that Toshiba paid a couple of years ago. I've seen attempts to analyze it against what CPS or what we have -- what do you mean by what we proposed to pay CPS, the $80 million that we would pay if we get the loan guarantee?
Ameet Thakkar: The $80 million that you would pay to them to get the loan guarantee program. Plus, I mean they're going to get, I guess, roughly 7% or 8% of the capacity of the project in return for the capital if they had kind of spent when they kind of exited the project. I believe that was around $300 million?
David Crane: Ameet, it's very to do this without sort of going through a spreadsheet. And we would be happy to make a best effort at doing that. Because one of the problem is, with development is that the money being invested at this stage is neither very valuable or it's really worth nothing. It's fairly binary. I mean, what I would tell you is on its phase, us paying $80 million to CPS for their 40-some percent interest that we're gaining from them. Obviously, TEPCO paying $280 million to get 18% of project, one looks much better than the other. But it's really hard to compare. As you say, then you have this sort of present value, what the carried interest that CPS would have starting in 2017. So we will try and put some thing like that together. But it's very much an apple and orange comparison.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra of Simmons & Company.
Neel Mitra: I was wondering if you can comment on the chances that the DOE would split a loan guarantee with you and Constellation, and what exactly would happen if that were the case? Would you proceed or would you stop the project at that point?
David Crane: Well, I think it's a very, very good question, Neel. And I would say that I think the chance of the DOE and I could be wrong about this. Again, it's the government and I'm not necessarily an expert. But certainly, we have never gotten any indication from the DOE that they would do that. Because if you think about the government's position, the people at the DOE and then the government generally have worked this hard on this over the last couple of years as we have. And I think that the last thing that the government wants to do is announce two partial awards, two $5 billion awards for two companies that were seeking $7 billion. And then have both companies respond the next day by essentially suspending their project. Because while $5 billion sounds like a large number, if you think of the delta between the $5 billion and the $7-plus billion, that's an enormous amount of equity to raise. And so we again, we cannot speak for Constellation even though I've tried to do that several times during this call. But on behalf of NRG and NINA's perspective, we have run the numbers and we've conveyed to the government that we cannot go forward with half of the existing money.
Neel Mitra: Are the put options that you're using to hedge, are they being reflected in the hedge percentages now going forward?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, They're not reflected yet. I think, when we go into our second quarter earnings call, you will see it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brandon Blossman of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brandon Blossman: I guess just following up Neel's question on hedging. The incremental hedge position for '10, does that reflect a reduction in plant generation or is that actually incremental positions?
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, you're right. I mean, that reflects basically the lower generation that we're seeing because of lower gas prices. At this point, as we're going into the summer season, we have decided to keep the imbalance between our hedges and our respective generation and we will rebalance as we go through the summer.
Brandon Blossman: Jason, can you give any color or comment on quarter-over-quarter Mass, Retail margins? I mean you obviously, a stellar performance in Texas retail this quarter.
Jason Few: We don't give margins between Mass and C&I. But overall, we talked about our margins in the November Analyst Meeting, we talked about being able to maintain $20 margins throughout 2010. And obviously to the first quarter, we've been able to perform better than that. But we really do try to manage against the value equation and take the opportunities when they present themselves to perform better than we outlook back in November. And so during the first quarter, we're able to achieve that between both the Mass and the C&I business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson of Wunderlich Securities.
James Dobson: David, on the additional 10% that TEPCO has an option on for the $30 million, are there any other terms associated with that other than the contingency for the loan guarantees?
David Crane: As you could tell from my -- the way that I expressed it. I take TEPCO's investment to be the full amount, which is essentially paid in two stages. There are no conditions precedent, attached to the second piece, the second tranche. But obviously, and as you saw the way it was structured, they are paying $30 million as part of the first payment in order to have that option. So certainly, legally, contractually, they have the right to stick at the original amount. But certainly, I have no expectation that if the project is proceeding, they will do that, they will come forward with the second portion. Because the comfort zone in terms of the size of the project they wanted was in the 20% range.
James Dobson: I'm not sure if this question is for Chris or Gerry. In reading or understanding your comments around the RP basket, it sort of sounded as if you are backing away from a commitment to sort of solve that this year. Did I misinterpret that or is it a little bit unfocused?
David Crane: Well, I'll turn that one to Chris. But, Jay, I would say I don't think we've ever made a firm commitment to actually at any price get the RP basket issue resolved. But you're right, just to make sure that semantically we're on the same page, that we certainly have said we would undertake to give it the old college try, to do it at a reasonable price, if we could do it at a reasonable price. But, Chris?
Christian Schade: I just amplify what David said. Certainly, I understand the issue at hand. And I will be looking into it in the very near term to make a decision. But any decision we make, as I said in my prepared remarks, is going to be based on the overall business and the current market we're operating.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Can you quantify the impact of weather on the Retail business during the quarter? And two, am I reading that the Padomo win gain on sales is included in the adjusted EBITDA number?
David Crane: I'll take the easy answer, Michael, and then ask Jason do the -- well, actually they're both pretty easy. But he'll do the first one. The second one, the answer is yes. That the gain on sale at Padomo is in the adjusted EBITDA. Jason, do you want to talk about the impact of weather?
Jason Few: Sure, David. We saw a colder winter than normal in Texas. And so that created an opportunity for us against not only our month-to-month customer base but our fixed-price customers on the Mass side, actually, expand margins given the lower gas prices. And so the one thing about weather is that it has more of an immediate impact in our performance even though we've showed strong results with respect to our attrition rate on our customer count. Weather has had a much bigger impact on our first quarter results given the colder winter.
Michael Lapides: Can you quantify that in either terawatt hours or in kind of dollars, millions, just throw some numbers around that?
Jason Few: What I'd like to do maybe we can take that offline and I'll take you through it in some more detail.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A session. I now like to turn the call back over to management.
David Crane: Chanel, I think that as you say we're done. We appreciate everyone taking the time this morning. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you, for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the NRG Energy quarter four and year end 2009 earnings conference call. My name is Geena, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Nahla Azmy, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Geena. Good morning. And welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end 2009 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call, presentation and press release through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will also be available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up. Now, for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement, during the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is February 23, 2010 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information to most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of these figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Now with that, I’d like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla and good morning, everyone. With me today is and delivering part of the presentation are John Ragan, our Chief Operating Officer; and Gerry Luterman, our Chief Financial officer. Also available today to answer any questions that you might have in their respective areas are Mauricio Gutierrez, who runs Commercial operations for the company; and Jason Few, who runs Reliant. So today on the 25th quarterly earnings call in the history of the new NRG, we are pleased to report on a financial result for 2009 that was truly historic in its dimension. The professionals who constitute NRG turned in an extraordinary year in 2009 even though it was the second year of a severe recession, it was a year in which national electricity demand decreased year-on-year for an unprecedented second year in a row, it was a year in which we faced relentlessly declining prices for our key commodities and it was a year in which the capital markets were still in very early stages of recovery from their near-death experience the previous fall. And in all of that -- and all of that was 2009, NRG delivered top quartile performance in safety and plant operations not withstanding that certain of our coal units were called upon to cycle more frequently, a baseload hedging strategy that insulated the company's financial performance, making the record financial year possible, effective and efficient integration of Reliant retail into NRG in all phases of business culture and management and most importantly in mitigating the risk around Reliant's wholesale supply and savvy and proactive execution across all phases of our balance sheet program, notwithstanding the challenging capital market environment, including completion of a sizable share buyback equating to between 8% and 9% of our market, significant pay down of our current corporate debt and the sale of two subsidiaries at significant cash gain for the company. And finally, in 2009, we achieved significant enhancements to the company's asset platform, enhancements like Reliant that made sense financially and presented investors with a business profile for the overall company that is significantly different and better than the profile of other competitive power generators, enhancements like Bluewater Wind, the leading offshore wind developer in the United States, Blythe the largest operating photovoltaic plant in the United States and the eSolar development projects. These are among the first and most visible steps we have taken in preparing our company for success in the new energy economy. What it all adds up to, as you look at slide five, is a year that was just phenomenal financially, indeed we shattered records on both adjusted EBITDA and cash from operations. It was a year that also positioned us for further success because as we move assertively to point our business at the plethora of opportunities we see open to us in the new energy economy, we do so with a $3.8 billion war chest, $2.3 billion of which represents cash on hand. Now, Gerry is going to talk to you about the 2010 capital allocation plan being launched today. But even with the considerable funds being deployed to pay down debt and return capital to shareholders, we retain a lot of firepower to deploy against these new opportunities. We are actively looking to deploy that capital where it makes sense economically as well as strategically. As we have been in the past, we will be transactionally opportunistic but economically disciplined. So to talk about how we achieved such an impressive result in 2009, I want to turn it over to John Ragan.
John Ragan: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. NRG operations ended the year with strong fourth quarter performance and concluded 2009 on very solid footing. By most performance measures, 2009 was one of our best years even as NRG faced some of the most challenging operating and commercial conditions since 2004. Our relenting focus on safety helped NRG achieve the second-safest year in our history with a 1.16 OSHA incident rate, better than the industry's top quartile level of 1.32. As we exited the first quarter of 2009 with a recordable rate of 1.47, we increased our focus on daily safety activities and were successful improving our performance during the remaining nine months of the year. We believe a disciplined approach and emphasis on safety sets our cultural foundation at NRG and provides the catalyst to achieve superior operating results. In 2009, our baseload equivalent availability or EAF, primary measure of plant performance was 90.5%, also above the industry's top quartile measure. 2009 was also a milestone for our EPC group with a significant increase in projects in scope from a year ago. We started 2009 by successfully delivering into operations two major air emissions projects at Huntley. Additionally, we began and completed four more backend control projects for our units at Dunkirk. We also successfully completed and delivered Cedar Bayou 4 into operations, our first natural gas fired combined cycle project, which has run at a 63% net capacity factor since its June commission. On the renewables front, two new projects, the Langford Wind project in Texas at our first solar project Blythe Solar in Southern California entered into service in 2009. Currently, our EPC group has three projects in progress starting during the last year. The Connecticut GenCon repowering projects at Devon and Middletown, as well as, the backend control project at Indian River 4 in Delaware. From a commercial operations standpoint, the team also ended the year strong by working with the entire NRG organization to complete the unwind of the Merrill Lynch credit sleeve structure, which reduced significant specific collateral obligations for the organization while also continuing to hedge both our wholesale and retail portfolio requirements for 2010. Now, turning to slide eight for more detail on our performance, net generation continued to trend below 2008 levels, although to a lesser extent in the fourth quarter as compared to earlier in the year. 2009 coal generation was lower than 2008 in all regions. This was caused by reduced electric demand triggering more reserve shutdowns than we have seen in the past and increased baseload plant cycling caused by coal-to-gas displacement as gas became the marginal generation of fuel especially in the Northeast. While our gas and oil plant generation in the fourth quarter was in line with the year ago period at 1.5 terawatt hours, 2009 performance was below 2008 by 4.8%. Baseload EAF was below the 2008 levels for the quarter and the year. During the fourth quarter, this was primarily due to experiencing more planned outages than a year ago and an extended outage for STP unit 1. The lower EAF for the full year was mostly attributable to an increase in the number of unit trips that related to the higher level of thermal cycling of our coal units. A couple of operating highlights for the quarter and the year include the 99.8% availability factor for the limestone plant during Q4 and the notable 20% improvement for the year-end EAF at the Huntley plant when compared to 2008 performance. While we are currently not seeing the level of coal-to-gas displacement that we experienced in 2009, one of the primary focus areas during 2010 is to work with our plant operations team to become more proficient at dealing with the cycling of coal plants. Two examples of how we plan to improve on our performance include increased monitoring of boiler temperatures during ramping and start-up revolutions and maintaining improved controls over start-up water chemistry. Our goal will be to minimize the impact on availability if and when we see the same level of cycling that we experienced during the past year. As for our retail business, the chart on the bottom left of slide eight shows customer sales and counts by segment. Our Q4 sales volumes in the Mass segment showed little impact from weather as temperatures in ERCOT were on average closed in normal over the quarter. Despite selectively lowering customer prices during Q2, we continued to experience some attrition in the fourth quarter and for the year as competitors took more aggressive pricing actions. Offsetting this was lower market power prices which drove solid margins for the Mass segment even with lower customer count, our pricing and risk management execution throughout 2009 resulted in financial performance that exceeded our plan. For the Commercial and Industrial segment, the Group was active in signing and renewing existing contracts during the fourth quarter. The segment did experience some customer attrition due to lower success in resigning legacy contracts that were due to expire. However, on the positive side of the ledger, Reliant improved its performance in winning new customers, such as Continental Airlines and American General Life and ended the quarter ahead of its internal new customer plan. This performance is reflective of a changing customer base coupled with the slowing of the segment's growth that occurred during the first four months of 2009 under prior ownership. As shown on the bottom right chart, the FORNRG 2.0 program, which began in early 2009, is off to a very good start. The program's goal is to achieve a $150 million improvement return on invested capital by 2012. At the end of 2009, we had achieved slightly more than half of that goal. The continued buy-in from our plant operations was very apparent in 2009 based on the number of projects that were identified at the majority of our plant sites, the diligence of each of our plant managers to make sure their peers were aware of the specific projects and then determining the applicability of these projects to other plants across the NRG fleet. As with many efficiencies programs, additional improvements will be more challenging to achieve as we move through time. However, due to our strong start in 2009, we have increased our goal from the previous $70 million to $89 million in 2010. Turning to slide nine, you can see that U.S. industrial production, especially in Texas, seems to have turned a corner following the deepest economic contraction since the great depression. Both the Texas and the U.S. indexes are trending in a positive direction with Texas continuing to lead the recovery from a national perspective. As shown in the chart on the upper left, the Texas region was more resilient during the downturn due to less impact on heavy industry industrial demand along with continued strength shown in residential and commercial sectors. This dynamic led to a faster recovery of electricity demand in taxes, relative to the mid-Atlantic region and in general to most other regions throughout the United States. Texas demand recovered over the course of 2009 and indeed was up an additional 1.3% this past January on a weather normalized basis. Staying with Texas for a moment, as you can see in the chart on the bottom left, forward rates have remained stable and well supported during the fourth quarter and have increased for all forward years during 2009. This market dynamic is primarily driven by the expectations around economic expansion and recent load growth, the impact of capital constraints over the past two years that will affect future generation projects and the uncertainty around future environmental and legislative actions. In fact, in its December report, ERCOT expects reserve margins will fall to 12.3% in 2014 and 10.2% in 2015 below ERCOT's targeted level of 12.5%. Turning to natural gas economics, we have continued to see growth in unconventional onshore gas supplies despite a lower commodity price environment. However, we still expect the market to rebalance during 2010 with gas demand moving higher in the supply stack where full cycle production costs range between $6 and $8. Additionally, gas prices have been held down this winter due to high storage levels exceeding the five-year average. Nevertheless, we do expect the storage to continue to fall due to above normal heating demand. The storage surplus, which at 1-point was over 500 Bcf above the five-year average at the beginning of December, is just 53 Bcf as of last week. As 2010 progresses, gas price fundamentals will continue to be influenced by multiple factors, including further delineation of wellbore productivities in the new shale basins, incremental LNG deliveries, demand changes due to extreme weather variances, recovering industrial demand and tropical storm activity. On slide 10, as you can see from our baseload and retail hedge chart on the top left, we are completely hedged for our baseload portfolio through 2010 and well hedged for 2011. We are continuing to price load for our retail position by opportunistically matching generation and load, as well as, utilizing a variety of other products to manage both price and volumetric risk. Most of the forward year hedges for retail load comprised longer term commercial and industrial transactions, while the Mass portfolio tends to be shorter dated in nature and will be hedged based on the market fundamentals at the time of contracting. For our baseload generation, we will continue to look for market opportunities to hedge through years 2011 and beyond. Concerning our coal and coal transport hedges, baseload coal fleet is well hedged through 2014 from a transportation viewpoint and well hedged from a coal perspective through 2011. During 2010, we are more than 90% hedged for both the commodity and our transportation requirements for our baseload fleet. As we have shown in the past, the lower left chart illustrates NRG's sensitivity to gas and heat rate changes for the five-year planning horizon. In 2010, we have an inverse gas price exposure based on our current hedge position. This is caused by small changes in expected generation as prices vacillate throughout the quarter. Currently, expected generation is approximately 4% less than when our hedges were executed therefore, we are slightly over hedged. We expect this variance will flatten throughout the year. Additionally, we tend to be more levered to changes in natural gas prices as compared to heat rate changes as illustrated on the chart. In closing, I want to summarize our primary goals for 2010 from within the operations organization. We will continue to maintain our industry leading safety and operating performance and will strive for top-decile performance in every area of our business. There is no higher priority for our organization. We’ll continue to execute our commercial plan to maximize the value of the wholesale and retail business in 2010 while balancing collateral requirements of the combined portfolio. Our commercial operations team will continue to keep a keen eye on the market and look for attractive opportunities to hedge the forward portfolio in the most collaterally efficient way. We expect to meet or exceed our FORNRG 2.0 target for this year. Finally, our EPC group will focus on completing our traditional fossil construction projects on time and on budget while developing new methods to construct our future renewable projects in the most cost efficient manner. Now, I’ll turn it over to Gerry, who will discuss our financial results.
Gerry Luterman: Thank you, John. Good morning. And thank you once again for joining our call today. Beginning with our 2009 financial summary on slide 13, the company delivered strong financial results with a fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $489 million, a 21% increase from a year ago. As a result, NRG reported record full year adjusted EBITDA of $2.618 billion, marking a 14% increase over the past year. Adjusted cash from operations increased 26% to a record $1.862 billion for the full year. Liquidity for the company continues to grow with a year-end total of $3.8 billion, including $2.3 billion in cash, excluding funds deposited by counterparties. Focusing on the 2009 capital allocation plan, I’m pleased to say that we have successfully completed all of our previous commitments, including a $500 million share repurchase program with 19.3 million shares purchased. In addition, on December 31st, we made an early payment on the 2010 term loan B suite totaling $200 million, which brings the total payment to $429 million for the year. You cannot close 2009 from a financial and capital allocation viewpoint without noting the significant strides made in our business and development profile, including the purchase of Reliant, the acquisition of Blythe, our move into offshore wind through Bluewater, repowering the Cedar Bayou unit 4 and the development of Langford. Slide 14 presents the quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA bridge or waterfall slide. Looking at the year-over-year results, the significant contribution made by Reliant stands out at $642 million in adjusted EBITDA, excluding the $89 million impact related to the credit sleeve unwind. The Mass and C&I business within retail combined to build 38 terawatt hours. 2009 results benefited from warmer than normal weather in the summer with cooling degree days up about 10%. Transaction and integration costs for the year totaled $54 million and are excluded from adjusted EBITDA. Now, quickly looking at the individual regions, the Texas region's results declined by $214 million from $1.543 billion in 2008 to $1.329 billion in 2009, driven largely by lower realized power prices across the fleet. If you recall, ERCOT experienced congestion prices in May and June of 2008 that led to unusually high prices for the region. In addition to natural gas prices which were more than double those in 2009. In addition, average energy prices in the Houston zone decreased by nearly 60% year-over-year. This decline in energy prices coupled with lower generation of 1.9 million megawatt hours was driven largely by cycling at the region's coal plants, negatively impacted results by $174 million. The South Central region had adjusted EBITDA of $81 million in 2009, a decrease of $64 million from the 2008 EBITDA of $145 million. There were a number of factors that contributed to the decline, including an $80 million decline in contract revenue due to the expiration of a contract with a regional utility. Although the region had increased merchant sales of approximately 800,000 megawatt hours, a 45% lower year-over-year average merchant sales price reduced merchant revenue sharply. Of significant note, during peak periods, the average spark spread declines significantly year-over-year as average gas prices fell 56%. And finally, 2008 results included unrealized gains related to physical energy sales which did not repeat in 2009. Our international results were impacted by the sale of MIBRAG in June of 2009. Although the sale resulted in a gain of $128 million, which was excluded from EBITDA, we recognized only six months of equity earnings in 2009 versus a full year of earnings a year earlier. And finally, although we didn't highlight this, adjusted EBITDA for the Northeast region was $468 million, a decrease of $7 million from a year ago. Stronger energy margins were offset by higher property taxes due to diminished Empire Zone tax benefits, higher operating expenses including a $12 million write-off at Indian River, which was associated with the planned cancellation of environmental construction work at unit 3. Slide 15 outlines the company's liquidity position as of year end. Total liquidity, excluding funds deposited by hedge counterparties stood at $3.8 billion, an increase of $430 million, the increase in liquidity from year end 2008 was largely driven by the $796 million increase in cash highlighted on the upper right hand portion of the slide. The drivers of this increase are $1.8 billion from adjusted cash from operations, a $248 million net debt issuance which includes the June issuance of 8.5% senior notes due 2019 with net proceeds of $678 million. This was offset by the term loan B pay down of approximately $429 million, half of which was related to the early payment I mentioned before and thirdly, $284 million in net proceeds from the sale of MIBRAG. These items were offset by the Reliant acquisition cost of $360 million, $734 million in CapEx and $500 million in share repurchases. During 2009, NRG issued letters of credit from both a synthetic and the revolver totaling $372 million primarily to replace collateral held by counterparties following the credit sleeve unwind. Additionally, $59 million was issued in connection with the tax-exempt bonds to help finance environmental CapEx at Dunkirk with the remainder primarily in support of our commercial operation trade positions. Our lean structure indicates we certainly have sufficient capacity. So all in all, we are in a good place with our liquidity position, providing us a strong platform for ongoing operations and growth. Turning to slide 16, it illustrates our full-year 2009 free cash flow position. Free cash flow from recurring operations came in at $1.579 billion, a 27% increase over 2008 results. This was driven by the $327 million increase in EBITDA, largely due to the performance of our retail business with income tax and income payments essentially flat. Year-over-year, the large offsetting swing in our collateral posting and working capital are linked and driven by the closeout of commercial positions in the first quarter of this year. Maintenance CapEx rose by $68 million in 2009 and includes $24 million associated with the integration of Reliant energy. After net environmental and repowering CapEx, our free cash flow increased by $761 million to a record level $1.25 billion. Now, turning to slide 17, the results of our 2009 capital allocation plan shows significant accomplishments. In summary, for the year, we completed the share repurchase of $500 million totaling 19.3 million shares at an average price of $25.88. Since 2004, the company has repurchased $2.4 billion of stock totaling 101.3 million shares at an average cost of $23.92. On October 5th, we successfully completed the unwind of our retail credit sleeve, which had a net impact of a $157 million increase to our corporate liquidity. Much of this was discussed in the third quarter conference call. And finally, on October 9th, we completed a full unwind of the Common Stock Finance II structure, also known as CSF II. In that context, NRG made a $181 million payment and received 5.4 million shares of the company borrowed under the share lending agreement and released approximately 9.5 million common shares held as collateral for the CSF II debt. Now, turning to our 2010 outlook on slide 18, we are pleased to reaffirm our full-year EBITDA guidance of $2.2 billion and we increased our guidance for free cash flow from recurring operations by $96 million to $1.175 billion. The increase is being driven by lower income taxes of $75 million and a reduction of maintenance CapEx by $21 million. Please note free cash flow, however, is being reduced by $344 million as a result of the planned increase in ownership of STP 3 and 4. This is offset by lower environmental CapEx as a result of the planned cancellation of construction work at Indian River Unit 3. Looking at our guidance in a slightly different way on slide 19, based on last night's closing stock price of $23.70 and shares outstanding of $262 million, the free cash flow per share stood at $4.48 while the yield stood at a not inconsiderable 19.4%. Turning now to slide 20, the capital allocation plan for 2010, starting with the share repurchase program, the board of directors has approved $180 million in share repurchases for the year in line with our original commitment of 3% of market cap. Furthermore, the company will invest $468 million in maintenance and environmental CapEx in existing assets. In addition to $598 million net in repowering projects, which include STP 3 and 4. The Company also anticipates making an additional payment to the term loan B facility of approximately $230 million, which could bring the total payments on the 2010 cash flow suite to approximately $430 million. The pay down of CSF 1 of $248 million is also reflected in our numbers. Finally, in slide 21, I'd like to close by taking a moment to briefly review our cap structure and how the company is positioned to take advantage of the growth initiatives outlined by senior management. Since 2006, NRG's management has had a continued focus on prudent balance sheet management. As you can see on the left hand side of the slide, total debt decreased by $400 million while stockholders equity increased 35% to $7.7 billion, including stock buybacks. Consistent with this, the rating agencies have increased the ratings for the company and our credit statistics have moved to within targeted range. In closing, the strength of our balance sheet and strong liquidity positions, coupled with our culture of prudent cash flow management creates I believe a wonderful platform for our anticipated growth. With that, I’ll turn it back to David for closing comments and questions.
David Crane: Well, thank you, Gerry. And before I make those comments, I want to thank you for those results. I also want to thank you for pitching in this quarter, if we stick to our previously announced schedule for hiring a new CFO by the end of the first quarter, which I fully expect that we will, you won't be here to accept my congratulations on the first quarter call. So I want to thank you for all that you've done over the last few months. Now, before we open the telephone line for Q&A, I want to address three important areas of the business which, judging from the questions we have received have been much on investors' minds over the past several months as they also have been focused on by me and the rest of the NRG organization over the same period of time. First, Reliant, obviously Reliant, led by Jason Few and his team had a spectacular year in 2009. After such a year, the questions that naturally arise are, these results sustainable over several years, are they susceptible to bad years, given the boom and bust cycle of the Reliant retail business under previous ownership and are the indirect costs of running the retail business in terms of credit requirements prohibitive? I am looking at slide 23. Reliant achieved the success that it did in 2009 by realizing retail margins almost double the per megawatt hour margin that we expect mid-cycle. Reliant did experience some customer attrition owing to competition in a lower price commodity market, but the rate of net attrition reduced substantially over the course of the year from 2.4% in quarter three to 1.6% in quarter four, a 30% improvement over the final months of the year and that metric continues to trend positive. Reliant remains the largest C&I provider in the state and during the year maintained the best rated rank with respect to customer complaints on powertochoose.com, which is the Texas electric choice education program website. As we look forward to 2010, our goal for Reliant is continuing our disciplined, methodical approach to the market, so that we can deliver gross margins higher than the $15 base case we presented in November. We seek to stabilize and then to begin to grow our customer count in Mass business through a variety of targeted marketing campaigns plus a more extensive rollout of our smart energy programs which are being financially supported by the $20 million stimulus funding received from the DOE. It is our view that the introduction and greater public acceptance of smart metering equipment and will benefit premium service-oriented retail providers like Reliant more than their price-only based competitors. With respect to the C&I segment, we remain at a comparatively early stage of resurrecting our C&I business, as it was essentially frozen for the better part of a year by our predecessors. We believe a resurgent C&I business in the current market environment can significantly expand C&I volume at or better than current margins. The C&I business also is the bridge into some potential brand extension for Reliant through electric vehicle services or other services that are logically related to retail electricity. We will be looking during 2010 to determine whether there is potential to extend the platform of Reliant as a brand. Through this approach, we're looking to add topline growth at Reliant even while we are realizing retail margins well above mid-cycle levels. The financial results of Reliant under NRG ownership tells a compelling story that's even more compelling if you consider what lay underneath it. Before our acquisition, the collateral requirement for Reliant was huge. In January 2009, a little bit over a year ago, the collateral requirement was $2 billion plus a contingent collateral need of 400 Bcf equivalent of gas. We knew over the course of the commodity price cycle we could do better than this. Our plan in general was and continues to be to hedge the retail portfolio in the market when prices are low and hedge the retail portfolio from internal generation when market prices are high, thus mitigating the collateral burden. Indeed, as demonstrated by the table on the right side of slide 24, we have reduced the posted collateral supporting the retail business by 70% in just the 10 months that we have owned the business. I guess it's actually nine months maybe. What all of this adds up to, to you and here on slide 25 I am repeating the point that we made at our investor conference in November, is that, given the steps that we've taken to make this a sustainable business, given the steps we've taken to eliminate the wholesale supply risk traditionally associated with this business by running a flat book, given the steps we've taken to mitigate the risk of extraordinary weather events and above all, given the effective integration of our Texas wholesale and retail businesses, we would encourage you in your sum of the parts the evaluation of NRG to consider all of Texas generation and Reliant as one part and apply one multiple, the multiple you intend to apply to all of NRG to that Texas part. Now, second, turning to environmental concerns and obviously, when we are talking about environmental concerns, particularly those that apply to coal-fired power generation, after eight years of hibernation, we have a suddenly resurgent EPA. And while we haven't seen anything particularly concrete or final yet, the power industry and its investors are deeply concerned with what the EPA may due to existing coal-fired generation. From my perspective, while the focus on the EPA is certainly appropriate and the uncertainty of what they might do and when they might do it is unwelcome to investors and CEOs alike. Our point of view is that, right now, we are at the point of maximum uncertainty and everyone is fearing the worst. Our strongly held view is that the reality of the EPA action, when it comes, will not be nearly as bad as it currently seems to sound. The EPA won't be in active, but in our opinion, it will be pragmatic. Indeed, in this regard, I think right now, with respect to potential EPA actions across the range of issues depicted on slide 26, we and you, the investors, are in a position almost exactly analogous to where we were 12 months ago with expect to carbon legislation. Back then, among investors there was tremendous fear of the unknown, fear of a climate change bill that would have a draconian impact on coal-fired power generation. What we said to you last year, we say to you again this year, don't overreact. As with Congress and climate change legislation last year, in this fragile economic environment, we don't expect the EPA to act in a precipitous or economically punitive fashion against coal-fired generation. An insofar as NRG is concerned. When you look at the full range of potential EPA action as illustrated on slide 26, you will conclude that relative to other coal generators, we are comparatively well placed. Our coal units tend to be bigger, younger and have a lot of back-end controls. Few of our units depend upon unmitigated once-through cooling and none of our units dispose of their coal residue into ash ponds. As a result of our proposed agreement with the state of Delaware with respect to Indian River 3, our projected environmental CapEx spend presented at the November analyst conference has fallen from roughly $900 million to $800 million over the 2010 to 2015 period, about $180 million a year on average. Thereafter, we will see, but even though we don't believe in the worst case, we want to quantify for you the worst-case EPA outcome, which for us would be the application of MACT on a per unit basis which would require us to scrub some additional units at Parish and Big Cajun II. Our current estimate is that the worst case, if we had to add back-end controls at all of these units, would be an additional environmental CapEx of roughly $925 million, the bulk of which we would expect would have to be expanded sometime after 2012. And in the case of the expenditure on BC II, which is close to half of that $925 million, the amount expended would be recoverable -- would be largely recoverable under the long-term co-op contract. To me, the bigger point with respect to coal-fired generation today is that the considerable environmental pressure and economic challenge to coal from natural gas that we anticipated in the late 1990s and which led to the glut of CCGT bills to deplace coal at that time is about to happen again a decade later. But this time and particularly in some parts of the country, there actually may be some coal retirement, because the 30 to 40-year-old coal plants at risk in the year 2000 are now 40 to 50-year-old coal plants. What this means for the industry is that, at least in the industrial Midwest through the mid-Atlantic states and up into New England as depicted on slide 27, I expect over the next few years we will see a wave of retirements of older and smaller coal units with the impact being that supply/demand will rebalance itself from the supply side much quicker than is currently anticipated, which will provide upside from present market conditions for all market participants, including coal generators with back-end controls. What this means for investors is that, while back in mid-2008 when natural gas was approaching $15 per million Btu, all coal plants were highly profitable and desirable. In this environmental natural gas price market, all coal units emphatically are not created equally. We believe that if you look at the coal assets of NRG from both an environmental and an economic perspective, you will agree that we are extremely well positioned. Now, finally to the third and final issue which is the CPS settlement around STP 3&4, I want to talk to you about the situation as it currently exists and recognizing that it is a moving picture. As you know, last week, our partner CPS announced and we confirmed in agreement and in principle intended to resolve the long-running dispute between CPS and our subsidiary, Nuclear Innovation North America or NINA. I want to describe that settlement, the rationale that underpins it and the management actions that we intend to engage in over the weeks and months ahead to improve the risk/reward balance around the anticipated cash spend on STP 3&4. But before I do that, I need to emphasize that the agreement announced last week was truly an agreement in principle. That agreement needs to be properly documented by the lawyers and agreed to by the parties. The documentation process, which is complicated and holds within it the potential for further business disagreements still arrives, is as of today not complete and I cannot give you assurance as to when it may be completed. But let's talk about the proposed transaction on the assumption that ultimately there is the deal. There are many ways to look at the proposed deal and since this is my presentation, starting on slide 28 and particularly on slide 29, I want to show you how I look at it. I apologize. To me the deal creates a sequence of options. Well, just I'm sorry for the confusion but actually what I would really like you to focus right now is slide 30. To me, the deal creates a sequence of options that begin quite inexpensively but become increasingly expensive to NRG as the project becomes more certain and consequently more valuable. At the first stage, we're making a $10 million charitable donation over four years. This donation, which pencils out to about $8 million net present value on a pretax basis resolves a situation which has been an obstacle, effectively preventing the project from achieving any of its important milestones, like the DOE loan guarantee or the inclusion of a third-party investor. These obstacles have now existed blocking the project since last October. We don't like to pay a hostage value but at least the amount being paid is manageable and the causes that it's being paid to are good. The second stage option, which in my mind is the absolute crux of the deal, is that if and when a conditional loan guarantee is awarded by the DOE, we will pay CPS $80 million in two installments over six months thereafter. And that's a very significant amount of money. But in return for that payment, we essentially receive all but 7.65% of the project. In other words, we receive 42.375% of the project, bringing NINA's total ownership to 92.375% and NRG's effective ownership taking into account the Toshiba minority interest in NINA into the low 80% range. While we and the other partners that we have now or would add in the future would have to assume responsibility for funding 100% of the ongoing project development cost, we would have full management control over the project development going forward. That $80 million payment gives us a nuclear development project with a critically important and very valuable government guaranteed debt financing assured. It enables us to push ahead over the course of 2010 to secure the remaining critical elements for project success. New investors, Japanese co-financing, the safety and environmental reports due from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, a worthwhile EPC estimate and sufficient PPA cover. We expect to have substantially all these critical elements in place by the end of 2010, which means we can focus 2011 on bringing in additional development partners and securing the combined operating license from the NRC. The 7.65% interest that CPS retains in the project is indeed valuable and low-risk, but the benefit of it is only realized if and when the plan comes into commercial operation which is currently scheduled to occur in the 2016 to 2017 timeframe. In summary, securing an option on 42.375% of a nuclear project with a very valuable conditional federal loan guarantee for $80 million is a great deal if the project goes forward. If the project does not go forward, it's an unsuccessful doubling down on our bid to lead the nuclear renaissance. We recognize that our investors are concerned with the potential cash burden of carrying forward with 100% of the project development on our shoulders. And I am sorry, I ask you to flip back to page 29 to look at this. I want to give each and every one of you my personal assurance that we are going to be very focused on reducing this cash burden to at or about the same level that we projected last November for the year 2000 going to do this. We are going to do this both by bringing in additional partners to the project and by rationalizing the engineering long lead-time items and other project costs down to those efforts and items that are absolutely necessary to keep the project on track with the DOE and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. We are at an early stage in this rationalization process. I expect to report back to you in greater detail hopefully with the DOE loan guarantee in hand on our first-quarter call at the end of April. Finally and in conclusion on the subject of nuclear, thanks to the CPS dispute, the news around the STP 3&4 project has been relentlessly negative for the past several months. And I knew the investors are well justified in asking questions about the company's continued commitment to this project. However, I want to make sure that investors do not lose sight of the nuclear opportunity and how much it has been enhanced over the past several weeks by events that have occurred in Washington or are about to occur. The award of a loan guarantee the Southern Company proves that after five long years since the nuclear loan guarantee program was authorized, that the program is for real. Secondly, the real possibility that the Kerry, Lieberman and Graham effort currently underway is going to result in the bipartisan call for a federal clean energy standard that will encompass nuclear and clean coal as well as traditional renewables, thereby creating compelling long-term demand for new nuclear plants. Finally, the request by the Obama administration for a total of $54 billion of nuclear loan guarantees, enough money for eight or nine new units, meaning that we are talking about a nuclear renaissance that could easily become a $70 billion market. It is not every day we have the opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a $70 billion market. In conclusion and on page 32, as we have traditionally done early in the year, we have set forth a checklist of some of the more important milestones we have to achieve in the months ahead. If you look back at milestone checklists from previous first-quarter calls, you will find that our track record of achievement is pretty good. This year, our goals are ambitious but attainable and all of us at NRG are already hard at work to achieve them. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our first-quarter call. So with that, Geena, I think we could open the phone for questions. And I think, since we have taken a long time if there's questions out there, we will try and answer questions for about 15 minutes.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar with Bank Of America. Please proceed.
Ameet Thakkar: Hi. Good morning.
David Crane: Good morning, Ameet.
Ameet Thakkar: Just on the $180 million share repurchase for the 2010 capital allocation program, it looks to me that you guys might have a little bit more cushion under the existing RP basket even do a little bit more. Is that correct? And when would you make that kind of determination if you wanted to upsize that program?
David Crane: Ameet, I will turn it over to Gerry to talk about the size of restricted payments in best but I would just of course point you to our past practices, that our history has not been won and done when it comes to the share buybacks each year. In the previous years, we’ve done more than one in the course of a year. So we would reserve the right, obviously, to do more as the year progresses. In terms of the timing of that, I don't think you should think of it as happening on the first-quarter call. We would tend to space these things. But Gerry, do you want to talk about the restricted payment there?
Gerry Luterman: I mean, the basket size right now is it stands at about $330 million. It's got two calls on it, meaning we have a payback on CSF I that has to be made and the share buyback. And you are right, Ameet, there is a little room under it. I mean, clearly, the driving force of this will be our performance. And as the year unfolds, the board will take a look at it and obviously try to respond to the situation as we see it. But at this point in time, the 3% commitment is the original commitment that was made. We want to reinforce that and it will be dependent on the performance of the company going forward.
Ameet Thakkar: Okay. and then just looking at the milestones for 2010, I guess one of the things I didn't see was addressing kind of the RP basket. I mean that was one of the things you guys highlighted at the Analyst Day. Have you guys made any headway on that front? And how should we think about that going forward?
Gerry Luterman: Just on the surface, you remember again that there's a 3% commitment that was put in place. Again, as a result, this is results-driven. And we have begun discussions with the bondholders. And obviously, we are trying collectively to find a price that works for both the shareholders and the bondholders at this point in time. So, we are in discussions at this point in time is a fair way to (inaudible).
David Crane: Yeah. Ameet, your eagle eye caught that. It wasn't milestone but I'll tell you that there's actually no significance due to the fact that it's not, what we said in November and we continue to adhere to.
Ameet Thakkar: Thank you, guys.
David Crane: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning. I just had a question. I guess CPS was stating that they were spending approximately $1 million a day in nuclear development costs when they were a 50% partner in the project. Now that you guys are picking up 100% of the development costs, is it reasonable to assume that, in 2010, you'll be spending approximately $2 million a day?
David Crane: Well, I think the numbers get thrown around quite a bit and it had a lot to do with the negotiations around accruals and invoices and things like that. I would say that, on a steady state, while it can be sort of lumpy depending on what you do in terms of the ordering of long lead-time materials on the sort of biggest portion of the spend, which is the engineering, I think the overall number, on average across 12 months is more like $1 million a day for 100% of the project. And so I think you would say that's the steady state number that we are focused on and we are focused on reducing that number by a significant amount.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thank you.
David Crane: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Dan Eggers: David, just on STP, a little bit more kind of your thought process on the willingness to find partners, the interest in finding partners to take down your ownership stake. What is your new targeted ownership stake, given a bigger pot to choose from? And realistically, what kind of timeline should we look out for, for better clarity on what you guys are going to end up with?
David Crane: Dan, I think that you should think of sell-downs of our ownership stake. First of all, because of the multiple levels of ownership, we've always tended to talk about the ownership of this project more in terms of how many megawatts would you end up owning for your account. And before we have sort of indicated to the market that where we were heading towards with under the previous ownership structure was around 1,000 megawatts which was roughly 40% of 2,700 megawatts. The plant that is going to be built is going to be 3000 megawatts, a plant, so if we start with that number. And I would say that what we are trying to do now in general terms is preserve optionality in terms of our final hold number to be anywhere in the sort of, in the 1,000 megawatts to 1,500 megawatts range. In terms of sell-down, I think you should think of sell-down in sort of three stages. First, we expect to sell down a piece of the project very shortly after DOE loan guarantee is received, if everything stays on the timetable that we are hoping for and as I indicated in the call, we would hope to have the DOE loan guarantee by the time of our first quarter call. So we would have one sell down there. And as we've indicated, at least in these sell downs during 2010, we are looking for people who not only will properly value the project opportunity but also add significantly to the project strength and viability. I think later in 2010, we would look to bring in some more partners in the project in relatively small amounts but that would also be important partners in the success of the project. When we've gone through that, I would say we would hopefully be down, in terms of our net position, NRG in the sort of 65% to 75%. That would then leave a gap as to our hold amount, which we would probably fill in the course of 2011. By 2011, as I indicated, we think that project risk is going to be very substantially reduced and at that point, we might look at financial buyers or other people that just want to be part of one of the first couple of nuclear power plants in the country. So that would be possibly more of a financial sell down and that's the way we're looking at it right now.
Dan Eggers: Great. Thank you. And I guess just kind of the ancillary to that is how much of the output either through sell down of megawatts or long-term supplier agreements do you think you need to make significant capital investment go-forward decisions?
David Crane: You know, again -- and you are -- Dan, you are, of course, right to look at -- I mean to off-take and ownership, I mean, both are sort of compatible ways of mitigating. You can do one or the other. And so my answer is not going to be all that different. I would say that if you think of us as sort of ending up with a hold amount in megawatts in the 1000 to 1500 megawatt range, the amount of that that we would like to be contracted -- and I'm saying to outside parties, because there's always a chance as part of project finance structure that NRG might take some of the megawatts. But to outside parties I would say, the numbers we'd look towards would be at least 50%, more likely around 70% of whatever number we consider to be our hold amount. And I think as we said in the November investor conference, that we were in active dialogue with about 1600 megawatt of potential off-takers, load serving entity off-takers.
Dan Eggers: Great. Thank you, David.
David Crane: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Lasan Johong: Good morning. David, I am a little confused as to your capital allocation plan. $2.3 billion of cash less $180 million leaves you and then another $1 billion and change in free cash flow leaves you with well over $3 billion in cash by the end of next year. It seems to me that you could go on a pretty good acquisition binge right now and pay for almost all of it with "OPM", other people's money. Mirant has $2 billion of cash on its balance sheet. Its market cap is barely $1.95 billion. The line is something like $1.250 billion on its balance sheet and its market cap is $1.7 billion. So you could use the cash on their balance sheet to buy these two companies and even if you had to make a big CapEx amount to fix their plants, it seems like it is a pretty damn worthwhile shopping spree, given your view on clean coal plants and natural gas prices. So what am I thinking about that is completely out of whack here? Why are you not pursuing these avenues?
David Crane: Well, Lasan, I'll tell you my father used to tell me people who go on a binge get digestion.
Lasan Johong: Indigestion?
David Crane: Yeah, yeah. That's right, sorry, indigestion. It shows you how much I listened to him. Anyway, what I would say to you is certainly having that amount of capital, while it's obviously inefficient and the last thing that this company's management or this company's Board of Directors wants to do is to hoard capital on our balance sheet earning almost nothing sitting in the bank and being high cost of capital money. But I mean what we want to do as we move through 2010, clearly we're going to be very actively looking at whether acquisitions can be done, add value as well as if we can work out a deal with the bondholders, returning capital to shareholders, so the normal pie chart where we show we have this sort of discretionary capital that we can deploy in a variety of areas, we're going to continue to pursue that strategy. The type of acquisitions you're talking about right now, while they have sort of the merits that you talked about, we just right now we haven't seen that the time is really the best for us to be pursuing those at this moment in time.
Lasan Johong: Okay. Since Dan got in two questions, I'm going to follow up with another question. Right now, your natural gas prices are very bullish, it seems. In the past, you have ruled out unwinding your hedges to capture the delta. Are we still going to assume that unwinding the hedges is not the right move for NRG at this point?
David Crane: Lasan, I may not have heard you correctly. I think you said in the past, we have ruled out unwinding some of our hedges. I actually think I said at the investor conference that we always reserve the right to unwind our hedges. The caution or the reassurance, I had given investors was that, while we reserve the right to unwind hedges, the investors never need to worry that they are going to come into a quarterly call and the bar chart of hedging that John Ragan shows everyone is going to go from 70% to 0. We're not going to change the basic hedging approach of the company, but we definitely reserve the right to take off the hedges. And I am looking to see if Mauricio Gutierrez wants to add anything to that. As he's looking down at his shoes, I think he actually doesn't want to say anything whatsoever about that topic. So thank you, Lasan. We better go on.
Lasan Johong: Thank you.
David Crane: We've got I think three more questions and then we're going to call it a day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Simmons & Company International. Please proceed.
Neel Mitra: Good morning.
David Crane: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: How do you think the DOE will react to the fact that you plan to sell down up to 50% of the project after loan guarantee is awarded as far as who they are going to pick for the second loan guarantee?
David Crane: You know, we have been -- Neel, I actually thought you were going to ask the question, well, how do you think the DOE is going to respond to the fact that CPS is no longer a partner? On that, I was going to -- as people say, who's got questions for my answers? I was going to say to you that we certainly have been in active dialogue with the DOE and they've been aware of the likely outcome of this dispute and it has not changed their perception of the project. In terms of sell down of the project, certainly some sell down to certain strategic partners, I think the DOE would be would be very -- I don't think -- I know the DOE will be very, very receptive to. If the DOE is concerned that we would sell down the project too extensively, remember that what we're looking to get before the end of the first quarter is a conditional loan guarantee. They can always put a condition in it, in the loan guarantee that restricts what we do. I don't think that they're overly worried on this point but they certainly have the ability to protect themselves. And there would be absolutely no reason for the DOE to slow down their consideration of our project because -- to wait to see what we do in this regard.
Neel Mitra: Okay. And then on your earnings release, you mentioned energy margins in the south-central took a hit baseload [ph] contracts with the utility expiring. And as these contracts roll off through 2014 in this environment, do you expect it to be a net benefit as you put on new contracts or actually a negative with the current gas price environment and environmental pass-throughs that you have with some of these contracts in place right now?
David Crane: Neel, I am going to ask Mauricio to talk about whether we think south-central roll offs are a net positive or a net negative relative to the market.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning, Neel. This is Mauricio.
Neel Mitra: Good morning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: It really depends on the timing of the roll off, which I guess the profitability of those PPAs are tied to the price of natural gas, so for 2009, that had a very different impact than it is going to have in 2013,14 and beyond where we expect some the other contracts to roll off. So I think it is difficult to say right now what will be the ultimate impact to the profitability of those PPAs since it's tied to the price of natural gas.
Neel Mitra: Just really quickly, how would the environmental pass-throughs with the CapEx that you spend on Big Cajun be impacted by the roll offs?
David Crane: Well, I think, if we have a big environmental CapEx, I mean obviously we'd like to spread it across as many off-take agreements as possible. It's very hard to predict the specific circumstance. But obviously, as with everywhere, the rates that retail electricity providers, not-for-profit rural co-ops in Louisiana charges, you know, it's a political issue. So even though we have these contractual rights, of course, we have an interest and they have an interest in having the least burden as possible on their retail rates. So, we would obviously like to have as much co-op contract coverage as possible. I would say that, even with natural gas price dropping, I think that the co-op -- and this is a trend we've seen, particularly among not-for-profit load serving entities, co-ops, munis, for all the sort of bearishness that we see and you all see and feel in natural gas prices and all of the talk about natural gas is the power generation fuel of the future, the people we serve are -- still vividly remember the pain they went through when natural gas was $15 per million BTU and the benefit of having a diversified generation mix. The co-ops in Louisiana had by far the lowest retail rates in Louisiana, relative to Entergy and CLICO because of Big Cajun. So I don't think they're going to forget that fact.
Neel Mitra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning.
David Crane: Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi. I have a quick question on -- you characterized the issues of the holding out of the signing of the settlement with CPS' documentation. Is there -- do you see any scenarios where there is anymore material changes to the terms of the overall deal or is this really just kind of a little stock?
David Crane: Jonathan, the way I would describe it being 100% candid is I don't think -- the changes to the financial terms that you've seen that they actually went public with and then we confirmed, I don't see any changes to those terms. Having said that, there are other legal/business terms that are significant enough that they could hold up or actually derail a settlement that could arise but you won't -- I don't -- I can't anticipate that you would see any change to the numbers that have been put into the public by both sides.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you. If I could just follow up with one other related topic? You have obviously a much lower kind of assumption around financing of your gross growth CapEx. Is there other scenarios which -- where that financing element could grow during the course of the year as you hit some milestones along the way with the project or is that really kind of further out in time?
David Crane: I'm not sure we are following what you are referring to, to be frank.
Jonathan Arnold: As we look at your gross -- the growth investments number and then the estimated project funding, so obviously the project funding is down a couple hundred million dollars, whereas you are investing more at the gross level in the cash flow forecast.
David Crane: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold: What are the prospects for that 180 of project funding that you canceled in for 2010 moving up again this year or is $600 million of net funding requirement pretty much a fixed number at this point?
David Crane: Yeah, I would say one of the problems with doing the free cash flow when it comes to growth CapEx is that the relative success of projects that you would apply that growth CapEx. Again your success in selling down those projects, it is all pretty speculative. So about the only thing I can tell you is that this is sort of our best estimate at the time. It could go up or down, definitely not fixed.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you.
David Crane: Okay. Operator, I actually think will take two more calls quickly or to keep everyone on time today, so.
Operator: Your next question is Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey David, one question, looking at the coal plant retirement analysis that you put out, I am just curious. Do you expect to see coal plant retirements in any of the following three regions, in Texas, in upstate New York, or in PJM East?
David Crane: Go ahead, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah, Michael. This is Mauricio. We don't expect to see anything on Texas. Most of the analysis that we did, I'm going to say probably about 40 gigawatts to 45 gigawatts are concentrated in the CERT region and MISO. About 10 to 11 gigawatts are split between PJM New York and New England and the lion's share of that is going to be PJM. So that's how I would characterize it, I guess the split on potential coal retirements. Now, keep in mind that this is just based on merchant economics and depending on the system or grid reliability, you may or may not be able to retire those coal units.
Michael Lapides: Okay. So when we think about your asset base and your portfolio and what would benefit significantly from a rash of coal plant retirements, I mean, it strikes me that maybe Keystone and Conemaugh because they've already got controls, but your eastern plants would -- what's left of Indian River wouldn't necessarily benefit. Really then it comes down to gas plant spread in the upper northeast.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, the direct impact probably is going to be primarily Keystone and Conemaugh, our share. And I think you probably are going to see some increasing capacity prices in New York, possibly New England. Now, the indirect effect is going to depend on power flows, so if you require a significant number of coal in MISO and CERT, how will that change the power flow dynamics? That could potentially have an indirect impact, but that is going to be primarily on energy, not necessarily on capacity.
Michael Lapides: Okay, guys. Thank you, much appreciated.
David Crane: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: In the interest of time, we are only able to take one last question. That is the question from Angie Storozynski, Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. It's actually Angie Storozynski from Macquarie.
David Crane: Angie, we know who you are.
Angie Storozynski: I know, but I just wanted to make sure. I keep hearing those different versions of my company's name and so I just needed to finally pronounce it correctly. Anyway, for 2010, I remember that you referred to potential improvements to your guidance and you are saying that you are working on it. Could you maybe say, is it cost cutting? Is it a certain region where there's upside coming? Any comments?
David Crane: Well, the only comment I'd have is it would be all of the above. We were not happy to put out 2010 guidance that was significantly lower than what we were going to achieve in 2009. And so we've been at work on the year on the cost cutting and also obviously looking where we can improve the performance in terms of more topline performance. I think that the commodity price environment since we gave the -- I mean, I think we've made actually significant progress, but the commodity price environment since we sort of announced guidance in the first place has not helped. So the commodity price environment has not helped. The weather has helped this winter. So it's definitely too early to say whether we're going to be successful in bringing up 2010. And to be frank, Angie, I would doubt that we are going to change any viewpoint on it on the first quarter call, but we are working on it. And if the market would give us some breaks, I think we could be successful.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Just a question or a statement, there were some -- there was a question about your M&A activities. I certainly hope that you are still suffering from the M&A fatigue that you mentioned back in '09. It was a tough year. And I understand that you have a lot of cash or you generate a lot of cash and that there are other IPP players out there that may seem to be cheap. But I just wanted the reassurance from you that you understand your stock is a very cheap currency right now and while maybe others do not look cheap at first glance, that -- or they look cheap at first glance, they are really not that cheap and that's definitely not a focus of your company for this year. Is that correct?
David Crane: Angie, I'm glad you got that, is that correct at the end, because I was sensing, because I am such a smart, perceptive guy, that there was a point of view hidden in that question but no, you are completely right. And to Lasan's question, I mean because Lasan had me focused on the significant cash. I am glad you prompted me because the fact that our stock from our perspective is grossly undervalued and is not a particularly attractive acquisition currency to use at this price is something we are aware of, particularly in terms of the type of transactions that Lasan was talking about. In our business, as I've often said, if you have a lot of cash, you can sort of try and pick off one asset or a couple of assets. But when you look at the sort of combination of two IPP companies like the other companies in the industry, no one's ever going to have enough cash to do that. So you have to be using your stock. And having our stock mired in the trading range, it has been mired in, believe me it is absolutely not an inducement to use that stock to buy something. So --
Angie Storozynski: Thank you so much. Okay.
David Crane: Did you have another point of view that you wanted me to express?
Angie Storozynski: Well, maybe off-line then.
David Crane: Okay. I know you are never bashful, Angie and we look forward to your thoughts. So operator, Geena, I think we're done here. We appreciate everyone being patient. Sorry the call went long, but there was a lot to talk about. We look forward to talking to you on our first quarter call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the NRG Energy Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Ms. Nahla Azmy, SVP, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Nahla Azmy: Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2009 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website, at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished to the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will also be available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and the question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up. Now, for the obligatory safe harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and our filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is October 29, 2009, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please revert to today's press release and presentation. Now with that, I would like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: I'm joined here today by Bob Flexon, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Ragan, our Chief Operating Officer, both of who will be handling the lion's share of the presentation. Other colleagues that I have with me who are available to answer questions today are Mauricio Gutierrez, who runs Commercial Operations, (inaudible), who heads our Risk Group; Jason Few, who runs Reliant; and Jim Ingoldsby, who is our Chief Accounting Officer. Finally, I'm joined by Gerry Luterman, who I think most of you know is going to be joining the company as our Interim Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Bob. He is here as our special guest and observer. As he is not on the payroll today, I don't really expect him to have to answer any questions. We want him here because, as we sit around here and we actually talk like this, for reporting purposes Bob Flexon owns this quarter, the third quarter 2009, from a reporting perspective. Gerry Luterman will own the fourth quarter of 2009 and the full year 2009. So next quarter, if all goes according to plan, Gerry will own the quarters thereafter. Today I'm going to focus more than usual on our actual third quarter and year-to-date 2009 financial performance and describing our initial view for 2010, as reflected in our EBITDA and free cash flow guidance for next year, released today for the first time. In terms of our various growth initiatives, the topic I usually cover, while we, of course, will happily answer any questions you might have about them, I intend to mention them only in passing during my prepared remarks. I don't want you to misconstrue this as connoting pessimism on my part. Quite to the contrary, all it indicates is that I'm trying to reserve on the growth discussion and on our vision of the future of our company and the future of this industry until we have the opportunity for a more exhaustive discussion at our Investor Conference in Houston, which is now just three weeks away. Now getting started and turning to slide four for my part, the three topics I want to comment on before passing the mike over to John and Bob for a more detailed explanation, our stellar 2009 performance, our cautious outlook for 2010 and our exceptional achievements on all levels with Reliant, not only the deal itself or Reliant's financial performance, but the success of which should be obvious to all, but the benefit of Reliant in the context of NRG. As to 2009, by stepping up full year guidance to $2.575 billion we are on track to achieve a 15% improvement in EBITDA year-on-year, making 2009 a record year for our company on top of a record financial performance in 2008. The fact that the company achieved the results we did back in 2008, a year in which the second half was consumed by the global financial meltdown, and that we're on track to achieve the results we expect in 2009, a year that is being affected 100% by the first great recession of the 21st Century, with both years being marked by a precipitous decline in the spot prices for our core commodities, provides total validation of the business model we've been pursuing consistently at NRG for the six years of our existence. What is also important about our 2009 results is not only what we expect to achieve, but how we expect to achieve it. As you dissect our 2009 performance, you may conclude that the performance of our generation business was a little weak, but that the performance of our Reliant and retail business has been substantially stronger than you expected. We agree, but as we articulated when we first purchased Reliant, we like the retail business in part because we expected its financial performance to be generally counter-cyclical to our generation business. Now, already in 2009, after only five months of ownership, we have had a vivid illustration of how real that benefit has been to our shareholders. In 2009, almost 25% of our annual EBITDA is going to be derived from a business that we did not even contemplate owning at this time last year. That is why we believe that our baseload hedging business model is fundamentally more valuable to shareholders over the course of the full commodity price cycle than the non-hedging model that other companies follow. That's because more and better opportunities will arrive to enhance the business in the bottom of the price cycle than will arise at the top of the cycle. Those opportunities will only be available to those with the nimbleness, resources and vision to act. NRG was well insulated from the down cycle when it began in the summer of 2008 as a result of both our baseload hedging strategy and our robust liquidity last year, and we are, at least, equally well positioned this year as John and Bob's presentation will so amply demonstrate. As we turn our attention to 2010 initial guidance, I wish to start by assuring you that with us on track to achieve nearly $2.6 billion in adjusted EBITDA in 2009, no one in NRG management or on the NRG Board of Directors is complacent with an initial guidance of $2.2 billion. I also would remind you that our company's approach to initial guidance for the year ahead is to forecast based on the business as it is today. We do not include any blue-sky EBITDA in our guidance and I can further assure you that NRG management and the entire NRG team is already hard at work on all fronts; cost management, operational performance improvements, additional revenue opportunities and intrinsic and extrinsic growth opportunities to improve our financial performance and create value for the shareholders in the near term, the medium term and the long term. With respect to 2010 guidance, our projection for recurring free cash flow generation in 2010 remains robust, almost $1.1 billion, representing $4 a share and a free cash flow yield of approximately 16%, not bad in my opinion for the bottom of the commodity price cycle. In reference to the bottom bullet on slide four and all of slide five, let me return to the non-financial benefits that accrue to NRG shareholders through our ownership of Reliant Energy. Obviously, in 2009 we are enjoying the full benefit of being at the top of the cycle for retail margins, but one minor downside to Reliant's spectacular financial performance, that it is acting like a kind of financial solar eclipse, obscuring the plethora of strategic benefits that we can realize by managing the generation and retail business in a manner that is optimized for both risk and reward. In that regard, I want to mention an important step forward that we took during the quarter with respect to the retail business that does not appear in our financials and which you otherwise may be unaware of. This summer our colleague, Mauricio Gutierrez and his commercial operations team, together with risk, insurance and the retail group itself, pioneered an innovative insurance product to mitigate the financial risk to our retail business during the 2009 hurricane season, if a hurricane were to hit in the Houston area. Thankfully on all sorts of levels, the season has been mild and we have not had to call on that protection, but the fact that we had it significantly reduced our financial risk. I hope all of you will take that into account and change the beta that you are applying to our retail EBITDA. I do want to say that it has been so amply demonstrated to you by our extraordinarily effective initiation, negotiation, execution and integration of the Reliant transaction, we have a tremendous group of people at this company and I am terribly proud of what they've accomplished in 2009, not only vis-à-vis Reliant but across all phases of our business. You can expect more great things from this team in the months and years to come. John?
John Ragan: During the third quarter, NRG has continued to sustain the strong operating and commercial performance that it has achieved during the first two quarters of this year. On slide seven, we highlight some of these accomplishments. Our focus on safety across the organization has remained consistent and is delivering results. The year-to-date OSHA recordable rate improved to 1.29 in the third quarter from 1.31 in the second quarter. Our OSHA rate continues to exceed the top quartile benchmark for the industry of 1.52. Corporate and plant management continued to emphasize safety by making it a part of the daily observations and conversations that occur at all of our plants and by continuously developing a series of initiatives to help keep our employees safe. Our baseload coal operations have had another solid quarter with our plant personnel delivering top quartile performance even as we continue to face challenging market conditions. With gas generation being dispatched ahead of coal, we have experienced increased load cycling and periodic reserve shutdowns, especially in the Northeast. As I mentioned during the second quarter call, our EPC Group has successfully completed and delivered into operation the Huntley and Dunkirk 3 and 4 baghouses in New York and the Cedar Bayou 4 combined cycle unit in Texas. The Group is now close to delivering into operation the Dunkirk 1 and 2 baghouses with construction completing this fall. Additionally, we have made substantial progress on the construction of our new peaking units at the Devon plant in Connecticut. Our Commercial Operations Group has continued to effectively manage the hedging and dispatch of our wholesale generation portfolio, in addition to executing the integration and risk management requirements for the Reliant Energy retail supply portfolio. Providing more detail on the wholesale and retail performance metrics, on slide eight, the chart on the top left illustrates that net generation was down for both the quarter and the year compared to 2008. This was due to weaker market conditions stemming from low natural gas prices, coal to gas switching, and lower electricity demands. The largest decrease was in the Northeast where the coal fleet was impacted by lower generation levels and reserve shutdowns across the region even throughout the summer months. Gas generation was higher by 6% year-over-year in Texas due to lower gas prices and the addition of Cedar Bayou 4. We have continued to operate our baseload fleet very efficiently during the third quarter. The top right chart shows our equivalent availability factor was 92.6% during this period. Although this is exceptionally strong performance, it is below the 95.8% EAF performance we achieved last year in the third quarter. The slip in our Q3 availability is primarily due to additional downtime caused by unit trips associated with more frequent cycling event and starts. We expect as gas prices increase in 2010 our coal units will be dispatched in a manner more similar to what we experienced in 2008, which will help us move back to the performance level we achieved in the third quarter of last year. Additionally, our baseload EAF was also impacted by 10 days unplanned maintenance outage at STP unit 2 to repair a high pressure steam leak. This unit is now back in full operation. As for retail, the chart on the bottom left shows customer sales by segment. Reliant Energy continued to experience stronger residential demand, driven by warmer weather during July and August and higher industrial demand across Texas on the same customer basis versus the second quarter of 2009. Despite warmer weather and higher demand, power prices remain low, driving strong margins during the period. During Q2 and Q3, Reliant announced and executed residential price reduction programs of up to 20% for certain customers. Despite lower prices, we still experienced customer attrition as competitors took more aggressive pricing actions during the quarter. Going forward, we expect that Reliant's current acquisition campaign, retention program and its top customer satisfaction ratings will reduce attrition. On the C&I front, Reliant has continued to regain its competitive footing since slowing the growth of the business in the first five months of 2009. As a result, we have experienced improvements during the third quarter of renewing current customers and winning back previous ones. Reliant C&I remains the largest commercial and industrial retail provider in Texas. As seen in the bottom right chart, we surpassed our full year FORNRG 2.0 ROIC target of 20 basis points during the second quarter. At the end of the third quarter, we have posted a year-to-date ROIC improvement of 29.5 basis points, making further progress towards achieving our 2010 goal of 47 basis points. This improvement in ROIC has come primarily through corporate cost reductions, increased cost efficiencies and continued reliability improvements at our plants and the sale of non-core assets. Moving to our hedge profile and commodity sensitivities on slide nine, as we have reviewed with you on prior calls, we continuously seek opportunities to lock-in additional hedging, hedging power or power equivalents during the up cycles and [fill] during the down cycles. Starting with the top left chart, during the quarter, we added 8.7 million megawatt hours of power or power equivalent hedges for 2010. During the second and third quarters we took advantage of fleeting upward price movements to lock-in our remaining baseload hedges for the prompt year. With these additional hedges, our wholesale power portfolio is essentially 100% hedged for 2010 for our expected baseload generation from the Northeast, South Central and Texas. On the same chart, we have now incorporated additional information concerning our Texas retail sales portfolio and related hedging activities. In 2010, 61% of our expected retail sales are contracted and fully hedged. These hedged sales represent both commercial and industrial customers and term residential load. The 39% unhedged and unpriced position in 2010 is comprised primarily of month to month residential load and incremental C&I sales. As we have said in the past, we want a flat book associated with our retail business. When the customer pricing becomes more certain, we will then hedge the price exposure. Where it makes sense, we match our generation length with our retail short position to maximize collateral efficiency and reduce transaction costs, while providing our customers with physical generation that backstops our retail commitment. During the third quarter, we began to cross some of our generation length to hedge the heat rate exposure associated with the retail load obligation. This is apparent in the bottom left chart illustrating the $24 million decrease in heat rate sensitivity between Q2 and Q3. As we move forward in time, we will continue to seek opportunities to cross the generation length with our retail load obligation and manage the gas price exposure using the most collaterally efficient method available. Now for the chart on the top right, we show our coal and coal transportation hedges. As illustrated, baseload coal fleet is well hedged through 2014 from a transportation perspective and well hedged from a coal perspective through 2011. Moving to the business fundamentals on slide 10, we continue to see a developing trend of industrial expansion throughout the US, specifically in Texas. In the chart to the top left, both industrial production and ISM indices show a strengthening trend through the third quarter. On the chart to the top right, in Texas, year-on-year weather normalized load has returned to 2008 levels, and during Q3 has shown some modest growth. We would expect this trend to continue as residential and industrial demand continues to increase as the state exits the current recession. We believe the primary reason for the retrenchment in 2008 and 2009 industrial demand was driven by the nature of manufacturing activity in the state, which is concentrated primarily in petrochemicals and chemical manufacturing. These industries are some of the most price-elastic in terms of their ability to adjust output to changing economic conditions. These are the very industries we see returning and driving back some of the expansion trends over the last few months. Staying with Texas for a moment, as we see in the chart to the bottom left, Texas forward heat rates have remained stable and well supported during the quarter, primarily driven by expectations around economic expansion and recent load growth, the current impact of capital constraints that will affect future generation projects and the uncertainty around future regulatory and legislative actions. We will continue to monitor for opportunistic times in which we can convert some of our gas hedges into power, assuming that prices have reached levels in line with our fundamental outlook. Reflecting on gas prices and timing for potential recovery, one of the leading indicators for gas prices is related to the rig count. As you can see by the chart to the bottom right, rig counts have materially dropped during the first half of 2009 as producers aggressively responded to lower prices. We anticipate a gas market rebalance by mid to late 2010 as demand recovers and the impact of reduced rigs and lower supply allows for improving gas fundamentals. In closing, our plant operations has continued to prudently manage the generation assets while achieving top decile performance during the first nine months of the year, while our EPC Group has continued to complete our construction projects on time and within scope. We have continue to execute our commercial plan around maximizing the value of both the wholesale and retail portfolios through 2009 and we have continued to look for opportunities to hedge the forward portfolios in the most collaterally efficient way. We are seeing indicators that the overall business fundamentals are beginning to improve, which will lead to a positive impact on our business portfolio going forward. Now, I'll turn it over to Bob.
Bob Flexon: Beginning with the financial highlight on slide 13 and as David expressed, the company continues to achieve record financial results during a time period where many companies are facing serious financial challenges. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter and for the first nine months of 2009 was $906 million and $2.129 billion respectively. This represents the highest quarterly and nine months results NRG has ever posted. Cash from operations increased 18% to $1.28 billion for the first nine months of the year, while free cash flow from recurring operation was up over 19% to $1.09 billion compared to the first nine months of last year. The increased cash performance is attributable to Reliant Energy, which, in five months of ownership, has generated more cash than the original purchase price. Liquidity remains very comfortable $3.9 billion with nearly $2.3 billion of that in cash. We are raising our 2009 adjusted EBITDA guidance to $2.575 billion and that excludes an expected $85 million negative impact in the fourth quarter of hedges that were terminated early as part of the credit sleeve unwind, which I will discuss shortly. We are also initiating a 2010 full year guidance at $2.2 billion. As a reminder, on the second quarter conference call I stated two high level priorities for the second half of 2009, which were; one, unwinding the credit sleeve supporting Reliant Energy; and second, the successful execution and completion of our capital allocation plan, specifically the planned $500 million in share repurchases. On October 5, we successfully terminated the Merrill Lynch credit sleeve, one year earlier than originally planned. In addition, during the third quarter, we purchased $250 million of common shares through September 30 and an additional $250 million of shares are planned to be repurchased during the fourth quarter. The quarter-over-quarter comparison on slide 14 clearly highlights the immediate benefit we have received from the addition of Reliant to the portfolio. Reliant's exceptional performance contributed $306 million in adjusted EBITDA during the quarter, bringing their five-month EBITDA contribution to $536 million. The mass and commercial and industrial businesses combined to provide $443 million in gross margin on 16 terawatt hours billed for an average customer margin of $27.69, $3.08 lower than Q2 2009 due to the price reductions enacted on June 1 and July 1. Transaction and integration costs for the quarter totaled $6 million and are excluded from adjusted EBITDA. The Texas region's results declined $61 million quarter-over-quarter from $465 million in the third quarter of 2008 to $404 million in the third quarter of 2009. 65% decline in natural gas prices resulted in Houston zone power prices that were less than half those of the third quarter of last year, leading to lower margins on our gas fleet. Our baseload fleet, however, benefited from higher hedged power prices, which more than compensated for 1.1 terawatt hour decline in coal and nuclear generation due to maintenance and unplanned outages. Gas generation, on the other hand, increased approximately 768,000 megawatt hours, particularly due to 454 megawatt hours generated from Cedar Bayou 4, which came online in late June of this year. The South Central region had adjusted EBITDA of $4 million during the quarter, a $43 million decrease from the third quarter of 2008 of $47 million. The unfavorable quarter-over-quarter variance was largely driven by a third quarter 2008 unrealized gain related to physical power sales as the lower natural gas curve benefited the region's power positions. However, these positions have since been delivered. Excluding the benefit of these positions, regional performance was on par with 2008. $26 million decline in contract revenue due primarily to the expiration of a co-op contract was more than offset by increased merchant activity of $17 million and $18 million in lower fuel costs. Adjusted EBITDA for the Northeast region was $27 million higher, driven by $36 million in higher energy margins as lower cost to serve load contracts benefited margins. The portfolio's hedge positions largely offset the 30% reduction in generation during the quarter. Slide 15 outlines the company's liquidity position as of September 30, 2009. Total liquidity, excluding funds deposited by hedge counterparties, stood at $3.9 billion, an increase of $572 million. The increase in liquidity from yearend 2008 was largely driven by the $1.28 billion in cash from operations, $595 million in net debt issuance, including the June issuance of the 8.5% senior notes for $678 million, offset by the term loan B payment of approximately $220 million and $260 million in net proceeds from the sale of MIBRAG. Offsetting the inflows was the Reliant acquisition, our capital expenditures and the share repurchases. Letters of credit of approximately $200 million have been issued during the year, $92 million in support of the equity bridge loan associated with the GenConn joint venture project and $59 million letter of credit in connection with a tax exempt bond issued to help finance environmental CapEx at Dunkirk, with the remainder primarily in support of our commercial operation trade position. Hedges under the first lien structure declined from Q2 2009 as a result of trade innovations and terminations in connection with the credit sleeve unwind and crossing generation supply to retail load. As I noted a moment ago, amending the Credit Sleeve and Reimbursement Agreement, or the CSRA, was the top priority for us in the second half of 2009, and through the hard work of our treasury, risk, commercial operation and legal teams, combined with the excellent support of the Bank of America-Merrill Lynch teams, the task was successfully completed on October 5, 2009. Slide 16 provides the background on the CSRA and the impact of unwinding the credit sleeve. The top half of the slide provides the background. The credit sleeve provided credit support for Reliant. It contained predetermined collateral exposure levels and fees for the sleeve were 5-7/8% on an annual basis of the predetermined exposure levels. The CSRA also required NRG to inject $200 million into Reliant on May 1 and there were potentially two additional contingent future capital contributions required of NRG. The unwind of the sleeve, which is covered on the bottom half of the slide, accelerates the credit and commercial synergies of the retail and wholesale portfolios and it increased our corporate level liquidity. Furthermore, it allows unrestricted access to future cash flow generation from Reliant. The financial movements of the sleeve unwind included $374 million in net cash outflows to post collateral for out-of-the-money hedge positions, $250 million in cash was returned from Merrill Lynch previously posted cash, $165 million net cash inflow for the settlement of offsetting trades, which in the aggregate were in the money to NRG. In our full year adjusted EBITDA guidance on slide 17, there is an $85 million charge related to settlements of net out-of-the-money positions. The remaining net in-the-money position amortizes to income in future periods under the original timeframe of the underlying trades. There were $206 million of LCs posted to counterparties and $322 million of cash at Reliant is no longer encumbered by Merrill Lynch liens. Overall, the unwind favorably impacts corporate liquidity, commercial operating synergies and the covenants governing our first lien debt. Slide 17 sets forth our full year 2009 adjusted EBITDA guidance of $2.575 billion. This increase, as I mentioned a moment ago, excludes the Q4 impact of the hedge termination and is driven by the $225 million improvement in Reliant as a result of higher summer demand and margins. This is partially offset by $150 million decline in the wholesale portfolio, reflecting the lower commodity price environment, lower plant availability and higher than previously forecasted operating expenses. Cash from operations guidance is being increased by $275 million to $1.65 billion, driven by Reliant's performance results and the net changes in the Reliant cash collateral postings, including the impact of the sleeve unwind. Turning to our outlook for 2010 on slide 18, we're initiating our full year adjusted EBITDA guidance of $2.2 billion. This decline versus 2009 is roughly equally attributable to three primary reasons; first, the overall lower hedge price in 2010 of the wholesale portfolio; second, higher coal transportation costs in 2010 as WA Parish has a new rail coal delivery contract; and three, Reliant's EBITDA contribution is down $125 million due to lower prices, increased supply costs and a normalized weather assumption. My final slide, page 19, covers capital allocation. While there are several significant accomplishments to-date and more planned for the balance of the year, such as the orderly settlement of the CSF II structure, I'll limit my discussion on our share repurchase plans. During my tenure at NRG we have continually purchased shares throughout the ups and downs of business cycles, always with an eye towards our view of fundamental value versus market price. This approach has served us well, and since 2004, we have purchased approximately $2.2 billion of NRG shares at a weighted average price that's below $24 a share. Looking at today's market price and comparing it to our fundamental view on value, the business case to repurchase shares is as compelling today as it has ever been during my tenure. During the third quarter, we repurchased 250 million common shares and we will purchase another 250 during the fourth quarter. With that, I'll turn it back to David for the closing comments and questions.
David Crane: Our slide presentation concludes on page 21 where we have brought down our near term objective scorecard from the second quarter call. While several of our objectives remain uncompleted, every one remains on track or in progress and I remain very confident that all will be achieved. We hope and expect to be able to report further progress on these objectives when we meet in November, but even at our Investor Conference at a time when there will be six weeks remaining in 2009, there may be work that remains to be done on some or all of these objectives. I have every reason to believe that you will be pleased as I am with the present status and prospects for all the company's principal growth initiatives, and we very much look forward to walking you through them all in greater detail than is permitted by the 45-minute constraint of these quarterly calls. Now, as this is the 23rd and unfortunately the last quarterly call that I will have handled alongside Bob Flexon, I would be remiss if I did not further address the topic of his recently announced departure. As all of you know, over the past six years Bob has held at one time or another either the CFO title or the Chief Operating Officer title at this company. In our fluidly organized, nonhierarchical company, what Bob really has been over the past six years is the co-CEO. Indeed, over the past few years whenever people ask me how NRG really is run, I tell them that they should consider me CEO 1-A and Bob Flexon as CEO 1-B. I have been very pleased to effectively share this position with Bob over those years because we've been able to complement each other and leverage off each other in a way that has enabled us to surmount every obstacle placed before us, starting with the abrupt and still inexplicable to me resignation of our auditor in Bob's second week of work in April 2004 and lasting through the Exelon episode this summer. It has likewise enabled us to see some great opportunities that have presented themselves to us, like the Texas Genco acquisition, the hedge reset, the Reliant retail acquisition and more. Both Bob and I think that even though NRG stock is well below where it should be from a fundamental value perspective at this time, NRG shareholders, nonetheless, had benefitted from our partnership. Now, Bob and my longstanding partnership is about to end, and you, our long time shareholders, have a right to be concerned about it. I ask you to think back to the first half year during our investor outreach in regard to the Exelon situation. During our multiple roadshows, many of you had an opportunity to spend time with some of the incredibly talented professionals and senior managers who report to Bob or me, and hopefully, as a result, you have a feeling for the depth and breadth of our management team. The fact is that over time both Bob and I almost certainly have gotten too much credit for what has been accomplished at NRG, credit that really belongs to the strata of senior management that lays just below Bob and me and to the professionals who report directly or indirectly to them. That cadre of leadership at NRG is staying intact. Consistent with our core philosophy of turning every challenge into an opportunity, each of them is prepared collectively and individually to step up and help fill Bob's shoes. As to Bob's replacement at CFO, I have every confidence that NRG in our present situation is an appealing employer. As such, we will be able to fill that position with a very highly qualified and capable person. I think it would be unrealistic for you or for us to think that from day one Bob's successor will immediately have the kind of impact at NRG that Bob has had. That is up to those of us who are here now. On more personal note, for 6.5 year I've had the privilege to work closely with Bob, not only due to the closeness of our positions in the so-called seats, but also in our open office format due to the proximity of our desks. Bob and I have sat at desks nearly three-feet apart for the better part of the last six years, and from that common perch, we have jointly steered NRG to the enviably strong position which we occupy in our industry today. Bob, in my opinion, is will prepared to be a CEO in his own right and he goes to Foster Wheeler with the best wishes of all of us at NRG. I speak not only for myself, but for all 4,500 men and women who work at this company might say, "We will miss him." We are happy to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question will come from the line of Neel Mitra of Simmons & Company International.
Neel Mitra: Good morning. Can you comment on the implications of the recent merchant wind transmission line FPL brought into South Texas? What are the shorter implications right now for off peak power prices in ERCOT South or Houston? Does this have any affect on how you view the CREZ build out in terms of difficulties, building transmission into the South versus the North since the construction lead time was around 10 months?
David Crane: To summarize, it's a two-part question. One is what's the direct impact of FPL's new transmission line on West to South and onto Houston, and second, what does this mean about how quickly CREZ will be built out, is that right?
Neel Mitra: That's right.
David Crane: Mauricio, would you like to answer that question?
Mauricio Gutierrez: As you know, FPL announced they energized a few days ago 950 megawatt transmission line connecting four of their wind farms from the West zone into the South zone. Our analysis indicates that it's going to have a larger impact on the West heat rate than it will on the South and the Houston zones. Just the relative size of the line versus the markets between Houston and South, you are talking about 35 gigawatt market. So, the impact of 900 megawatts exporting from the West versus the impact on the South and Houston is significantly different. Now, with respect to your second question about if this changes our view on CREZ, keep in mind that this is a merchant line. It's very difficult to compare a merchant line versus a rate-based project like CREZ. We don't have enough information to know if FPL had any lead time in terms of securing rights of way. It looks like there was 10 months of construction, but we don't know exactly what was the lead time to be able to get everything ready. With respect to CREZ, there are significant challenges. First one is the financeability of the project and how are you going to distribute or socialize the transmission costs across the rate base, and two, it's a question of the cost. It has been said that the line is going to cost just shy of $5 billion. I think there have been some additional discussions whether or not that's close to $10 billion. So, there are still some hurdles around the CREZ project and we still believe that a 2013 timeline is aggressive.
David Crane: Looking a little bit at FPL's comments, we never thought the actual physical construction of transmission lines was the thing that takes a long time when it comes to CREZ. As you say, it's the other aspect, it's the regulatory aspects, and it's the right of way.
Mauricio Gutierrez: The permitting, the siting…
David Crane: Neel, do you have any follow-on on that or are you good?
Neel Mitra: I'm good on that. I just had a quick additional question. I just wanted to know if you could comment on the EBITDA impact of the new coal transportation contract into Texas. Also, how does that compare to the current coal costs that you are reporting in your presentations?
Bob Flexon: The way that I think about it, there are three main reasons that drove our EBITDA down. I said roughly they're about the same level of cost. So we're down about $375 million or so year over year. So you say about roughly one-third of that is roughly the rail. Parish brings in roughly 12 million tons of coal. That contract was repriced and begins on January 1. That contract had been around for 10 years, beginning of the decade. So, that basically puts it to the current market rates.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong of RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong: Bob, I'm going to miss you. I think you're an excellent CFO and I think you will make a great CFO for Foster Wheeler USA. Having said that, I need to ask you a clarification question on your 2010 guidance and this is kind of more macro stuff. Since you're hedged out on your wholesales, I am assuming that there is going to be very little price volatility due to natural gas, maybe a little to heat rates, but you're exposed on the retail business. Generally speaking, I would assume that if gas prices were going up as you forecast in your scenario, you've got very little upside gain from wholesale, but potentially a relatively large loss on retail due to higher gas prices. The $2.2 billion EBITDA guidance for next year I am assuming either incorporates that upside gas price move, and if it doesn't, then there is more risk to the downside to that guidance than there is upside to that guidance. Am I understanding this correctly?
Bob Flexon: On the retail piece, first of all, as John went through his presentation and talked about what's hedged and what isn't hedged, the piece that's currently not hedged is the one also where the revenue is not locked in either. So they will generally move together. If you see gas prices suddenly going up, Jason will have to make a determination whether he raises those prices at the retail level. So that part will continue to float, so we're not wearing that risk at this point in time. Anything that is fixed price on the retail side, as John mentioned, is basically a flat book. So, you don't have necessarily any downside or upside on that piece of the business. On the wholesale side of it, I'd agree with your comment that for your baseload generation it's pretty much hedged out. It's going to be what it's going to be. The one thing that's maybe a little bit different '10 versus '09 I think we saw that the margins coming from the gas assets in '09 were quickly compressed as gas prices came down and the like during the course of the year. I think in 2010 if I look to where is the upside in the wholesale portfolio, I think our assumptions right now on some of the margins from the gas assets is conservative in our guidance.
Lasan Johong: What you're saying is that the upside potential exists on generation from more gas fired generation, but if gas prices are going up, that's not likely to materialize, correct?
Bob Flexon: It depends on what happens with the heat rates. So it's more of a spark spread discussion. So, that's fair. I think the other thing going back to retail as well is what we've assumed this year, in 2010, is a normalized weather year which is how we always prepare our budgets. That really even applies on the wholesale as well. To the extent that you get hotter or colder will have some impact on that performance. As you know, in 2009 on the retail side the summer in Houston was particularly warmer than normal and we did have upside of roughly $80 million or so in 2009 from the Reliant piece. So, weather will have some impact on both parts of the portfolio in '10.
Lasan Johong: The structure of the hurricane insurance sounds interesting. Can you describe to me how that works and what it costs?
David Crane: I am not sure. Mauricio is going to tell you specifically what it costs, but I would ask Mauricio to try and explain it succinctly.
Mauricio Gutierrez: We enter into an instrument that allowed us to hedge the gross margins that we would have lost due to our lost loads in the case of a hurricane event. In addition, since we run a flat book, we buy the supply for that expected load. So, any loss associated to the sellback of that supply was also part of that instrument. I will say that it is not an insurance, it is a derivative product that is tied to the cap bond market. We introduced price and load triggers that allowed us to lower the cost of that instrument for the business.
Lasan Johong: Was it a structured transaction or did you just put it together using commonly available derivative products, options and forwards?
Mauricio Gutierrez: It was a structured product, but it was a derivative product. It was not an insurance product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Coming back to Texas in a little bit and the impact of wind, can you talk about how much wind, whether it's two years, five years, 15 years, let's stay in the more near term, so let's say next five to seven years, how much wind would it take to get if it came into South Texas before you would see coal on the margin in the off peak hours?
David Crane: How much wind to get coal on the margin in the South Texas zone in the off peak hours? I don't have that answer off the top of my head.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I don't have it. I don't have the numbers, but I can follow-up with you later.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brandon Blossman of Tudor Pickering.
Brandon Blossman: Good morning. I think this will be for Mauricio. ERCOT bilateral capacity market, can you kind of give some year-over-year '09 to '10 color, and then describe particularly in the higher heat rate products what you have open for '10, or what you have locked down?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think what you are referring to is the capacity pricing that was embedded on the old contracts that Texas Genco had. There is no bilateral capacity market in Texas. You see a pure energy balancing market. So I want to make sure that I understand your question.
Brandon Blossman: I guess I'm talking about both; one, what was embedded in those old contracts; and two, I do assume that you guys held some higher heat rate product as capacity on a month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter basis.
Mauricio Gutierrez: What I will say is the only capacity product that we have and that we report on our financials is the capacity component that was embedded on these old auctions that Texas Genco used to do. Prospectively, it's a pure energy market. What we do is we structure our transactions with other counterparties in the form of tolling agreements or heat rate coal options, but usually they are treated as energy options not as capacity.
Brandon Blossman: Not to prolong this, but can you comment on what the market looks like year-over-year for those products? I don't want to get bury in the semantics, but for those tolls, if you will.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, one of the benefits of combining retail and wholesale is that in the past, Reliant was one of the large buyers of these products to manage their volumetric risk of load. Now that is a part of NRG. Monetizing the intrinsic value of our gas portfolio in the form of heat rates, it happens internally where wholesale will provide those insurance products to the retail group and the retail will price it to the end customers.
Brandon Blossman: What's the transition for that?
Mauricio Gutierrez: It's already happened. We started in the summer of this year and we already are matching the generation and the load books for 2010 actively.
David Crane: Much of the wholesale position we inherited from Reliant is worked off now at this point.
Brandon Blossman: So we can expect '10 essentially just to think about that as an integrated entity, no residual supply book?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Think about lowering the volatility around your gas portfolio gross margin. I mean, the fact that you actually can now cross your gas portfolio with your load just is going to provide us more stable view on the gross margin associated to the gas portfolio.
Brandon Blossman: Switching topics here real quick, residential gross margins on the retail side, I don't expect that you guys will comment on exactly what your target number is, but can you comment directionally where you'd be biased as far as attrition versus holding gross margin?
Jason Few: The way we think about margin for 2010 is we look at the current environment and you look at the forward curves. We think that pricing is going to be relatively stable and we think that we are in a position to be competitive on price. Right now, from an overall margin perspective, we don't see big movements in price downward through 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies.
Anthony Crowdell: When I look at the 2010 guidance wholesale, it's about $1.7 billion. Bob had stated roughly about like $125 million of that or one-third of the drop off was from a roll off in hedges. You have another roll off in hedges from '10 to '11. Your weighted average price of hedges goes down, so I look at what you guys have hedged, roughly about like 48 million or 50 million megawatt hours. That's another drop-off of about like $250 million of EBITDA. Is that reasonable with what you've provided so far?
Bob Flexon: I think your math is to redisclose what the hedge prices are and I think in 2011 what we disclosed that 70% of the portfolio is hedged at about a gas price of about $7.27. If you look at 2009, we are about $8.37. So, 2010 is going to be somewhere in between the two. You're going to see those level of drop offs on the 50 million megawatt hours. So, your math is fair. You have to assume the right heat rate, but it's not an unreasonable way to look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nitin Dahiya of Nomura Securities.
Nitin Dahiya: Bob, congratulations and best of luck in your new role. Just a maintenance question first, what is the RP basket at the end of the third quarter?
Bob Flexon: At the end of the third quarter, once we file the Q, it will be in round numbers about $750 million, and then in the fourth quarter you'll have reductions to that for the $250 million in planned share repurchases and also the settlement of CSF II of 181 million. So, by the time you are at the end of the year, you'll be sitting around $400 million to $450 million by the end of the year and before you file your K.
Nitin Dahiya: Now, obviously you have over $2 billion of cash on balance sheet. As you look ahead 12 to 18 months, could you share some thoughts of potential uses for that?
David Crane: I think the approach that we outlined, to spice things up, we show it in a little different way. I always preferred this sort of pie chart approach where we show that we maintain a pretty balanced approach in terms of paying down debt. We continue to believe that the commitment, the undertaking that we made to our shareholders a few years ago in terms of return of capital to shareholders, either through share buyback or possibly a dividend, but until we can fix the restricted payment basket thing for a few years out and at these share price levels we are very focused on continuing with share buybacks. So, while we are not announcing a 2010 share buyback plan here when we still have a fair amount to do on 2009, we would certainly expect that to be part of the future. In addition to the money we reinvest in the existing assets, we see a lot of growth opportunities. In fact, a lot of ways in which we're sort of uniquely advantaged, particularly around the renewable space where as we've mentioned in here, we not only have the liquidity, but unusual in this market, we also have tax equity capacity in 2010. We see tremendous opportunities in that area. So, I think a good wedge out of the pie will be reinvestment in the business.
Bob Flexon: This is not discretionary. I think it will look a lot like it has in the past between capital investments, share repurchase and debt reduction. On the debt reduction piece, under our first lien next year the cash sweep, the mandatory offer and probably what the take will end up being is somewhere in the order of magnitude of between $400 million and $430 million pay down of term loan B under the mandatory offer that we have.
Nitin Dahiya: Any thoughts on revisiting amending the covenants on the old bonds, especially as it become callable?
Bob Flexon: I've been working and making sure I'm developing a good relationship with the bond group and the leader of the bond group, and I've been transitioning that to Chris Sotos, our Treasurer here. I think what we want to do here, as we look forward, is look at various alternatives on how the covenants can be effectively addressed, and then sit with the members of the bond group and review alternatives together and see what makes the most sense. I think the company will continue to work in that direction going into 2010. I think we've got some very good ideas on our side and we're just looking for the cooperative dialogue between us and the bondholders to do what's in all of our interest because there are certainly good reasons why the bond group should want to change the covenants because they don't effectively (inaudible) way the mark-to-market mechanism works in the covenant versus the way it works in the financial statement. So, that is good motivation on both sides of the table to get something that makes sense for both parties. I am optimistic that will happen in 2010.
David Crane: As Bob suggests, there's going to be no hiatus in that work once Bob leaves. We will begin after that sooner rather than later.
Nitin Dahiya: I think I agree. Engaging with the bondholders on this makes a lot of sense. Bob, best of luck again, and talk to you soon.
Operator: Your final question comes from Angie Storozynski, Macquarie Capital.
Angie Storozynski: I want to go back to the 2010 guidance. First of all, could you try to quantify potential upside from your gas plants. I know it very much depends on the future spark spreads, but what's the range? Is it say $100 million or is it a 200 million range? That's one. Secondly, David, you mentioned some cost cutting measures or some additional revenues that you guys are working on to boost the 2010 results. Any color on these would be helpful. Lastly, the $500 million EBITDA projected for the retail business, any takeaways for the run rate? Should we see the run rate for this business as rising or is this just a function of your prospectus of weak gas prices and that the counter-cyclicality of this business is driving earnings up?
David Crane: That was a definitely multipart last question. Let me start with the part that I can address before handing it to Bob. I guess you guys are going to talk about maybe gas plant upside. The basic point I made, first of all, I think you have to recognize just the type of company we are. There's conservatism across our full range of forecasting. As we have every year in the past, we are constantly looking, as the old cliché, we are constantly looking at how to sweat the assets, what capital expenses really need to be done. We have the FORNRG program, which has been successful. There is an extension of the FORNRG program within Reliant, taking a careful look at the cost structure there. There's variety of ways that we have been looking at, very different and pretty micro at each of the plants. Within the Reliant business, they are looking at different ways of enhancing revenues, but there is no sort of one general theme. Each plant has sort of different ways. I would just also say that economic recovery, demand growth, natural gas prices increasing, we are not forecasting for any weather event. From our perspective, from my perspective, between sort of our natural conservatism in terms of the way we do this forecast on a static basis and the work that we've repeatedly shown every year as a management team that we can do to outperform, I'm confident that there's more conservatism in the number overall than there is aggressiveness.
Bob Flexon: Just a general comment on the guidance and these are just my own philosophy on doing guidance. When you are doing 2010 and 2009, I always like to start with a number where we've got a very high confidence level. During the course of the year, our challenge as a management team is to beat that. Consistently since I've been here, I've have always put some level of contingency in there for the unknown to the downside, recognizing that our shareholders are much more comfortable living with the upside than the downside. That said, on the gas assets, specific to that question, Mauricio mentioned how we will have increased pointing of the gas generation to the retail assets. We'll be recognizing that value through the transfer of wholesale into retail. The way that I generally think about 2010 and the gas assets versus 2009, historically we've always estimated that the gas assets generate somewhere between $100 million to $150 million of gross margin. In '09, we are at the very low end of that range, and I think going to '10, we could see more towards the upper end of that range. So, I think that's also kind of the way you can think about the margin from the gas assets.
Angie Storozynski: Is the $150 million gross margin from gas already embedded in the guidance?
Bob Flexon: No. We have some level of that in there. Again, when we come up with a number, our number when you roll it all together, yes, total more than 2.2. We come out and put a 2.2 number that's out there to keep some level of conservatism there. So there's some shaving that happens across the board when we do it. Since the baseload portfolio is largely hedged, that haircut largely gets to the remaining open positions in wholesale, which is primarily gas and heat rate.
Angie Storozynski: Any comments about the other retail business?
David Crane: The retail business was, our sort of 250 mid cycle run rate, whether we were changing that?
John Ragan: No, we would not have a fundamental change in our view of the run rate for the retail business. When the market conditions sets itself up for us to over perform on that number, I mean that's the way we'll run the business, but you shouldn't fundamentally change your view on the run rate.
David Crane: Or not on account of us at least. Anyway, Angie, thank you for that. We'll be happy if you want to have further discussions to take it offline, but I know from the reporting calendar there are a lot of companies reporting today. I think we're going to call it a day. I want to thank everyone for participating on the call. We look forward to seeing people down in Houston next month. Thank you again to Bob Flexon. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2009 NRG Energy Earnings Call. My name is Erica and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn a presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Nahla Azmy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Erica. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2009 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished with the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay of the call will be also available on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and question-and-answer session, will be limited to 45 minutes. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up, and now for the obligatory Safe Harbor Statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is July 30th, 2009 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law. During this morning's call we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures; please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Now with that, I am pleased to turn this over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. This call is quite unusual in that comes shortly after rather than just before both the provision of updated full year guidance and an extensive investor outreach effort by the company. What this means is that there's relatively little new information provided today and as many of you have been very generous in giving us your time over the past few weeks, we intend to partially repay that debt by keeping this call short and sweet, and I do mean sweet. If you're looking at the slides, you may want to be looking at slide four. In our recent conversations with you, we have, for obvious reasons, been more focused on the long-term value proposition of the company. The fact is that the company's also delivering absolutely extraordinary results right now in the depth of the first great recession of the 21st century and that performance should not be overlooked because as all of you know and as all of us at NRG are acutely aware, long-term value is created by a succession of strong quarterly performances. So today we intend to shine the spotlight on our current performance. Here to do that are John Ragan, our Chief Operating Officer, who will review the performance of our plant and commercial operations groups; and Bob Flexon who will review our exceptional second quarter and first half 2009 financial results. John?
John Ragan: Thank you, David. Good morning everyone. During the second quarter of 2009 NRG continued to build on the strong operating performance that it had achieved during the first quarter and was well-positioned to enter into the critical summer months. On slide six, we highlight some of our second quarter achievements. Our focus on safety across the organization has remained strong with an OSHA recordable rate of 1.31 through the first half of 2009. Our OSHA rate continues to exceed the top quartile benchmark for the industry of 1.52. While this is a solid accomplishment for the company, safety continues to be a top priority for the management team and all of NRG's employees. Some of the activities that we have undertaken during the second quarter to reinforce safe work practices have included a national safety stand down with all of our corporate employees. The implementation of our new safety work policy to strengthen our expectations with our contractors, and advancing our efforts to achieve OSHA's DPP status at three of our generating facilities. Our baseload operations have had another solid quarter with our plant personnel delivering strong performance even though we continue to face challenging market conditions caused by cycling, an increase in reserve shutdowns and additional starts for our coal assets especially in the Northeast. From a construction standpoint, our EPC Group has continued to move forward with multiple projects across the fleet. We completed the construction of Dunkirk 3 & 4 back-end controls and delivered the system into successful operations at the end of May. Construction will be completed this fall on the remaining two units, Dunkirk 1 & 2. Additionally construction has begun on our peaking units in Connecticut at the Devon site. These new units are a part of the Repowering NRG program. I will review the Cedar Bayou 4 project a little later in my presentation. Finally, our Commercial Operations Group has continued to effectively manage the hedging and dispatch of our wholesale generation portfolio in addition to executing the integration and risk management requirements for the Reliant Energy retail supply portfolio. Now, turning to more detail about our plants operations performance, slide seven illustrates that net generation was down for both the quarter and the year compared to 2008. This was due to continuing weaker market conditions stemming from low natural gas prices that have led to coal to gas switching and lower electricity demands. The largest decrease was in the Northeast where the coal fleet was impacted by the reserve shutdowns across the region. While our generation was below 2008 levels, availability of the baseload fleet improved in the second quarter and year-to-date, driven by strong performance of the Texas coal and nuclear assets. The South Texas Nuclear Project has had a perfect operating year with 100% availability and 100% net capacity factors. These two units are currently working on their fifth breaker to breaker run without an unplanned interruption. This facility in 2008 also led the industry for the most electricity generated from any two reactor plant in US and is currently ahead of this record as of June 30. Additionally, our two Texas coal plants, Limestone and Parish, have also had outstanding year so far with unplanned outage rates exceeding the top decile performance for the industry. In fact, this is NRG's best second quarter EAF and best quarter ever for [E4], for the Texas baseload fleet during the past 10 years. During the second quarter we also achieved our full-year FORNRG 2.0 growth target. This achievement was accomplished through corporate cost reductions, continued reliability improvements within our generating fleet and the sale of non-core assets. We are now focusing our efforts to get an early start on delivering the 2010 target which is an additional 24 basis point improvement in ROIC. In addition to this FORNRG savings, we have continued to look for ways to reduce our budgeted normal and major maintenance spending and have worked diligently to renegotiate purchasing and maintenance contracts with our top vendors in an effort to reduce price increases that we incurred during the past several years. Moving to our hedge profile and commodity sensitivities on slide eight, as we have reviewed with you many times on prior calls, we continuously seek opportunities to lock in additional hedges; hedging power or power equivalents during the up cycles and coal during the down cycles. On the top left chart, we show we are well hedged through 2011 timeframe for both power and fuel. In the prior quarter, we had added substantially to our fuel needs for the 2010 through 2012 timeframe. During the second quarter, we took advantage of the opportunity to add our power hedges in 2010 and we saw some strength in the market that was in line with our price targets and at prices materially higher than they are currently. We will continue to look for these opportunities through the balance of the year. In Texas, heat rates have remained stable and well supported during the quarter and we continue to monitor for opportunistic times for which we can convert some of our gas hedges into power, assuming that prices have reached levels in line with our fundamental outlook. On the top right chart, we have shown sensitivities for both gas price and heat rate changes to our baseload fleet through 2013. Now moving to the retail business fundamentals; load in Texas for the first five months of the year on a weather normalized basis was down between 3.5% and 4%, driven primarily by weaker industrial demand with residential and commercial slightly higher. We believe the primary reason for the retrenchment in industrial demand is the nature of the manufacturing activity in the state, which is concentrated primarily in petrochemicals and chemical manufacturing. These industries are some of the most price elastic in terms of their ability to adjust output in changing economic conditions. Once the recession ends and economic expansion begins, the elasticity of the industrial sector should drive a robust recovery in Texas. June was the first month with better than expected demand on a weather normalized basis and was only down by approximately 0.5%. While one month is not a trend, percent change between June and the prior month is fairly significant. So we will continue to closely monitor the change in industrial activity going forward. More specifically during May and June, we had unseasonably hot weather driving increased demand by our residential retail customers. During each month, there were 22 days of above normal temperatures in the Houston area where a majority of our customers reside. On the [C&I] front, we have launched sales campaigns across multiple marketing channels during May. We've have already seen increased interest in our product offering and are experiencing profitable margins within this segment. Now, turning to slide nine, our EPC group completed the construction of Cedar Bayou 4, a 550 MW combined cycle unit located outside of Houston and within ERCOT's Houston zone. This unit was completed ahead of schedule, on budget and within design specifications. In fact, the unit came on 22 days early, just in time for the significant heat wave that embraced Texas during the last week of June. Since its commercial operations date on June 24, this unit operated extremely well during the balance of the month with an 82% net capacity factor, a 99% equivalent availability factor and a 100% starting reliability. During the first quarter earnings call, I spoke about the seamless execution that occurred between our construction and plant operations teams in bringing the Huntley baghouse project online in Western New York. The transition from construction to operations can sometimes be a significant hurdle in achieving solid execution during the final stages of a project. CBY4 illustrates yet another example of our teams working closely together to bring a new asset online in a flawless manner. CBY4 will be a valuable asset for NRG and represents a very efficient approach to using existing equipment and plant sites to repower our fleet with more efficient generation. This unit increases the diversity of our portfolio and will help serve the needs of our retail customers throughout Texas. Now I will turn it over to Bob, who will discuss our financial results.
Bob Flexon: Thank you, John. Good morning and thank you for joining our call this morning. Beginning with the financial highlights from slide 11, as David highlighted in his opening comments, the company is achieving record financial performance in 2009 due largely to the acquisition of Reliant Energy. Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter in the first half of 2009 came in at $747 million and $1.224 billion respectively. Both the quarter and year-to-date performances are all-time highs for the company. Cash from operations increased 66% to $722 million for the first half of the year while free cash flow from recurring ops was up over 94% compared to the first six months of last year. Cash from operations was the single biggest contributor to the June 30th record liquidity level which exceeded $4 billion. Liquidity also benefited from the high yield bond offering in June that raised $678 million in net proceeds and the MIBRAG sale which provided after-tax net proceeds of $260 million. Our full year outlook was previously updated on July 8, 2009. We raised our adjusted EBITDA guidance at that time by $325 million to $2.5 billion. The wholesale business continues to be largely protected by our hedge positions offsetting weak commodity prices and generation demand while the retail business outlook continues to benefit from these weak commodity prices and the low demand within the ERCOT market currently being experienced due to warmer than normal weather. Few high-level priorities for the second half of 2009 includes successfully executing and completing our capital allocations plan by repurchasing $500 million of our common shares and unwinding the credit sleeve currently supporting the retail business. The quarter-over-quarter comparison on slide 12 clearly highlights the exceptional performance of Reliant Energy, generating $230 million in adjusted EBITDA in its first two months of NRG ownership. The mass and commercial industrial businesses combined to provide $320 million in gross margin on 10.4 TWh billed for an average customer margin of $30.77 per MWh. Transaction and integration costs not included in adjusted EBITDA was $33 million and $2 million respectively year to date through June 30, 2009. Total remaining integration expenses are expected to be approximately $16 million, the majority of which will be incurred during 2009. The Texas region's results declined by $169 million quarter over quarter driven by lower realized power prices across the fleet as the 2008 results benefited from the higher power prices that were the result of transmission congestion and high natural gas prices as compared to the second quarter of 2009, where power and natural gas prices were significantly lower. The decline in energy prices plus lower generation of 580,000 MWh had a combined negative impact of $235 million which was offset by $121 million decline in fuel costs, primarily natural gas. In addition, the second quarter of 2008 benefited from the $7 million reimbursement from STP 3&4 development expenses from CPS, our partner in the project, plus higher emission sales of $10 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the Northeast region was $4 million higher, driven by $13 million in higher energy margins as lower costs (inaudible) load contracts benefited margins. In addition, the portfolio's hedge position largely offset the 50% reduction in generation during the quarter. Offsetting the margin benefit was higher emission expenses for RGGI compliance of approximately $3 million in lower emission sales during the quarter as compared to last year's second quarter, where approximately $7 million of emission sales occurred. The South Central region has adjusted EBITDA of $24 million during the quarter, an increase of $ 6 million or 33% from the second quarter 2008 EBITDA of $18 million. Driving the favorable quarter-over-quarter variance was major maintenance which declined $4 million primarily attributable to the planned spring outage being on unit three which is a jointly owned unit with Entergy versus the prior quarter's outage being on unit one which is wholly-owned by NRG. Meanwhile, a 10% decline in generation at Big Cajun resulting from lower demand was offset by favorable purchase power prices averaging $33 per MWh, 65% lower than 2008. Slide 13 provides the year-over-year comparison. Beginning with the Texas region; EBITDA declined $141 million to $666 million for the first half of 2009, a 17% decline. Similar to the second quarter results, this decline is largely attributable to the market conditions that favorably impacted May and June of 2008 that were partially offset by the positive results of the first quarter of 2009 where the region EBITDA increased by $28 million over the prior year's first quarter, due largely to a lower fuel costs. Northeast year-to-date adjusted EBITDA was lower by approximately $22 million, this was largely driven by $15 million decrease in capacity revenues as a result of New York ISO's reduction and installed reserve margins and ICAP in-city mitigation rules, which became effective in March of 2008. Also contributing to the region's lower results was the $6 million increase in property tax. Turning to South Central for the first half of 2009 adjusted EBITDA declined $28 million to $53 million, as there were a number of factors contributing to the decline including 10% lower generation at Big Cajun, 28% decline in contract revenue, and an approximately 42% decline in the average merchant sales price. The decline in the average merchant sales price from $89 per MWh in 2008 to $51 per MWh in 2009 was attributable to lower commodity prices partially offset by 51% increase in merchant volumes, as the region sold 1.4 million MWh in the first six months of 2009 as compared to 918,000 MWh in 2008. Meanwhile, higher capacity revenues and lower fuel and operating cost partially offset the decline. Turning to the West, year-to-date adjusted EBITDA is down $19 million primarily due to $16 million decline in economic gross margin as a result of the El Segundo tolling agreement that expired in April 2008. Partially offsetting the declines were higher resource adequacy sales at El Segundo and Encina, operating and maintenance, unfavorable $10 million due to the major overhaul at El Segundo unit four and plant maintenance at Encina units four and four. Equity earnings from our Saguaro unit increased $7 million due to lower natural gas costs. Cash flow from operations, on slide 14, increased by $286 million over the same period in 2008 to $722 million. The increase for the first half of 2009 versus 2008 was principally driven by the return of collateral posted last year as a result of the closeout of commercial trade positions and the return of posted collateral that build-up in the first half of 2008 due to increased natural gas and power prices. Cash interest payments declined approximately $8 million as a result of the $233 million lower debt balances, primarily Term Loan B, resulting from our yearly mandatory offer that occurred in the first quarter and lower interest rates. Environmental CapEx increased $52 million compared to the first half of '08 primarily related to the Baghouse projects at our Western New York plants. Repowering investments of $199 million, included $78 million of expenditures at STP 3&4, $62 million for the Langford wind project and $27 million related to the completion of Cedar Bayou unit 4. In addition, the company contributed $35 million towards its GenConn joint venture with United Illuminating Company for the construction of the 200 MW Devon station. Slide 15 outlines the company's liquidity position as of June 30th. Total financial liquidity, excluding funds deposited by hedge counterparties, reached a record level surpassing $4 billion at June 30th. The $662 million increase in liquidity from year-end 2008 was largely driven by the $722 million cash from operations, $678 million in net proceeds from the June issuance of the 8.5% senior notes, and $260 million in net proceeds from the sale of MIBRAG. These increases were partially offset by the $288 million payment for the acquisition of Reliant Energy plus $63 million for the first installment payment on the net working capital acquired. Letters of credit totaling approximately $135 million have been issued during the year; $81 million in support of the equity bridge loan associated with the GenConn joint venture project, and $59 million in letters of credit in connection with the tax exempt bonds issued at Dunkirk and to support the Reliant Energy working capital facility. Slide 16 is a reprint from our call on July 8, 2009 where we increased our guidance to $2.5 billion. Since the guidance was updated just three weeks back, we are not changing the previously announced numbers. Overall the wholesale portfolio continues to target $2.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA for the year and considering the hedge positions of our portfolio we expect the variability around that number to be limited. For Reliant, high demand in June and July along with the profitability outlook for the remainder of the year should result in the company comfortably exceeding the $400 million guidance target. Slide 17, details how we approach our balance sheet management at NRG. Maintaining ample liquidity to support our hedging program which S&P recently highlighted as the principal reason for the multiple upgrades received during the quarter, can only be accomplished with a multifaceted liquidity program that utilizes cash balances, liquidity facilities including the revolver and LCs and a first lien structure that enables our portfolio hedging multiple years into the future. Our repowering projects such as GenConn utilize non-recourse financing structures to protect the corporate balance sheet. In addition, we continuously review project related risk in relation to our corporate balance sheet. Once the appropriate project risk profile is achieved the enterprise is considered for migration back to the parent balance sheet which as an example is the plan for Reliant. Our capital structure management has recently led to credit rating upgrades from both Standard & Poor's and Moody's. Most recently Moody's upgraded our first lien debt to BAA3, an investment grade rating. As testament to our balance sheet management these upgrades had been received during a severe downward commodity price environment. In regards to our debt covenants we currently have approximately $850 million of capacity available for share repurchases under both the credit agreement and the bond indentures and we expect both baskets will expand at a rate that won't constrain our capital allocation plans into the near future. In addition to achieving our operational financial targets for 2009 the financial plan for the remainder of the year is to execute the 2009 capital allocation plan as outlined on slide 18. The key elements of which are completing the $500 million of share repurchases, unwinding the retail credit sleeve at or around the end of the third quarter to allow for the free flow of cash generated by Reliant and full settlement of the $181 million CSFII structure. With that, I'll turn it back to David for closing comments and questions.
David Crane: Thank you Bob, and thank you John. As we look forward for the remainder of the third quarter our intent, quite simply, is to focus on delivering the type of financial and operating performance for the balance of 2009 that we are reporting here today in respect of the first half. If we perform at such a level, we will produce for our shareholders across the board absolute record full year financial results. This is in, our opinion, the quickest and most likely path to further correction in our share price performance. Beyond our focus on current financial and operating performance, there are things we want to do as soon as possible and we have listed some of these on slide 20, both to improve the core business platform and to demonstrate the value of certain elements of them. Our sense of urgency in this regard is in-part the product of us at NRG being an inherently impatient company and in-part as a result of the consequences of the Exelon situation. As a management team that's driven to move the company forward each and every day and each and every quarter, we feel that the second quarter of 2009 was a bit of a loss in this regard. Certain aspects of some of our development projects essentially froze during the quarter as the proxy contest drew near, as some of our partners, suppliers, and off-takers put pencils down to await the outcome, with those clouds having parted over those projects, we want to push hard to make up for time lost. The other part of our focus for the balance of the quarter can be generally described as concentrating on basic corporate blocking and tackling; budgets, personnel, organizational improvements, procurement and major maintenance planning; the type of things that do not necessarily make for exciting investor relations stories but do make for solid well-managed companies. In short, it is my sincerest objective and certainly it's my most profound expectation that all of you can get away for a well-deserved vacation sometime over the next several weeks and hopefully you'll go someplace where your Blackberry's don't work and wherever you go, you won't have to worry about hearing from NRG. You'll be secure in the knowledge that you will not miss any announcement regarding the next chapter in the NRG’s story. Having said this, one of our lessons learned over the past several weeks is that there are several important elements of the NRG value proposition particularly around our growth initiatives that are not fully understood by the investment community. In many cases, this is because they are complicated, detailed and nuanced and just generally do not suit themselves to the type of cursory treatment that they receive in the typical broad ranging investor presentation. The obvious example of such an issue is our nuclear development program. What's the potential opportunity? How and when will it be realized? And how will the risk be mitigated? Another question which was repeatedly raised with us over the past several weeks was how will the hedge books of our generation business in Texas and Reliant's wholesale supply be synchronized with each other once each business's legacy hedges are worked off? This is a very important question and as we see the two businesses forming an integrated whole, optimized for the benefit of the NRG shareholders we want to spend some time with you outlining our plans in this area. Toward that end, it's our intent to hold our second ever Analyst Day in Houston shortly after our third quarter call, either the second or third week of November, to explore in greater depth these and other important issues, to introduce you to more of the NRG people who are responsible for the success of this company in its most important areas of growth and to enable smaller groups of you to visit to the extent practical the many different types of NRG installations and projects which exist in the Greater Houston area. Please stay tuned. You will be getting more details from Nahla in the near future and she and we would welcome any suggestions you would like to offer on what other topics you would like to see us cover on that day. So as always, we want to thank you for your interest in NRG. We want to thank you, those NRG shareholders on the phone who voted for the NRG Board last week, and we want to say to you and to the NRG’s shareholders who voted with Exelon, we are working hard to ensure that no NRG shareholder will be disappointed in either the financial or the share price performance of NRG in the weeks, months, and years to come. So with that, Erica, I think we will be happy to take some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ameet Thakkar: David, I think on the July 8 call, you alluded to that you were pretty confident you were going to be able to get something done as far as selling a portion of the equity in STP units 3&4 and then having the uncertainty of Exelon prevented you guys from doing that, any update on that or is it too soon to go there?
David Crane: Well I would say that we are still highly confident. Yes, the update is that just a renewed sense of confidence that we will get that achieved before the end of 2009, before the end of this year. I am reluctant to put a month on it because I don't want to compromise our own position in the discussions but that’s obviously something that I am going to be focused on working with Steve Wynn and the NINA team and so I think that is in the offing. I just don't want to be too specific on exactly when we will get there.
Ameet Thakkar: If I could just ask one quick question on what you guys have seen as far as kind of demand in ERCOT. It looks like in June demand was off kind of about 50 basis points on a year-on-year basis but we obviously had a lot of hot weather in Texas. On a kind of weather adjusted basis, what are you guys seeing for demand?
David Crane: That is a weather adjusted number. Do we have a non-weather-adjusted number John or Mauricio?
John Ragan: I don't have that with us. [1%] was the weather adjusted number
David Crane: [1%] of?
John Ragan: 1% below year-on-year last year.
David Crane: But those numbers are weather adjusted in the presentation and again, that's a contrast with other regions. I think we see a positive situation now regarding Louisiana as well but not much signs of improvement in the Northeast.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Two questions about your Northeast gas units; first on the new ones being developed in Connecticut. Can you talk a little bit about the economics? I think the contracts are publicly disclosed; just curious about kind of the capacity payments and whether there's any variability there. On the New York City power markets, kind of any updates on the Poletti retirement and what that would do to supply-demand fundamentals in the New York City market?
David Crane: I think we will split that into two different speakers on that. As far as the Connecticut contracts, they are long-term contracts with the host utilities in the area. There is no variance in the way the capacity fees are paid. They're very stable contracts over the 30 year life.
Mauricio Gutierrez: With respect to New York, what we have seen is a significant improvement in capacity prices from last summer to this summer. Just to give you an order of magnitude, rest of state have been clearing for this summer close to $4 per KW a month. Last summer we were about $2.50. In New York City we're back up $8.60 per KW a month versus $6.00. So you have a summer-on-summer increase of close to 40% to 50%. With respect to Poletti, we are tracking closely. It should be retired next year and what that is going to do is going to put some upward pressure on capacity prices in New York City. Keep in mind that we also have a new power plant coming online next year around Albany, the Bessy Corp, that's about 500 MW. But we believe that the retirement of Poletti which is close to 850 MW is going to offset completely that.
Michael Lapides: Got it and just following up on Connecticut. Have you guys ever disclosed what the capacity payment is for those plants, for the new ones?
David Crane: The way that is structured is the contract for differences between the capacity price that's set by the New England ISO and what the market bears. I don't think it's a number that we've disclosed in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Could you just talk a little bit about the downward sloping coal and lignite hedges you have at your Texas baseload and where that pricing might compare to where forward or spot prices are?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, well I mean what I will say is that those hedges are probably close to where current market is. We haven't disclosed in the past the specific levels. We try to be opportunistic about when to execute those hedges. If you look at the coal markets, they have been in [contango] for a long period of time and we have been waiting patiently to see those prices come back to the price targets that we feel comfortable with and we execute. So what I will say is the prices that we have on the hedges were not executed when the market was extremely high beginning of last year.
Brian Russo: Just lastly, you guys reported about a $31 per MWh average margin in retail. I think historically Reliant had kind of targeted about a $20 per MWh margin on the residential customer. I'm just wondering are these outsized margins sustainable or is it just a function of the rapidly declining supply costs relative to a more sticky retail rate?
David Crane: Brian, I think sustainability is sort of in the eye of the beholder. Would they be sustainable over 10 or 15 years? I don't think we would be making that claim. But I think the term that's usually used is sticky. So as you know, Reliant has cut prices twice since we owned it. So, we think in a low commodity price environment, you probably can get a margin above the sort of mid-level margin for a good period of time. But I think that we don't expect to keep that margin at that level continuously.
Brian Russo: Just one more question, Cedar Bayou, is there an estimated full-year margin contribution from that JV?
Bob Flexon: It's relatively small, Brian. I'll estimate a little bit. I'm going to assume for the balance of the year, it's probably a $15 million to $20 million impact.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong: Congratulations on a good quarter and beating back the barbarians at the gate.
David Crane: Lasan, those are your words; not ours.
Lasan Johong: I understand, I'm not being derogatory in any way, shape or form; just borrowing the title from the book. There is a pretty severe drought going on in Texas from what I understand. Is this going to have an effect on operating any of your coal plants or STP in any way?
John Ragan: No, we don't think limitations on water resource would have any impact on our plants in Texas.
Lasan Johong: That's great. David, why don't we just simplify the argument? I think you and I can both agree there's significant value in STP 3&4. I have my views on what that is and I'm sure you have your views on what you think it is. Can you give us a sense of kind of an MPV value or STP 3&4?
David Crane: An MPV value, Bob, do you want to take it?
Bob Flexon: Well I think at this point it's still I think a bit early to come out with that. We're still working through all the final pricing, final [off-pay] contracts, loan guarantees, the cost of financing. I think right now if we tried to come out with that number, we would probably would be (inaudible) put it out there at this point.
David Crane: We've looked at more from an option value perspective at this point in time Lasan and let's try to create some suspense around the analyst day. I think that's something that we would like to explore probably in greater depth at that time.
Lasan Johong: Fair enough, thank you very much. Congratulations again.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin: Which is higher? The average purchase power price embedded in Reliant's retail purchase power contracts or the power sales price embedded in your wholesale generation fleet taxes; if we look at sort of the contracts in say third and fourth quarter or so for the remainder of the year?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Brian, let me just give you a sense of order of magnitude. Keep in mind that the Reliant retail business tends to hedge the portfolio front-loaded. If you look at what they have right now for 2009 and probably early part of 2010, they enter those hedges at relatively high prices. So I would say that their average price is probably higher than our hedge price without having the numbers in front of me. Just talking about it qualitatively, I would think that because of the front load characteristic of the retail portfolio and the fact that they are running up a completely hedged book, that those average hedges are higher.
Brian Chin: When you say front loaded as in they put on the hedges with a shorter duration than you guys put on your hedges on the generation side?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Correct. On our generation portfolio strategic hedging program spans out five years. The Reliant retail portfolio, when they hedge, they really hedge what they call the contracted load or the fixed-price load and that tends to be front loaded.
Brian Chin: Then also when you're making that comparison, you are excluding the transmission line flow-through costs from Centerpoint or any of the other transmission wires, is that right?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Correct, I'm only talking energy and energy components only.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of [Neel Mitra] with Simmons & Co. International.
Neel Mitra: I just wanted to understand some of the larger details in regards to how you plan to integrate the wholesale gas assets with the Reliant retail unit. Will you be able to avoid putting on some of the expensive super peak hedges by contracting the gas assets with the retail unit even though you have a lot of gas plants that have some significant startup times? If you do hedge retail with gas, what does this do to the historical range of EBITDA guidance that's been between about $100 million to $150 million in the past?
David Crane: Mauricio, again do you want to talk about the super peak and how we're going to handle that at Reliant?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well I'm just going to give a just generality. I think we are going to talk about that in specifics on our analyst day. I think you mentioned something about the long lead startup times that we have in our plants and I want to provide you some color on that. First, our Reliant retail portfolio will continue to be hedged, against a lot of [obligation], and yes, Neel, we're going to match our gas portfolio demand as the weather variability and the super peak for Reliant retail. With respect to the long-lead startup, keep in mind that we have a little over 5000 MW. I will say that a good portion of that is our GP's can be online in less than an hour. I would say the vast majority, two-thirds of our fleet can be online in less than 12 hours and that's a cold start. So if for any reason you had a warm or a hot start, can be online much faster than that. Really just a small portion of our gas fleet has a 24 hour lead startup. So I think we are very well positioned to manage the load peaks if Reliant needs that.
Neel Mitra: That's really helpful, thanks. How much was the retail EBITDA guidance for 2009? It comes from the C&I segment. How should we expect that to change in 2010 after you have had more time to relaunch the business?
David Crane: We haven't split it publicly and at this point, I'm not prepared to do that. I think the overall in the retail guidance, we guided out there 400. We feel very comfortable that that number, we will exceed that. As we get further along in the business, whether or not we determine to split it out or not, we will make that call. But right now we are keeping all the margins information like more of a blended type average rather than specific to segment at the moment. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you and we look forward to talking to you in the fall on the third quarter call and then at the analyst day. So thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the NRG Energy First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Nahla Azmy, Vice President of Investor Relations for NRG Energy.
Nahla Azmy: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter 2009 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website, at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished with the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay and podcast of the call will be posted on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is April 30, 2009, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information and the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Today, I am joined here by John Ragan, our Chief Operating Officer; and Bob Flexon, our Chief Financial Officer. Both will be giving part of today's presentation, and also by Mauricio Gutierrez, who runs our commercial operations and will be available. He may or may not answer your questions depending on their level of commercial sensitivity. I'm going to be referring to the slide deck with slide five by providing a summary of what I consider to be the highlights for the quarter and to put in the context of the philosophy of our business. As those of you who have followed NRG for the past five years are well aware, our business model, and of course, the way we manage the business always has been based on the fundamental facts that the competitive power generation business is a long lead time, capital intensive, highly cyclical commodity-driven business. Operating in an industry with these basic characteristics, a well positioned company like NRG normally is aiming to tread water during the down cycles in order that it may surf the up cycles. In a sense, that's what we are doing in this mother of all down cycles and that we are treading water in a sense that we are posting healthy financial results off a strong operating performance. My sense is that due to the very severity of this down cycle combined with our particularly robust liquidity and forward hedge position, we are doing much more than just treading water through the down cycle. By being nimble and proactive, we are putting ourselves in a position to thrive during the downturn so that we can thrive even more during the upswing, which inevitably will follow. In the first quarter we began to do just that. We demonstrated that the key to thriving during the down cycle is to deliver on a core business plan, which has been purposely structured to withstand the down cycle while deploying the relative strength of our business to take advantage of the best and brightest opportunities in the marketplace. This slide five illustrates that intrinsic, extrinsic one, two approach. During the first quarter, first of all, we got the most out of our assets. We achieved the best economic return available on our assets through significant improvement in our year-over-year reliability. Second, we successfully matched our baseload hedge position and the first link collateral structure that supports it in order that they might deliver on their core promise, which is ensuring the base case profitability of the company. At the same time, we continue to pursue the down cycle portion of our forward hedge strategy by adding significantly to our coal purchases, while staying out of the forward market for power and gas hedges. Third, we accessed the debt markets at the project company levels to raise over $500 million of reasonably priced non-recourse debt instead in support of the PPA-based GenConn projects. Fourth, while executing successfully on our intrinsic business plan, we transacted successfully extrinsically as well, acquiring the development rights to eSolar's big solar thermal projects in the West, taking advantage of the relatively strong market conditions in Europe to contract for the sale of our ownership interest in MIBRAG for approximately $259 million and purchasing Reliant Energy's retail business for $287.5 million. MIBRAG is still on track to close later in the second quarter and the Reliant acquisition is on track to close at midnight tonight. As such, I will have a few comments on Reliant Energy later in the presentation. I wish to turn over to John Ragan, our Chief Operating Officer, for his review of the company's operational performance.
John Ragan: NRG has continued its strong operating and commercial performance during the first quarter of 2009. Slide seven highlights a few of these accomplishments. First, NRG continued to have a strong safety performance during the quarter. The company posted an OSHA recordable rate of 1.47, which exceeds the top quartile benchmark for the industry. We had 27 facilities experience no recordable safety incidents. Some of the activities that we focused on during the quarter to reinforce safe work practices have included a national safety stand down with all of our operational employees and rolling out a new contractor safety work policy to strengthen our expectations with contractors, as we increase the amount of construction that will continue to occur on our sites over the next few years. I will cover plant and commercial operations in more detail on the next few slides. As you can see, our coal and nuclear operations performed very well during the quarter with outstanding availability and improved outage rates, all within the context of a more challenging operating environment for the baseload coal suite. Nuclear operations at STP continue to trend to flawless operations, achieving 100% operational availability during the quarter. Our engineering, procurement and construction group moved forward with many projects during Q1. Since the completion of Huntley 67 and 68 baghouse projects in December and January, we have had outstanding operational performance from these two units with availability exceeding 96% after these major outages were completed. This type of performance coming out of a major maintenance and construction outage is a true testament to the outstanding integration between our construction and plant operations groups, as these transitions can sometimes be a stumbling point from achieving solid execution in the completion phase of large complex projects. Although not highlighted on the slide, Dunkirk 3 and 4 baghouse construction projects are on track and will be completed in May, while units 1 and 2 will be completed this fall. Moving to Texas, our Cedar Bayou 4 combined cycle project is near completion with the units finishing their first fire and steam test during April. Our plant operations group working in parallel with the construction group has completed all readiness assessments and will take full control of the unit prior to June 1, when the unit begins commercial operations. Adding to our mid-merit portfolio, Cedar Bayou 4 will help in managing the load characteristic associated with the new Reliant Energy retail business. Finally, construction has begun on our peaking units in Connecticut that are part of the NRG Repowering program. Our commercial operations group continued to execute through the commodity price down cycle to protect and manage our generation portfolio. During the quarter, the group added additional whole commodity hedges for our baseload fleet. Additionally, the group has been focused on the integration requirements for rolling the supply management function of the Reliant Energy retail business into our established ERCOT portfolio team. Now, turning to additional detail around our plant and commercial operations, slide eight illustrates the performance in the operating environment for NRG during Q1 2009. While there are certain market factors that are outside of the company's control, the factors that we can control, plant availability and reliability, continue to be managed very effectively. The availability factor for our baseload plants improved to 92.9% from 90.5% in Q1 2008 and our forced outage rate improved to 1.6% as compared to 2% in Q1 2008. These are excellent results when considering that many of these units were being dispatched in a fashion more similar to intermediate units as compared to baseload units. From a generation standpoint, our baseload plants generated 10% fewer megawatt hours in Q1 2009 as compared to Q1 2008. In addition to the normal maintenance outages we had at Limestone and Parish and the major baghouse outage that we completed at Huntley, reserve shutdowns and down cycling of our units have also impacted our baseload coal generation on a quarter-over-quarter basis. The reserve shutdowns and cycling of our units that we experienced during Q1 are a direct affect of some of the macroeconomic factors that we are currently seeing in our economy. As with the rest of the nation, we have seen downward pressure on both electric and natural gas demand during the quarter. The impact of lower electric demand has an overall dampening effect on electric generation. Secondarily, the precipitous drop in natural gas prices has created the opportunity for efficient combined cycle gas plants to displace baseload coal generation. As the graph on slide eight illustrates, the more recent coal displacements by gas have been more prevalent in the Northeast markets during March when gas prices moved to their lowest level in the quarter. Over the past 10 years, we have only seen short periods of time when gas generation displaced coal, notably the winter of 2001 to 2002. Looking forward over the longer term, we don't see a change in market dynamics where gas units would displace coal units in the merit order. While these production declines created some additional operational challenges, our commercial operations strategy that was executed through 2008 significantly protected our gross margin for the fleet. Unlike some generators, NRG has and will continue to aggressively hedge our baseload generation over the longer term to provide a more certain cash flow profile. Slide nine illustrates our energy and fuel hedges for the next five years. As we have seen the entire energy commodity complex move down, we have used the downturn in market prices to increase our coal hedging profile for the years 2010 through 2012. This is shown on the bar chart as new fuel hedges. Now in regards to our long power position, we have been patient to enter into new hedges for the forward years. During 2008, we took advantage of hedging the generation portfolio from 2009 through 2013 when gas prices were significantly higher. We will continue to be patient during the downturn and look for selling opportunities when we see natural gas prices move down to more fundamental levels. As we move into the next decade, our portfolio is well positioned to take advantage of the economic recovery and commodity price expansion. As shown, the company is well hedged through 2011, which will protect the baseload gross margins across the trough of the recession and the commodity price cycle. As you are aware, natural gas price is one of the primary commodities that impact our future gross margins. Therefore, understanding what will create a reversal of the downward trend and gas prices that we have seen since the middle of last year is a critical piece of the puzzle. Slide 10 illustrates the relationship between US rig count and gas prices for the past 15 years. As shown, there is a general correlation between a decrease in rig count followed by an increase in prices. In the US, we are currently experiencing a significant reduction in rig count. As of the middle of March, natural gas rig count had dropped to a level of 760 rigs in operation. Industry consensus is that approximately 800 rigs are required to maintain existing production levels. With decreased industrial demand being somewhat offset by coal to gas fuel switching, any pickup in industrial demand, further reductions in rig count, accelerated decline rates for shale gas production or unexpected weather events could provide the catalyst for gas prices to rebound. Additionally, with the lack of capital flowing into both the gas and power infrastructure sectors, the potential for expanded dark and spark spread margins is a possible outcome as the economy strengthens and a period where infrastructure may be more constrained than in the recent past. Turning now to heat rates, the lower right graph on slide 10 indicates the change in ERCOT heat rates over the past two months. As shown, heat rate continues to trend upwards after 2011 due to expectations around economic expansion, the uncertainty around future regulatory and legislative actions and the impact of current capital constraints that will affect future generation projects within ERCOT. To summarize, the commercial operations group will continue to actively manage the generation fleet by taking advantage of opportunities that allow us to prudently hedge both our fuel requirements and our generation position. In addition, our plant operations organization will focus on continuous improvement of operating practice that will drive employee safety and improve plant performance. Now, I will turn it over to Bob who will discuss our financial results.
Bob Flexon: While the current declines in the power prices and commodity markets and overall power demand that John just referred to have all combined to create very difficult and challenging times for the power generators, as David mentioned in his opening comments, it's the business environment such as today's that our business model has been designed for in order to protect shareholder value along with other company stakeholders. Three key principles serving us well that have not changed since NRG's early days includes actively managing the portfolio to generate consistent free cash flow, maintaining ample and diverse liquidity sources to support commercial hedging and capital allocation and prudent balance sheet management. With the backdrop of these lower prices in demand, the first quarter results as highlighted on slide 12 clearly benefited from our hedge position, much like we expect the near to medium term will. In fact, our first quarter 10-Q disclosure will show that as of March 31, 2009, the fair value of all of our commercial hedges were nearly $1.6 billion in the money to NRG. In regards to the prudent balance sheet management when the Repowering growth program was launched back in 2006, we set a goal of protecting the corporate balance sheet as we pursued opportunities. Consistent with this goal, we added $500 million of credit capacity for long lead time materials and equipment for NINA, and just the other day we completed the $534 million GenConn financing to provide our equity contribution and construction funds. Add to that $58.5 million in tax exempt financing at an interest rate of 45 basis points with maturity not until 2042. Turning to the financial results on slide 13, adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of 2009 was $477 million, a 9% reduction from the first quarter 2008 results of $525 million. As noted a moment ago, the current quarter experienced lower generation, capacity and commodity prices, but these declines were largely offset by hedges that mitigated the negative impact to our financial results. Included in our net earnings but excluded from adjusted EBITDA were $332 million of mark-to-market gains in our economic hedges. This compares to $170 million loss in the first quarter of 2008. Additionally, $5 million in expenses related to the Exelon defense and $12 million associated with the acquisition of Reliant's retail business are excluded from adjusted EBITDA. The Texas region's results were favorable to last year due to lower fuel costs and higher hedge prices for our baseload units in 2009 nine versus 2008. Fuel costs were lower due to $15 million coal supply contract settlement in 2008. As John highlighted, the region also benefited from excellent baseload plant operating performance where equivalent forced outage rates for Limestone, Parish and FTP were all below 0.5% for the quarter. Although the Northeast region experience lower power prices and generation, the hedging program combined with the load obligations resulted in the region's net energy margins increasing by $4 million in the first quarter of '09 compared to '08. The biggest driver for the quarter-over-quarter decline is lower capacity revenues in New York, driven by New York ISO reduction and installed reserve margin requirements and the ICAP in-city mitigation rules put into effect in March 2008. Turning to South Central, EBITDA declined $34 million to $29 million as there were a number of drivers, including lower generation, lower demand and a decline in contract revenue. In the first quarter of 2009, the net capacity factor, a measurement of total plant output, is compared to the nameplate capacity for our Big Cajun II facility was 85% versus the exceptional performance of 92% in the first three months of 2008. The current quarter decline is attributable to two specific events, a six-day unplanned outage, which lowered output by 139,000 megawatt hours followed by a five-day reserve shutdown on unit 2 lowering output by another 121,000 megawatt hours. The lower generation impacted the amount of megawatt hours available for the region to sell into the merchant market, and when combined with decline in commodity prices, impacted EBITDA by $16 million quarter-over-quarter.South Central's first quarter 2008 was its highest single quarterly EBITDA since NRG emerged from bankruptcy. The West region's decline of $16 million from 2008 was due to planned outages and the exploration of a tolling agreement at El Segundo in April 2008. The planned outages included a major overhaul of units 3 and 4 at El Segundo and planned maintenance at Encina, including the lagoon dredging. Cash flow from operations on slide 14 increased by $79 million over the first quarter of 2008 to $139 million in the first quarter of 2009. The closeout of commercial trade positions and lower commodity prices combined with the quarter's earnings offset the working capital increases driven by higher coal inventories and other working capital changes. Environmental CapEx was $58 million in the quarter, primarily related to the baghouse projects at n our Western New York plant. Our Repowering investments included $37 million of expenditures for STP 3 and 4, $28 million for the Langford Wind Project and $31 million related to payment of yearend project accruals. Slide 15 outlines the company's liquidity position as of March 31, 2009. Total financial liquidity, excluding funds deposited by hedge counterparties, was $3.1 billion at the end of the quarter compared to $3.4 billion at the end of last year. The liquidity decline from yearend 2008 is a normal first quarter occurrence due to the timing of payments, which include $197 million term loan B mandatory pay down, an excess cash flow offer, $173 million of the semiannual payments on the interest for our high-yield bonds and $68 million in the property tax payments for the Texas region. In addition, the company purchased $35 million of RGGI emission allowances during the quarter. Adding to liquidity was the return of approximately $24 million in letters of credit previously required for RGGI auctions. Slide 16 provides the updated 2009 guidance for the generation business. This excludes costs associated with the Exelon defense and the Reliant retail transaction and integration, as well as the expected contributions from the retail business, which we'll provide in our second quarter earnings release. For the generation business, we're maintaining our original guidance adjusted for the pending sale of MIBRAG. Previous guidance included $25 million of adjusted EBITDA contribution from MIBRAG during the second half 2009. However, the sale is expected to close during the second quarter. As highlighted in this morning's press release, a number of market conditions are pressuring earnings, which include the lower commodity and capacity prices, transmission outages in the Northeast and South Central regions, lower generation from our gas fired plants and emission credit pricing. If these trends continue into the summer season, our guidance could be subject to a downward adjustment. Free cash flow from recurring operations is expected to be $1.18 billion. The environmental CapEx guidance reflects expenditures before the benefit of the tax exempt financing at Dunkirk. Repowering investments net of third-party funding increased by $36 million from prior guidance, primarily as a result of initiating construction for the Langford wind project, which previously included only the turbine capital. The two box numbers on the right highlight the free cash flow yields for 2009 given current share price and guidance levels. Using our stock price of $17.18 as of the close of the markets on April 29, NRG's free cash flow with the base business is $4.41 a share, which translates to a yield in excess of 25%. I'll finish with a 2009 capital allocation outlook on slide 17, beginning with business reinvestment. We will continue to make the investments required to achieve our stated objective of top decile operating performance for our baseload fleet. Our environmental investments in 2009 are largely concentrated in the Northeast region to complete the Western New York baghouse projects and the ramp-up in spending for the Indian River plant to comply with state environmental agreements. Capital management to-date includes the previously mentioned term loan B debt pay down, the financing for NINA, tax exempt financing for the Dunkirk baghouse project and financing of our GenConn Repowering project in Connecticut. Growth-oriented investments during the quarter totaled $87 million for Cedar Bayou 4, GenConn, the balance of plant construction at Langford and the continuing progress at STP 3 and STP 4. In the near future, we expect to close the announced transaction with the eSolar, providing the platform for the development of 500 megawatts of solar power generation. On May 1, NRG is expected to close on the purchase of Reliant's retail business. Funding for the strategic transaction will be enhanced by the sale of MIBRAG, which, as I mentioned earlier, we anticipate being completed by the end of the second quarter with expected proceeds of €202 million or $259 million. I'll now turn it back to David.
David Crane: Moving on as we look forward, if any of you were to look up our core values on our website; safety, teamwork, respect, integrity, value creation and exemplary leadership; you will see that they spell out the acronym STRIVE. Last year at our Annual Internal Management Meeting we focused on bringing those values to bear on capturing the extraordinary value and growth opportunities that were emerging in our industry as a result of the twin overriding societal dynamics of our age, fostering sustainability and combating climate change. This led to our "Strive to Thrive" model which captures our intent to drive into renewables and other alternative energy solutions, and as the title suggests, solutions conceived for this century not for the last. Since that time, the horizon of opportunity in our sector has expanded immensely as the extraordinary growth opportunity in alternative energy has been enhanced by the arrival of the new administration in Washington, which is totally in sync with these twin societal goals, and furthermore, has armed itself through the stimulus with extraordinary capacity to invest in furtherance of its sustainability and climate change objectives. Even beyond alternative energy, the financial crisis has separated those like NRG who are in a strong liquidity and hedge position from those who are not, and has transformed the power generation business from a raging seller's market to the most significant buyer's market that I've seen in my 20 years in this industry. We are seeing attractive growth opportunities in alternative energy, in our fossil fuel-based generation business, and in assets and businesses closely related to our core generation business, both upstream and downstream. We are pursuing opportunities in all three areas and already have had significant success as demonstrated by the Reliant acquisition. In respect to that acquisition, we are following the path that we followed with the successful execution and integration of the Texas Genco acquisition back in 2006. The Genco M&A effort then and the Reliant M&A effort now are based on the three key elements depicted on slide 19. The net result of this collaborative approach has been that, as I mentioned earlier, we close tomorrow one month ahead of schedule and less than two months since the deal was announced. The strategic logic of combining our leading generation position in South Texas with Reliant's retail electricity franchise has been well understood, so I won't repeat the rationale set forth on the top of slide 20. Tonight, at midnight, we at NRG working with our new colleagues from Reliant Energy assume the responsibility for turning that strategic logic from rhetoric into financial reality. I want to emphasize that neither we at NRG nor our new colleagues at Reliant Energy take that challenge lightly, as we are well aware that the retail electricity business is a management-intensive, highly competitive, intensely public business in which mistakes and poor performance are not quickly forgotten or easily repaired. Just as an illustration of the management challenge, while we expect Reliant to provide about 10% of our EBITDA going forward, the amount of new personnel, the head count additions of this transaction increases our overall head count by about a third. Tonight, as we take up that task I want to assure all of you, our shareholders that we are taking our responsibility very seriously and we intend to keep you informed to the fullest extent possible. I want to start today in terms of keeping you informed on slide 21 by providing you with an overview of our approach to the integration of Reliant into NRG. As depicted, we believe success in retail is derived from five core competencies. In two of these competencies, marketing branding and customer service, Reliant Energy is in our opinion best-in-class and NRG's approach is to let them do what they do best. Like with Texas Genco, our first integration priority in terms of the customer-facing side of the retail business is "Don't break it." A third core competency, government and regulatory affairs, in this case we're talking about in Austin, Texas, is an area where both companies are active and we already are working together in a close and harmonious fashion. You might think that this area has been difficult to synchronize since we as generators and Reliant as retailers approach the power business from different perspectives in ERCOT, but as both companies have as an overriding objective the proper and rational functioning of the ERCOT market, this has been relatively easy. Finally, there is wholesale supply and the risk management and credit required to support retail. Our assessment that these are the areas where there have been issues in the past for Reliant and for other generation short retailers both in Texas and elsewhere. This is the area of the retail business that NRG will assume direct responsibility for starting at midnight tonight with the merger of the real-time desk, the adoption of a unified risk management policy and the novation of the Merrill Lynch credit sleeve. Of course, that's all on top of the 11,000 megawatts of base, intermediate and peaking capacity that NRG has standing ready to support Reliant and their customer load requirements. As we go forward, we are thinking about the integration of Reliant in two phases, a stabilization phase, which is projected to last for the remainder of 2009, and the integration optimization phase, which is tentatively scheduled for the following 12 months or in calendar year 2010. As we reported to you in the quarters to come, we will advise you of our progress and satisfying these objectives and we will do so with considerably more quantification than we are providing at this preliminary juncture. Let me just say what I think is particularly noteworthy about this combination. Unlike a lot of acquisitions, we are not looking at these two integration phases as some sort of financial loss leaders. We expect the new Reliant Energy to be EBITDA and free cash flow generative to NRG virtually from day one, adding to our firepower to enhance the overall business of NRG and other dimensions. Another aspect of the Reliant acquisition which is exciting to us is the extent to which Reliant and its 1.7 million customers, all of whom reside in a progressive resource-rich energy market like Texas, opens new windows of opportunities for us in mass market alternative energy such as rooftop, solar, distributed generation, smart meters and other efficiency technologies. We are just beginning to evaluate where NRG and Reliant have the greatest combined competitive advantage in this category of opportunities, a category which I call "Distributed Green." I can assure you that we expect to be very active very soon in this regard. One of the reasons we expect to be very active very soon is because we need to be if we wish to capture the opportunity. Distributed Green solutions is what Washington wants above all else, and between the stimulus and the push for federal climate change legislation and/or a federal renewable energy standard, Washington wants it as soon as possible and it intends to provide a very substantial amount of financial support to make it happen. Fortunately for us, the Repowering NRG and econrg initiatives, which we announced and began to pursue in 2006, put us in a relatively strong position to gain federal support for a variety of our projects. Almost every new project we have been investing in either advances sustainability, combats climate change or does both. As depicted on slide 24 we have applications either prepared or submitted for a broad range of first mover technology projects being developed by NRG. Our overriding goal, and you are likely to hear this theme again many times in the future, is to be a first mover in the energy business that climate change and sustainability will create. I can't emphasize enough that this is where we expect the growth to be in our industry, this is where the shareholder vitae will be realized and it will be realized by those who are nimble and proactive in its pursuit. In terms of Washington issues, let us move from the stimulus, which obviously is fact, to the highly uncertain world of prospective legislation. While there has been a lot of focus on climate change legislation, and we at NRG, as a member of the US Climate Action Partnership favor responsible climate change legislation, the most dramatic development in this area in this Congress has been the reemergence of a tough federal renewable energy standard which may be enacted as part of comprehensive climate change legislation or may be enacted on a standalone basis. Federal RES is a policy initiative that is not part of the US cap blueprint, which favors a pure cap-and-trade approach to regulating greenhouse gas emissions. It's too early to tell whether a federal RES will become law. From a public policy perspective, we would prefer to see a federal clean energy standard with the key difference being between a RES and a CES being that clean coal and new nuclear would also qualify under a CES. Our preference, obviously, is logical in terms of clean coal and new nuclear's critical role in combating climate change, but it would also go a long way in reducing the cost and addressing the interregional inequities in wealth transfer that would occur under federal RES between the wind, solar and geothermal-have states and the renewable-have-not states. That leads to our preliminary assessment of the impact of a federal RES on incumbent generators. Our analysis indicates that so long as the transmission exists to wield these new power sources, an influx of new renewable generation on wholesale power pricing is going to be most severe in low growth markets, which have not yet experienced a significant degree of market penetration from wind and other renewables. From our perspective that gives us a high level of concern about MISO and Western PJM as demonstrated on slide 26, which have experienced to-date only one-fourth the level of renewable penetration as we have seen to-date in ERCOT. Of course, this assessment is very preliminary and depends on legislation, regulation, and most importantly, transmission build-out of projects, such as the Green Power Express, which has recently achieved the first step of favorable rate treatment from the FERC. Moving on to slide 27 and climate change legislation itself, it would be foolish for me to comment on the prospects for this major legislation or its content during the period when the bill is being marked up in subcommittee as we speak. One important note is that it seems clearer by the day that if comprehensive climate change legislation is to pass, it has to be a moderate bill that is not punitive in the early years to the coal states or to coal dominated power generators. This leaves NRG in the same position with respect to climate change that we've been in since the beginning. Under a properly structured bill, we will not be negatively impacted financially by climate change legislation until the very end of the next decade. Further, we will only be negatively impacted then to the extent that we fail in our low and no carbon Repowering program, and that we do not intend to do as we've demonstrated by our progress and our value accretive successes today. So, moving to the conclusion on slide 28, sustainability, climate change, competitive access to capital, and by that in this environment I mean access to low cost government supported capital and taking advantage of the benefits of the commodity price cycle to lock-in the input leg of our dark spread. That is how value is created in this market environment. I'm as confident as I've ever been that the type of value creation we have demonstrated with the Reliant Energy transaction and other initiatives is the type of value creation you will continue to see from us as we go forward. With that, we are happy to answer any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question today is coming from the line of Lasan Johong, RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong: If you take a look at page nine of your presentation, it looks like you are taking a little bit of a bet on that for gas prices, at least in 2012 anyway. I'm not objecting to that, I think that's probably not a bad move. If you take that to the logical conclusion, one could suggest that at the bottom of the natural gas pricing formula you might want to monetize some of that $1.6 billion of in the money hedges, and then do a double benefit to shareholders by selling out that hedge and using to pay down debt potentially, and then riding the upside back again on the gas prices. Is this a strategy that you would consider doing?
David Crane: Lasan, it's a strategy that we would consider doing, I guess I would say on the margin. It's a core part of our overall business model to be pretty heavily hedged with our baseload and we like the level of hedges that we have. You are right. We see the dynamic that you are talking about, and we never say never if you're talking about taking off hedges, and then ride it back up. That's something Mauricio and his team consider every day and he is looking at me in a very grouchy fashion. So I will just leave it at that.
Lasan Johong: How concerned are you about the Texas wind situation, since it's starting to have an impact on your numbers?
Bob Flexon: Obviously, for this year you mentioned that over the next couple of years the baseload is pretty well hedged out. So it shouldn't have really much effect on us over the next couple of years, and I guess the wind investment will start slowing down a little bit. So I think as we go forward, the main thing that's really going to drive us is gas prices in Texas. That's really is going to be the thing that moves the needle for us. The discussion we just had with the decline in rig count and what we think will be a falloff in production as well as a recovery of higher gas usage, we would think that prices get strong recovery and that around our baseload is what really drives the needle for us.
David Crane: What Bob is saying and your question is, certainly our theme is renewables are a fact of life. They've been a fact of life in Texas for the last couple of years and I think that's going to spread into all of the markets in the United States. Our approach more generally rather than just be concerned and wring our hands over the renewable penetration, first we want to be a leader in renewables as we start to do. We also are looking at, of course, our gas plants from a firming perspective and making sure that market structures in the markets are properly structured, so that the fossil fuel generation that stands behind renewables is properly compensated. We have a multipart strategy, but I just want to emphasize that we recognize that that is going to be a much bigger part of the mix in all of the markets going forward than it's been in the past. The fact that Texas is first gives us a chance to work out what the optimal portfolio is going forward.
Operator: Our next question will be coming from the line of Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies & Company.
Anthony Crowdell: Just want to go over my understanding of the Annual Shareholder Meeting. I believe the one in 2008 was held like May 13. Is it a requirement that the shareholder meeting be held within 13 months of the previous one?
David Crane: The NRG Board hasn't decided when this year's [shareholders] will be, but it will decide in the next few weeks. I think what the Board is trying to decide is balance between having it as soon as it can obviously, but also having it at a time when the shareholders are as fully informed as is realistically possible with information that's relative to the important decisions that have to be made. As to what exactly is required under Delaware law, my understanding is that the way that the law reads is that if a company does not have an annual shareholder meeting within 13 months, then a shareholder or a director can petition the Delaware court to set a date. There is no affirmative obligation on the board to have it within that time period off the top. You would have to check that with a Delaware lawyer, but that's my understanding.
Operator: Our next question will be coming from the line of Amit Thakar of Deutsche Bank.
Amit Thakar: I had a quick question on some of the credit development. Obviously, we have a little bit more visibility on who is going to be building the projects when the PCC announces at the end of March. I guess we have been hearing anecdotally that some of the priority is going to be given to some of the projects that are going to move load from the West zone to the South zone first, and given some of the initial coal plants that are planned for the South zone and some of the wind in Kennedy County and other coastal regions within the South zone. Have you guys been seeing forwards where we will see the South zone heat rates falling relative to the West zone, and has there been any kind of follow-through in the Eastern zone, which obviously impacts you guys more?
Mauricio Gutierrez: This quarter, as you know, the POCT announced the selection of the transmission service providers. What we are hearing is the transmission providers that were not selected are appealing the POCT orders. So, I think that's going to slow down probably the process. Also, the POCT laid out a more detailed timeline for the completion of these first projects a very aggressive timeline through 2013. The developments on what happens with these transmission providers were not selected. I think they're going to slow down the process. Now, with respect to wind penetration, we are seeing more megawatts in the South (inaudible) and Gulf wind farms along the West and the North zone. There is more wind going into all the regions in Texas. This is primarily affecting some of the hours in the off-peak, but definitely not affecting on-peak heat rates in the Houston zone or displacing gas. Keep in mind that most of the weak prices that we have seen in this first quarter in Texas and across the Eastern Interconnect have been driven primarily by the lower demand quarter-on-quarter, which have been around 3.5 to 5% on a weather normalized basis. So if I have to put an order of what is affecting heat rates, I would say first demand and then wind probably in Texas on some of the off-peak hours.
Operator: Our next question will be coming from the line of Neel Mitra of Simmons & Company.
Neel Mitra: I wanted to understand the earnings profile from South Central, the change between 2008 and 2009. First, you stated that earnings were adversely affected from the lower market prices. I just wanted to know how much of the load is either un-contracted or the pricing on the contract moved with current power prices. Second, from what I understand some of your load contracts began to roll-off in March. I wanted your thoughts on setting new contracts in this low gas price environment.
David Crane: In terms of the results, the main thing on South Central is nothing has changed in the contracts this year. It's just that you have length in the off-peak periods. With merchant prices coming down and you sell that power into the merchant market, so that had an impact in terms of the pricing. The other part of that is the capacity factor year-over-year was down. So that, again, takes megawatts you typically can sell into the merchant market during the periods where you have length. You have less to sell and what you're selling had a lower price. So that was the real driver in terms of what was happening. You also had some power supply that we have in MISO that we bring, and then there was a transmission outage, so we lost a little bit on that as well. So that's really what drove it. Again, we're comparing against the first quarter last year where the South Central organization everything broke the right way and the output from the plant was at record levels and the pricing was strong. So, that's really the main difference when you look at the 2009 results.
Neel Mitra: On the Texas gas plants, I know historically you've guided between $100 million to $250 million with EBITDA. I was just wondering how this year would compare to that with the weak spark spread environment, but also with an offset from Cedar Bayou coming on in June.
David Crane: I was just looking at that this morning and a good portion of our output for this year is hedged. When we take a look at where the gross margin on the gas plant in Texas will come in, we're still in the $100 million to $150 million range for this year all-in with Cedar Bayou.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Leslie Rich, Columbia Management.
Leslie Rich: I wondered if you could walk through the working capital change year-over-year again. Again, you mentioned part of the reason was higher coal inventories. But what were some of the other components?
Bob Flexon: If you go to slide 14, you see the big inflow on the collateral and the big outflow on the working capital. You have to look at those two numbers net. What's creating a lot of noise in the working capital is last year we had those natural gas option trades. We had options and we had some swaps. Basically what happened is that on the collateral side, you have the big source coming in from the swaps where they were out of the money, and then when they settled this year, you had the decrease in the asset. We had kind of an asset of margin paid at the beginning of the year where we had posted collateral. When that position closed out this year that asset goes away. So, that's actually the source you're seeing showing up there. On the other side of it we had options where we had premiums that we had collected. So we were holding money at the end of the year that when the option position settled in the first quarter, we actually got to keep that money. So you actually had something that when you're holding the money, since it's someone else's at that time, it's a liability. When it gets settled, you get the decrease in the liability which is the used which is the big negative that you see there. So that's what is happening in those two line items. You have to look at those things net. If you collapse them down between the options and the swaps, it's a very small number, maybe in the order of magnitude of $30 million or so. Now take that aside and go to some of the other business reasons. Coal inventories are building for two reasons. Strategically, we're actually building the inventory at South Central because we got some outage work that we want to do later in the year where they unload the coal in the river cells. In Texas, we've been building the WA Parish coal inventories as well, and then in the Northeast with the reserve shutdowns that we've been experiencing, they've been building up. So they are really the two main drivers of the changes in the working capital and the collateral. Some of that was understandable. The options is a difficult one to explain, but you have to look at it net and the number is not as big as it shows on these line items.
Leslie Rich: As you look at the change over the past two months and you see 2010 come down, but the backend of the curve go up, to what would you attribute that, and really how much liquidity is out there or are we backing into that number based on the gas price?
David Crane: So the question is if the outer end of that actually being traded or is it more theoretical? Is that the question, is there liquidity out there?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think you pointed out one of the reasons why the market has moved off slightly. Liquidity is very thin on the back years, not only Texas but I would say across the power markets. The other two reasons is, one, I believe it's partly the recognition of a slowdown in absorption of new generation not only on wind but just across the merits of order, natural gas. I would say last is probably just the uncertainty around regulatory legislation, around carbon, climate change, et cetera. So when you combine those three things, I think they're just putting some upward pressure on the curve, but clearly liquidity is one of the factors.
Operator: We will take the last question from Greg Orrill of Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill: If you do have time, I would be interested in the question on the effective tax rate, but otherwise I wanted to reconcile some of the statement on the Reliant retail contribution being 10% of adjusted EBITDA and the idea that if current conditions continue the yearly guidance for EBITDA might have to come down. Is the idea that the Reliant contribution would work up to 10% of EBITDA?
David Crane: Before Bob gives you an accurate answer, first of all I would said approximately 10% may be the closest whole number compared to us adding to head count of a third, so I won't put the 10% in stone.
Bob Flexon: I think when you think of the contribution this year, when we put the guidance out before, again, we were admittedly on the low end. We're closing the transaction a month earlier than what we had previously thought when we had the last call. So the contributions this year will be greater than what we anticipated from Reliant retail. I think any weakness we have during the course of this year on the generation, I think to a large extent would be offset with retail performance and the additional month that we have. So, I'm not going to change the numbers that are out there at this point in time. We will do that in the second quarter. Again, I think the numbers that are out there are conservative.
Gregg Orrill: Your comment would have contemplated the transaction closing.
Bob Flexon: Yes, but it is closing a month earlier than we had previously talked about.
Gregg Orrill: Your comment on the trend in EBITDA?
Bob Flexon: Correct. When we had these options it created unrealized capital gain at the end of the year, which we were able to offset that with capital losses. Now when you go into 2009, you reverse that accrual and it creates a capital loss. We don't have any capital gains to offset that capital loss with, so it spikes the effective tax rate by 19%. Net-net, we are even on a cash basis, but you had a benefit last year that although it did not go through the rate it went through paid in capital, this year it goes through the effective tax rate so it spiked the rate on us. Economically, there's not an impact. Our cash taxes are the same. Our cash tax rate will be about 10%. It's just the way that the accruals and the ETR worked out. So while the effective tax rate is 60%, literally 19% of that is caused by this option transaction.
David Crane: On that note I think we need to conclude. We know other people have calls. We appreciate everyone taking the interest in NRG and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NRG Energy Fourth Quarter and Year End 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today February 12, 2009. At this time, I would like to turn the meeting over to Ms. Nahla Azmy. Please go ahead.
Nahla A. Azmy: Thank you, [Salvi]. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end 2008 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished with the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replaying podcast of the call will be posted on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and question-and-answer session will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow up. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor Statements. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release, regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is February 12, 2009 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by law. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information to most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. In addition, we will be discussing Exelon Corporation’s outstanding exchange offer and the solicitation of proxy for 2009 annual meeting. Today’s discussion does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of proxy of any stockholder of NRG Energy, Inc. nor is it a substitute for the exchange offer documents currently on file with the SEC or the proxy materials to be filed with the SEC. Now, with that I would like to turn it over to David Crane, NRG’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for our year-end 2008 conference call. Today, I am joined by Bob Flexon, our Chief Operating Officer and Clint Freeland, our Chief Financial Officer who will be giving part of presentation. I also have with me Mauricio Gutierrez, who runs our Commercial Operations Group and who will be available to answer questions. And I guess in the sign of the times also by our General Counsel, Drew Murphy, in case we get any legal questions. In a moment, I will be turning the call over to Bob and Clint to review our operational and financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year 2008. As you saw from our release, 2008 was a record year for NRG, which was all the more remarkable given the unprecedented economic turmoil that confronted all of us in the second half of the year. But we recognize that this call must be about much more than our year-end results, however good they might be. This call more plainly than many others must address NRG’s long-term future in light of the Exelon offer, and the other potential alternatives available to us. Since September of 2008, NRG’s management and Board of Directors have expanded in an enormous amount of time, energy and care considering Exelon's unsolicited exchange offer of 0.485. With the February 25th deadline for their second straw poll now looming many of you again will have a chance to consider their offer and undoubtedly again, Exelon will be exhorting you to tender your shares on that date in order to send a message to NRG’s management. Let me explain to you why, come February 25, you should send Exelon a message by not tendering. Bluntly put, the Exelon offers a lowball uncertain and unstable offer for a strong fiscally sound, well-run competitive power generation company that has an extremely bright future with exciting growth opportunities that we have the financial strength to act upon. Moreover, these are growth opportunities, which are unique to NRG and that Exelon simply does not have the capability to realize upon themselves. The great majority of NRG shareholders both those who did tender and those who did not have told us that the current exchange ratio offered by Exelon is unfair to NRG shareholders. It captures a severely disproportionate share of NRG’s value, and of the potential value embedded within the combination of the two companies for Exelon’s shareholders and to the detriment of NRG shareholders. As I have said, the unfairness of the current exchange offer as a matter of fundamental economic value is obvious even to those who tender to Exelon on January 6. But what reasonable shareholders have differed on is the answer to two basic questions. Whether Exelon is capable of offering a materially better price for NRG, and whether they ever would. Let me answer those two questions in order. First is Exelon able to offer a materially better price for NRG. The answer to that question unequivocally is yes. Each year for the past several years NRG management has presented to our Board of Directors, a quantitative analysis of each major utilities, ability to pay for NRG and every year Exelon has been at the top of the list at least among American utilities. That is a major reason why, when John Rowe called me in late September to express his interest in NRG, I met with him just four days later. That meeting proved fairly uneventful, but certainly an impression left with us by Exelon was that they were seeking to do a consensual deal at a reciprocal valuation level that would be fair to both company’s shareholders. Three weeks later, however, when Exelon preemptively launched its hostile bid on a Sunday night at the extreme lowball exchange ratio of 0.485. It was immediately obvious that they had decided to take a very different approach. Taking advantage of the broader marketplace at that time had just been carpet bombed by the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy, the total paralysis of the credit markets and the near-collapse of the global banking system and motivated by the envy, which Exelon looked upon mid Americans bargain basement deal for Constellation. Exelon adopted a course of action that was designed quite simply to steal NRG from its shell-shocked shareholders. But of course NRG was not then and is not now in anything like the position Constellation was in. This is what informed the nature and tone of our response to Exelon in November. Come January, we got the message from our shareholders that they want to see another discussion between Exelon and NRG in the hopes that it would lead to a materially better price. So, I met with John in Washington and he confirmed that even with due diligence, a price increase from Exelon if at all would not, and I repeat the word not be meaningful, and that is what this is about, the price. Everything else is noise, and that is indeed what Exelon strategy is now and we will continue to be to distract NRG’s shareholders. Distract you with red herrings about being denied due diligence, distract you with exotic board packing schemes and distract you with unfounded and factually unsupportable accusations that the NRG Board is not independent and that they in particularly me are entrenched. All this is to distract from the fundamental fact that Exelon’s current offer represent a terrible value proposition to NRG shareholders. So let me demonstrate what I mean, let’s look at the numbers and if you are looking at the slide five. And let’s use as a reference point, the year 2010, not 2008 but 2010. Furthermore, let’s use Exelon’s own numbers, the numbers recently used by Exelon to demonstrate their own shareholders that the consummation of this deal at a 0.485 exchange ratio would result in a 33% free cash flow accretion to Exelon. Exelon’s own calculation shows that a 33% free cash flow accretion to their shareholders is a 49% free cash flow dilution to NRG shareholders. 49% free cash flow dilution in 2010 in dollar terms NRG shareholders stand to receive $1.95 a share as part of Exelon, versus $3.82 a share as a standalone company. That is a very steep penalty for NRG shareholders to pay, but the thing is, as time has passed it has only gotten worse. Based on our updated cash tax forecast as we recently announced, we expect our effective cash tax rate in 2010 to decline significantly. Generating another $150 in free cash flow, which in turn would drive NRG shareholder dilution from the Exelon offer up to 53%. Now, our shareholders are looking at giving up $4.36 share as a standalone company for the opportunity to make $2.05 a share as part of Exelon. Exelon in their investor presentation filed earlier this week, responds to this basic value disequilibrium by pointing out the financial salvation that they hope to receive through the Pennsylvania, PPA roll off currently scheduled for 2011, and to the part of the goal that they would have you believe will be drop into their lap by several climate change legislation. Legislation, which I should point out has yet to be proposed, debated, enacted, signed into law or implemented. So, if you remember one thing about my preliminary remarks here today, remember this. The more value NRG creates today and in the foreseeable future, as we continue to implement our business plan, the more diluted and value destructive the proposed Exelon transaction becomes to you the owners of NRG. Remember this, because we fully intend to be back before you in the weeks and months to come having created more value, value that you can, as I use to say put in the bank. For your part, we understand that many of you tendered Exelon on January 6, because you saw it as a risk-free way to keep the process going. We understand your motivation, with equity returns under extreme pressure, any positive return whatsoever can seem attractive and may seem preferable then no gain at all. We fully understand that. But endorsing Exelon’s current offer at this point may be construed as an affirmation that it implies a fair value for our company’s equity. That simply isn’t so. And the more investors who call back their shares, the more leverage we will have in any further talks, talks which we are perfectly willing to have with Exelon or any other potential acquirer. So to all of our shareholders whichever way you went on January 6, this time reject Exelon’s exchange offer. Demand a fair allocation of the combined company. Send a message to Exelon by not tendering that you want indeed that you insist on a better offer. And with that, I will turn it over to Bob.
Robert Flexon: Good morning. Thank you, David. NRG continued its strong operating and commercial performance throughout the fourth quarter resulting in 2008 being the best and safest year for NRG operations since our beginning in December of 2003. Slide seven, highlights the few of the accomplishments achieved in 2008. NRG’s safety performance continued its positive improvement trend in 2008, as it has for each of the last five years. NRG posted a low 0.84 OSHA recordable rate in 2008, nearly a 50% improvement versus 2007. Our environmental performance, similar to safety improved dramatically over 2007. During 2008, the key environmental performance measures across the fleet improved by 41%. Our Engineering, Procurement and Construction group successfully completed several re-powering and environment projects during 2008, their most recent achievement being the construction of the Huntley baghouses in December 2008 and January 2009. Both baghouses are our operating as designed and meet our New York State environmental requirements. Baghouses for our four units at the Dunkirk facility are under construction, and are expected to be completed later this year. The Cedar Bayou 4 combined cycle re-powering project although not highlighted on the slide is well on track with the completion date currently expected in June 2009. In 2008, coal plant availability and reliability improve significantly across all regions. The average Equivalent Availability Factor or EAF of our coal fleet in 2008 was 91.1%, a 4-percentage point increase over 2007 that resulted in approximately $2 million megawatt hours of additional available generation. Baseload availability was a primary factor behind NRG’s solid financial performance in 2008, as Clint will cover shortly and we will continue driving EAF improvement across the fleet in 2009. Nuclear operations at STP were flawless in 2008 with no forced outages or maintenance outages during the year. In fact, with its latest fall refueling outage STP established a station breaker-to-breaker industry record by completing four consecutive production runs on both units with no interruptions and operations between refueling. This is a first time accomplishment in five decades of commercial nuclear operations in the American nuclear power industry. The last unplanned outages of STP were January 2004 for unit one and February 2005 for unit two. FORNRG 1.0 successfully concluded during the fourth quarter when it exceeded the $250 million pretax income improvement target, one year earlier than originally scheduled. Savings achieved through a combination of reliability, capacity and efficiency improvements at our coal generating assets and cost savings across our corporate and regional groups all contributed to the results. FORNRG 2.0 was launched in January 2009 with the goal of improving NRG’s return on invested capital by 100 basis points by the end of 2012. Projects are underway to improve heat rate and plant availability, increased asset optimization and reduced cost across the company. As we all know, 2008 was extremely volatile year for the NRG commodity markets. Our commercial operations team successfully protected and managed our commercial portfolio contributing to the most profitable year in history. Comm ops added 48 terawatt hours of power hedges during the year primarily in the first half of 2008 when gas and power prices were rising. Slide 8, shows the longer-term view of overall fleet safety and the increased reliability and availability of NRG’s coal assets. Making NRG in an increasingly safer place to work is goal number one, and the five-year trend shows our progress towards achieving that goal. The 2008 number of OSHA recordable incidents fell by 48% to 27% from 52% in 2007. And achieved a recordable rate significantly below OSHA’s average of 3.4 for our industry. This safety performance approached the Edison Electric Institute, safety survey, top decile level for fossil generators. We had 21 injury free facilities in 2008 and five site certified or recertified as OSHA VPP Star Worksites. During 2008, the forced outage rate was at the lowest level in at least the last eight years, with 1.5-percentage point decline in the forced outage rate, compared to 2007 adding approximately 800,000-megawatt hours of recovered generation. Particularly notable improvements occurred at Limestone, Somerset Unit 6 and Huntley. Limestone’s improvement alone accounted for approximately 460,000-megawatt hours of the recovered generation. Limestone established a station generation record in 2008, while Huntley’s combined generation from its two coal units were at their highest level in 10 years. Although EAF will always have a level of natural volatility due to the cycle of planned outages, the trend is clearly higher reliability. Our ultimate goal was to increase our coal EAF to top decile industry wide performance, which for our coal assets would be approximately 92 plus percent. Our hedging decisions are largely driven by our market views. And slide 9 provides an overview of commercial operations hedging activity during 2008 and Houston zone clearing heat rate. Overlaying natural gas price movements on the power and power equivalent hedge activity illustrates the vast majority of hedges added during 2008 occurred during the rise in gas environment in the first half of the year. Clearing heat rates for 2008 peaked during the second quarter entering 2008 our market view supported carrying in open heat rate position and we benefited from that decision during the year. For 2009, we have substantially flattened out our heat rate exposure. Unlike many other power generators, we actively manage and hedge our portfolio to provide a more stable cash flow profile. Demonstrating our commodity price volatility affects the cash flow profile and how hedging is made in the protection of the portfolio, the table at the bottom of the slide is from our 2008 10-K and discloses that the fair value of our hedges increased by over $1.3 billion during 2008. The portfolio hedge profile was shown on slide 10. We enter the year highly hedged for 2009 and 2010 as near-term economic pressures affecting commodity prices and demand warrant close position to minimize down side risk. Our portfolio over the next 12 to 24 months should be very well insulated from the recessionary pressure, while longer term the portfolio was positioned to benefit from an economic recovery, which has the potential to be very short considering the current lack of capital investments and project cancellations that are occurring in the gas and power sectors. Since, our prior quarterly call, the exposure to near term heat rates has been substantially reduced, which is illustrated on the bottom right portion of the slide. Slide 11; provides a summary of how NRG energy plans to meet tightening environmental compliance requirements facing the industry at both federal and state levels. As indicated on the slide NRG utilizes an integrated approach of capital investment, modifying existing operating practices and utilizing emission credits to comply with relevant federal and state requirements. Looking at the three regions with coal generation assets, the environmental compliance situation is as follows. The Texas region previously made significant environmental capital investments to its fleet and its very well controlled including SCRs on all four Houston area units. Future environmental investments for the Texas fleet are relatively insignificant over the next five years. Compliance in the northeast is primarily governed at the state level, the back end control work in Western New York will be completed in 2009 bringing the fleet into compliance with New York state requirements. The majority of the remaining capital spend in the Northeast over the next five years is to meet multi-pollutant requirements at our Indian River site in Delaware. Compliance with RGGI, or the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative will be achieved through participation in options, credit allocations from Delaware and through the emission credit trading markets. Future investment in South Central will further reduce NOx, SO2 and mercury to meet CAIR and mercury MACT requirements. Turning to slide 12, I will finish with a view of trends influencing the power and commodity markets. Beginning with gas production and rig counts, there’s been an approximate 30% reduction in active gas rigs since September 2008. Based on an internal analysis this equates about 4 to 5 Bcf per day of gas production. This reduction along with the cancellation of new projects due to either economic for capital constraints will provide support for the longer term gas prices. Similar dynamics are occurring in power generation, tighter environmental standards resulting in permanent challenges for additional capital expenditure requirements at marginal plans are further constraining supply in addition to the continuing capital market constraints. By near term heat rates are stable, these supply side constraints provide upward pressure on longer-term heat rates, coinciding with the time period in which our portfolio is most opened to heat rates. As such between the strength of our short, medium term based on hedge position, and the capacity we can bring into the market thereafter. I believe we are extremely well positioned to take advantage of the short turnaround. We believe inevitably will follow the current downturn. Now, I will turn it to Clint for the year-end financial review.
Clint Freeland: Thank you, Bob. As we look back at 2008, NRG like most other companies faced unprecedented challenges during the year. However, our steadfast commitment to financial prudence and operational excellence enabled NRG to deliver what many of those other companies happen. Record full year financial results and record liquidity as shown on slide 14. Adjusted EBITDA for 2008 topped $2.29 billion, a $50 million improvement over 2007, which was previously the company’s best year. At the same time, NRG boosted its available liquidity to $3.36 billion, its highest point ever, as cash from operations, asset sale proceeds, and active management of our collateral program drove cash balances higher and freed up significant letter of credit capacity. As we look forward to 2009, we expect financial market and general economic conditions to remain challenging. However, considering our hedge profile that Bob just covered, we are able to maintain our guidance for the year at $2.2 billion for adjusted EBITDA and $1.5 billion for cash from operations. Slide 15, provides both the fourth quarter and annual comparison of 2008 versus 2007. As you can see quarterly adjusted EBITDA was down 20% to $403 million primarily due to several distinct events in our Texas and Northeast regions, which accounted for the bulk of the period's variance. In December 2007, NRG received a $39 million reimbursement of development expenses from our partner in the STP 3, and 4 projects, which positively impacted last year’s results in Texas and led to a negative variance this year. Further, results were negatively impacted in 2008 by two additional planned outages at baseload facilities, as compared to 2007. A 31-day refueling outage at STP Unit 2 resulting in a loss of 431,000 megawatt hours of low cost generation and an additional 21 outage days that our Huntley facility primarily related to baghouse installations on the Unit 67 and 68, resulting in a loss of 191,000 megawatt hours of generation. In addition to these particular events, capacity revenues in the Northeast were down $13 million, compared to last year primarily due to lower in City New York capacity prices and equity earnings were down $12 million due largely to carbon offset costs at our MIBRAG facility, which were not incurred in 2007. For full year 2008 adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.291 billion, the strongest annual results in the five-year history of the new NRG. As can be seen on the slide, the Texas and South Central regions drove the company’s overall performance during the year. In Texas, exceptional baseload plant performance, higher average merchant energy prices particularly during the second quarter and advantages hedge positions came together to drive the region's results for the year, further benefiting consolidated results was our South Central region were average realized merchant prices were at 19%. At the same time that we had an additional 572,000 megawatt hours available for sale in the merchant market due to the higher generation at our Big Cajun II facility and lower load service requirements. Additionally, there was one less outage during the year, which resulted in a $10 million improvement in O&M expenses. Partially offsetting these gains with our Northeast region, where results were negatively impacted by higher fuel costs. Coal and related transportation costs rose $62 million and natural gas expense increased $21 million due to the higher average commodity prices during the year. The coal generation was flat year-over-year, total generation for the region was down 6% mainly driven by the gas fleet. At the corporate level a $32 million reduction in interest income primarily due to lower interest rates on corporate cash balances and an additional write-down of two previously disclosed commercial paper investments, further impacted annual results. Turning to slide 16, NRG generated over $1.4 billion in cash from operations during 2008, and this together with proceeds from the sale of our ITISA asset in the first quarter provided the company with sufficient cash flow to fully fund its 2008 capital allocation initiatives, while simultaneously building its cash balances by almost $350 million. As commodity prices continued to come under pressure during the fourth quarter, we saw an increasing amount of cash collateral being posted to us by our hedging counterparties reaching $760 million by year-end. Given the magnitude of these inflows, we felt it was appropriate to segregate these funds into a separate balance sheet account and included them as part of working capital instead of corporate cash balances. As such, the $417 million in cash collateral outflows shown on this slide represents only cash posted by NRG during the year not net cash collateral movements. After taking into consideration proceeds from asset sales and maintenance CapEx NRG had over $1.5 billion in cash to use for debt repayments, share repurchases and environmental and repowering investments. Of the $595 in repowering investments made during the year, $418 million was used to fund our Elbow Creek, Sherbino I, Cos Cob and Cedar Bayou 4 projects all of which are expected to contribute to the company’s earnings in 2009 and beyond. The $349 million change in cash accounted for over half of the liquidity build in 2008, which is outlined on slide 17. This together with a $300 million increase in letter of credit capacity, primarily due to the return of letters of credit from hedging counterparties migrating from the second lien programs to the first lien structure drove liquidity to an all time high of $3.36 billion. This however, does not include the $760 million deposited with us by our hedging counterparties, which is available for future cash collateral called by those counterparties should commodity prices rebound. Including these deposits, total liquidity available to the company at year-end exceeded $4.1 billion. Complementing this liquidity position is NRG’s long-term low cost corporate debt structure with no corporate maturities before 2013. There is no need to refinance this debt anytime soon, and with the weighted average cost of debt of approximately 6.6%, the cost of our existing financing is significantly below any comparable financings that could be done in today’s market even by an investment grade issuer. For any new growth oriented project level financing, we did not foresee any cost disadvantage as these projects, we continue to pursue such as the peaker projects in Connecticut will tend to be investment grade. Our 2009 adjusted EBITDA; cash flow and capital allocation guidance is outlined on slide 18. Considering our hedge position going into 2009, we are able to maintain our 2009 guidance for adjusted EBITDA at $2.2 billion and cash from operations at $1.5 billion. As previously disclosed, our guidance also includes the benefit of various tax strategies, which we expect will bolster cash flows in 2009 and 2010. While we historically estimated that our cash tax rate in those years would approach 30%, we now expected to be closer to 10%. For the year, we anticipate higher maintenance CapEx than in 2008 mainly attributable to normal planned activities at our baseload facilities in Texas and higher environmental spend as we complete back-end control projects primarily at our Dunkirk plant and initiate back in control work at Indian River. Repowering investments for 2009 include completion of Cedar Bayou 4, initiation of the Connecticut peaker projects with our partner United Illuminating and final payments on one set of GE wind turbines. We will also continue to aggressively pursue the development of STP 3 and 4. However, we expect this to be cash neutral to NRG in 2009 as partner contributions and other financing arrangements fully fund CapEx requirements. During the year, we also ancipitate repaying $426 million in debt, including a $197 million mandatory offer to the term loan B lenders in March, and $143 million to settle the CSF II structure in the fourth quarter this year. Regarding share repurchases, we remain committed to completing the share repurchases for both our 2008 and 2009 capital allocation programs totaling $330 million once we are clear to do so. With the company’s sizable liquidity position and restricted payments basket of approximately $530 million as of the filing of our 10-K. NRG has more than sufficient capacity to execute on these commitments. So as we look forward to the rest of 2009, the prospects for NRG remain solid. The combination of operating excellence, robust liquidity and highly hedged portfolio positions the company to deliver yet another year of strong financial performance. With that, I will turn it back to you David.
David Crane: Thank you, Clint. I am turning to slide 20. Our industry operates, as all of you on the phone know in an environment that is very dynamic and oft changing perhaps more than other sector. As a capital-intensive cyclical commodity driven industry, I’ve always felt that the role of management in this industry is to sift through the haze that obscures visibility at any point in time in order to understand and respond to the tectonic shifts that will shape the industry overtime, and they help to find, which companies by acting forcefully in response in those shifts will put themselves in the best possible position to succeed, and which companies by doing nothing will risk failure. What has changed most obviously since the last time we got together is the prospect of the immediate government involvement in our industry as a result of the economic recession. The way that this will manifest itself in our sector in the near term at the very least, but at almost certainly for the foreseeable future as well, is that the government is going to rely much more on the carrot of the investment tax credits, production tax credits and federal loan guarantees to further its environmental and energy agenda rather than resorting to the stick of federal climate change legislation that would impose a significant cost on carbon emissions, a cost which ultimately would have to born by the hard pressed American consumer. This situation represents a tremendous opportunity for companies, which stand ready with environmentally friendly, shovel ready, energy infrastructure projects. We are in a very strong position today in this regard because we have been developing a wide range of such low and no carbon projects across all of our regions, since we announced our repowering NRG in our echo NRG initiatives back in 2006. Just some of these projects are listed on slide 21. These projects will generate very favorable tax benefits, which we will be able to utilize to turbocharge our cash returns and through access the federal loan guarantees, we will have an effective cost of capital for our growth projects is well below the cost of capital of even single A rated corporate issuers, a cost of capital advantage that will be embedded into our capital structure for years and decades to come. We have from time-to-time been faulted for having such an ambitious and wide-ranging development program. Skeptics have questioned everything from the overall capital commitment to involve to the lead-time required to bring such projects to fruition. We of course are mindful with these issues, and that’s one of the reasons why we have such a robust partnering approach to project development. Working with top quality partners such as those listed on slide 22 on projects, where the partner has a particular contribution to make not only eliminates or at least mitigates project risk to NRG, but through the monetization of NRG site contribution and other development assets that allows NRG to accelerate the cash return on the project to appoint in many cases at or before the commencement of site construction. The most noteworthy example of this development philosophy is our nuclear development partnership with Toshiba Corporation entered into last March. Recall that we sold down 12% of that nuclear development company, which we call NINA and its development interest in STP 3 and 4 in exchange for a cash injection from Toshiba into NINA of $300,000 over the next six years. As shown on slide 23, since that partnership was founded, NINA has achieved success upon success with the STP development. The project has gained momentum as demonstrated by its position in the top tier of new nuclear projects under consideration by the DoE for federal loan guarantees, where we expect the conditional award decision to be made before the end of 2009. NINA also has agreed to a highly attractive and competitive EPC agreement, which we have just concluded with Toshiba and a 500 million non recourse credit facility to NINA also provided by Toshiba, which will enable us to order very long lead-time equipment. And just yesterday, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission published the review calendar for the STP 3 and 4 projects, which is a very meaningful step towards securing our combined operating license in or before 2012. All of these very positive development when taken together put STP 3 and 4 in a very strong position to be one of the first, if not the first new nuclear project in the United States. Based on these positive developments, today we are announcing our intention to sell down a portion of our nuclear development program. As shown on slide 24, a sell down to the right partner or partners will further reduce our equity capital at risk during the development phase. And in most cases depending on the identity of the new partner enhance our access to low cost financing from the U.S. and Japanese Governments, and ideally facilitate partnerships on other advanced nuclear projects and furtherance of both NRG and NINA’s long-term strategy for additional ABWR development. And that brings to my last slide, which is to say that’s clear to me that the United States to make significant headway in the fight against climate change in the years to come, a full-fledged nuclear renaissance must occur in the American power generation sector. And any way you evaluate it that nuclear renaissance will very quickly become a business worth hundreds of billions of dollar. The decision made by the DoE about loan guarantees later in 2009 in all likelihood will decide, which technologies dominate that nuclear renaissance. My personal opinion based on what I know at this point is that, two technologies will emerge preeminent from the DoE decision-making process. One will be the prevalent technology for installation by vertically integrated utilities operating in a rate-based market. The other will be the ABWR design being pioneered by the STP 3 and 4 project, which will become the prevailing technology for new nuclear projects serving the competitive markets. As reflected on slide 25, as the pioneer in this type of technology and merchant market nuclear development, we have intellectual property and development know-how, which by our estimation is worth hundreds of millions of dollars in savings to the sponsors of all future ABWR projects. Our objective now is to stimulate those project developments and assist those projects and their sponsors in a manner, which proves to be a financial win-win for both parties. So, in conclusion to all of our investors on the call, please recognize that while we can’t visit you as often as we would like and as others may. It’s because, we are out there every day executing on our business plan creating value for the shareholders of NRG. And that value is something that you, our shareholders, deserve to have reflected in any offer for your company. Thank you very much, [Salvi] I think we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: Certainly sir. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will be from the John Kiani of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kiani: Good morning
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, John.
John Kiani: It looks like NRG made some positive announcements and continues to make good progress on the development of STP nuclear units 3 and 4 and also heard you make some interesting comments on carbon and the uncertainty in timing surrounding it’s implementation, can you please talk a little bit about the thought process and benefits behind building your nuclear in Texas with this view on CO2?
David Crane: Well, John I would say that the main driver that makes nuclear power in Texas a strong economic proposition is gas prices. It has nothing to do with carbon. I mean obviously the current price of gas right now is nothing that would cause you to build a nuclear power plant, but if you look at the forward curve, if you take a long run view of gas in even in the $6 range but $7, $8, $9. A nuclear plant in Texas makes good money even before you get the carbon. Obviously as a huge baseload generator any sort of carbon-driven uplift in the price of power in Texas, will be a further benefit to the nuclear plant. Let me say, our view on carbon legislation, which has actually being consistent from before the recession to now, is we are supporter of federal carbon legislation like a lot of corporations that support carbon legislation, we have always been concerned that the pace and the style, which it’s implemented in the early years. So nothing I’ve said in my comments indicate that we don't support carbon legislation or we don't believe that the carbon legislation might not be passed in 2009 or 2010. But we think those in Congress who will pass it will be very mindful of particularly the near-term impact. So any carbon legislation will be mild in the early years and have a long runway, in terms of, allocation versus auction.
John Kiani: Okay thanks David.
David Crane: Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Chris Taylor of Evergreen Investments
Chris Taylor: Thanks, can you tell us what your open EBITDA would be, unhedged EBITDA or would have been for 2008 and more importantly what it would be for 2009 in your guidance?
Clint Freeland: Yeah Chris in all honesty given that the commodity prices have reversed the way that they have, we haven’t recalculated an open EBITDA. I think what you are seeing though is that the true value of the hedging program that we have in place, as Bob spoke about in his comments.
Chris Taylor: But what we have in there, in the value of the hedges themselves [Inaudible] we could back that out…
Robert Flexon: Well, the value of the hedges at the end of the year, the fair value was an uplift of $1 billion, but that's over the term of our hedging that goes out to 2014
Unidentified Company Representative: Right, that is a present value of the entire program.
Chris Taylor: How much would the uplift have been in 2008?
Clint Freeland: We may have to get back to you, we don't have that number at our fingertips and we would rather not sort of speculate. So we’ll…
Chris Taylor: For me it's hard to imagine do you have a sense of your underlying profitability…
Robert Flexon: Well to us I mean first of all, our profitability – the hedge is real. We operate on a point of view of cash not theory. And so, we've never been a big fan of open EBITDA as a concept and our hedges are performing, they are producing cash for the company that is cash that we put in the bank that’s why we have $3.4 billion of liquidity $1.5 billion of cash. So, to us that’s the world we live in, is were we focus on cash not theory.
Chris Taylor: Well, but the world we live in true economics of power significantly below the hedged economics. It’s the hedged EBITDA is not a guidance to valuation in today's its not.
Robert Flexon: The only thing I'd add to it, Chris, is just to say that we continually hedge around volatility and that’s our business model. We don’t leave prompt years open. We hedged rolling out five years. So, I wouldn’t say that today’s forward curve is also just an underlying view of the company, because you've got volatility that’s quite. Quite large in this market we will continue to hedge as we go forward and pivot off that volatility.
Chris Taylor: Well, let me ask question in a different way. How many hedges have you put down in the last three or six month, or have you not been putting on hedges…
Clint Freeland: I would only quantify it this way, Chris, I mean we did 48 terawatt hours hedges during 2008 going forward. The vast majority of that called as 41 of that within the first half of the year. In the second half of the year, the hedges that we tended to put on were heat rates flatten out the heat rates position as we went forward. So, there it was more just converting the gas hedges to pure power at that point in time. But we haven’t done anything on the power – nothing significant on the power side, but this is the opportunity, when you are in this market to actually hedge out the coal. So, we been focusing more on the coal side in this environment and we will continue to do so.
Chris Taylor: If the power markets don’t rebound over the next 12 months. Will you start extending your hedging program or will you see hedging electricity price until the power markets rebound?
Clint Freeland: Well, for 2010 we’re pretty well hedged as well. So we’ve got time to decide what we want to do in the out years, and even if you look at 2011 on our hedge profile, it’s pretty well hedged in ‘11 as well so. We’ve got time to make those decisions. So we’re not here going to rush into anything. We’ve got plenty of time to make those decisions.
Chris Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Lasan Johong of RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong: Thank you. Few questions very quickly I will just rattle them off and I will let you take your time answering them. Would you consider an alternative transaction to what Excelon's proposing i.e., would you exchange, for example, STP for all of Exelon's non-nuclear IPP portfolio along with NINA? Second, if you believe in the hedge cheap rate story going forward why you reducing or why you engaging in more heat rate hedges going forward, it seems kind of opposite of your beliefs. And then very quickly on the STP situation last time, you had given some guidance on STP unit cost to build 3 and 4, it was around $3800 KW, wondering if that has changed. And lastly what are your intentions with $1.5 billion in cash, I mean that seems a little excessive in terms of balance on your balance sheet.
David Crane: Well okay, you are really testing the limit of the single question rule. Let’s go…
Lasan Johong: Sorry, about that.
David Crane: No, I’m going to answer questions one and three then Bob is going answer question two. No I'm going to answer the questions one and three then I may give a first part question four and then Clint is going to follow on to that and then Bob you can come back in for question two. So, that’s all clear.
Unidentified Company Representative: [Inaudible]
David Crane: Yeah, You can go and Bob you can go back so, question one would we consider some swap arrangement nuclear for something of Exelon’s. We haven’t look at that in any great detail. We see tremendous value in the nuclear program we think particularly the nuclear development program, its value that only going to increase overtime. Its nuclear is absolutely the key to the decarbonizing of NRG overtime, so it's pretty fundamental to us we ascribe quite a high value to it. And then technically, I have to tell you because of the nature of the partnership arrangement with San Antonio and Austin. It’s very difficult for us to unilaterally sort of carve out the nuclear from NRG it can’t really be done without the consent of the two partners. So, that’s one of the reasons why we haven’t spent a lot of time evaluating, but second to the fact that. We put a lot of value on nuclear. The answer to your third question, you said that our last estimates for STP was $3800 for KW I'm not aware of NINA putting that number out the number I'm remember for NINA is the 3200 for KW number, which is an overnight number without interest during construction. Our view and this number like everyone’s number fluctuates a lots with exchange, with currency fluctuations and the like. But if anything we think that number, which we felt was conservative at the time we gave it. We think its obviously more conservative now that we can comment within that number. But I am not sure we’re ready to put out a new number relative to the $3200 per KW number. In terms of the $1.5 billion of cash, Clint mentioned obviously that we hope at some point to be able to return a portion of that to our shareholders. We obviously have a cash [sweep] on the debt coming. But I can say, this is a target rich environment for companies that have cash in terms of what’s out there and prices at which key things can be obtained.
Lasan Johong: Yes so…
David Crane: And so, we certainly would hope to be able to put some of that money to what we are absolutely convinced, you would find to be very good use. So, Clint do you want to add to that and then Bob, we can come back in for question two.
Clint Freeland: No, David. I would just echo what you just said. I mean right now in these markets, cash is king and liquidity is critical and obviously there are number of opportunities out there, that having that liquidity. Give us the ability to take a look at. But one thing to keep in mind [with honest] just looking at our capital allocation program, we’re in the process probably in the next couple of months of offering almost $200 million to our first lean lenders. We have our CSF II maturity coming out toward the end of the year, that’s $180 million as principle plus accrued interest. And then we also have the share repurchase call it 330 million that we would still like to execute when we’re actually legally able to do that. So between all of those things you are talking about call it $700 million worth of capital allocation exercises that we would like to look at throughout the year. So, what we do have call it $1.5 billion in cash, part of that is we would like to deploy in the capital allocation program to the extent we can. And so it may not be as excessive as you think. Bob.
Robert Flexon: First, on the heat rate question, basically the way we’re approaching the portfolios that during the next 24 months calling it 2009 and 2010, we’re really just trying to make sure, we’ve got the portfolio protected given the economic circumstance that exists. So our heat rates hedges have been focused on certainly for 2009 as you could see the sensitivity on the page 10, points out that it’s just quite low at this point in time, but we are very open on heat rates when you are looking at 2012 and 2013. We’re not looking to do anything at this point in time on 12 and 13. We’ve done a little bit, since the last call on ’11, but remain largely open 11 as well so. We’re still bullish on the back-end of the curve and right now it’s just been more about protecting our cash flows primarily in ‘09 and in 2010.
Lasan Johong: Thank you for your indulgence.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you Lasan.
Robert Flexon: Thank you Lasan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will now come from Neel Mitra of Simmons & Company.
Neel Mitra: Hi, thanks. In regards to the Exelon offer, can you discuss your concerns over Exelon gaining more control on the NRG Board and the implementation risk of trying to restructure or reverse merger or other vehicle in order to not trip your change of control covenants and has Exelon indicated any willingness to increase exchange offer, if they able to avoid triggering change of control on your bonds?
David Crane: Well, I mean in terms of has Exelon indicated any willingness to increase their exchange offer, we are pretty much believe what we’ve heard what they have said in public about their prices, their prices, their price and they’ve hinted at various times that they have one sort of bump in them, but when I have met with John Rowe in January, he made it very clear that bump would not be a meaningful number. And that’s their own words. So, I'm not sure there is anything out there that would prompt Exelon at this point to make a significant increase. But that’s really a question that is better posed for them. On where they stand with their board packing scheme, or whatever you call it, it seems obviously that this change control issue is, it's an important issue. Obviously it seems what Exelon is trying to do with the nature of their board packing scheme is to get effective control of NRG without triggering the legal change of control. But we take the risk that that change of control could be triggered inadvertently, very seriously. What happen, if the board became a 10/9 or 9/8 or something like that, if at any point thereafter an incumbent NRG director resigns, that triggers the change of control. You will see that we have identified that as a risk in our 10-K. So, our Board is looking at that issue but I can't tell you, I mean, all I can tell you is that certainly our board thinks an inadvertent change of control of the company at a time, when the capital markets are still pretty seized up would have the potential to be a very serious value destructive event for our NRG's equity. And so our Board is obviously taking has a concern about that. But no decision has been made.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys you referenced the 10-K filings, just a handful of high level items. You have given '09 CapEx. Any insight you can give on CapEx beyond 2009 and other major cash requirement cash outflows beyond 2009?
Unidentified Company Representative: Clint?
Clint Freeland: Michael I think on the CapEx front beyond 2009 really the CapEx would be more focused toward STP 3 and 4. When you look at what our CapEx requirements are for 2009 mostly when finishing up the Cedar Bayou 4 project. We also have some level CapEx related to GenConn and obviously that would continue into 2009, but that’s probably not a significant amount within the scope of NRG going forward and certainly shouldn't be beyond 2010. As far as environmental CapEx, I think as we go out beyond 2009 for call it 10, 11 and 12 think about environmental CapEx being in the call it $200 to $300 million range each year and then trailing off by 2013. And then beyond that I think those are kind of the major cash requirements for the company.
Michael Lapides: And when you think about the environmental CapEx. What is the discretion in terms of timing meaning when do you have to have kind of back end controls at both Indian River and Big Cajun how much differential is there in the time in the timing requirement.
David Crane: Michael on the environmental CapEx the 2009 we need to be complete up in New York State and that is Dunkirk. So that's for western New York for Indian River we got to be complete by 2012. So, when you see the CapEx spend for environmental in the Northeast when you look at 10 and 11 that's largely in the Indian River related, and then for South Central our CapEx there is more back end loaded more towards the 12 and 13 timeframe, and there we're trying to work that around with what's happening with legislation CAIR and the like so. We're being a little bit more flexible with that one until we understand what rules are out there so we can make sure that we match up with the rules since relying on the federal rules there, as compared to the Northeast where you've got state agreements. So in New York you got a consent decree. In Delaware they have state requirements that we have to comply with so. South Central is the one that is a little bit more variable because the federal rules are not clear on where they are going right now.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay, thank you guys much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. In the interest of time, our last question will be from Jeff Coviello of Duquesne Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Coviello: Hi, good morning guys. How are you?
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey Coviello: I just had two follow-up questions on the heat rate hedging you guys did I presume that took place mostly in ERCOT. I just wanted to check that and I think the way you would do it is just rolling out of the gas hedges into power. And again I wanted to see if that’s logistically how you did it and then detailed question, if you guys seemed to slightly change the equally probable move in heat rate versus the move in gas. I'm just wondering if that was from the variability in heat rate increasing relative to gas over the last few months, that wouldn’t cost?
Unidentified Company Representative: Jeffrey, Mauricio is going to answer those questions for you.
Jeffrey Coviello: Sure. And I guess also [Inaudible] did you do it during the course of the year. Is it mostly on the fourth quarter or?
Unidentified Company Representative: Basically, you see if Mauricio answers that question. Go ahead Mauriciro.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hi, good morning Jeff. With respect to the heat rate hedging that we have gone quarter-on-quarter, it was primarily 2009, 2010. A little bit in 11 we were unfortunately think about it in terms of liquidity and some price or heat rates spikes that we saw particularly in early January, as you say the heat residuals evolving our gas hedges into power. Just to remind you we manage the price risk of our basal portfolio on the natural gas equivalent basis and then on heat rate basis. So, we could just rolling some of those gas hedges into power.
Unidentified Company Representative: And on the probability question, what we do each quarter so we just want to we go back and look historical volatility and just want to ensure that when you look at the probability of the gas change of dollar, we just calibrate that to the same level of probability for heat range change. So, the reason we just change or it is to sync up the two disclosures on the slide.
Jeffrey Coviello: Got it. Okay and that was just - heat rate just got a little bit more volatile and that is what drove the change.
Clint Freeland: That’s right
Jeffrey Coviello: Great. Okay, thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it.
David Crane: Okay, thanks Jeff. I think that concludes this call. We appreciate everyone participating and we appreciate your support and we look forward to talking to you in the weeks to come. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference call for today. Once again thank you for participating. And at this time, we ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have yourselves a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the NRG Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. I would now like to turn the meeting over to Ms. Nahla Azmy. Please proceed, ma'am.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Pamela. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2008 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished with the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replaying podcast of the call will be posted on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor Statements. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is October 30, 2008 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information to most directly comparable GAAP measures and consecutive reconciliation of these figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Finally, before get started, as you probably know on October 19, we received an unprecedented proposal from Exelon Corporation to acquire NRG. We issued a press release the following day confirming the receipt of the proposal stating our Board of Directors will review and determine the appropriate response in due course and advising our stockholders not to take any actions pending that review. Our Board is continuing to review the proposal. With that said, please keep in mind that the purpose of today's call is to discuss our third quarter performance and that we'll not be making any formal remarks nor commenting on any aspects of Exelon's proposal until an official Board response have been issued. We ask that the questions be focused on third quarter performance. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer. David.
David Crane: Thank you Nahla and good morning everyone. Today I am joined here by Bob Flexon, our Chief Operating Officer and Clint Freeland, our Chief Financial Officer and they will both be giving part of today's presentation. Clint will be giving the lion's share of today's presentation. Also with me and available to answer questions here are Mauricio Gutierrez, our Head of Commercial Operations potentially not answering question is Mauricio plus Drew Murphy, our General Counsel. Allow me to get started. Ladies and gentleman in this world and in the marketplace searching for good news we are here today to bring you some. Today we are announcing record safety performance, record operating performance, record achievement by FORNRG which is our internal improvement program and what it all adds up to is record financial performance as manifested in a $100 million increase in full year 2008 EBITDA guidance. And that also translates into record liquidity passing out at over $3 billion. And again Bob is going to talk about how we achieved all this and I really have only one comment that I want to make before I hand it over to Bob and that's this; this is the 20th quarterly earnings call in the history of the new NRG and many of you on the phone have been with us through the whole time. However as a result of the recent acquiring initiatives some of you on the phone may just be getting acquainted with the company. What you need to know is that this company was born at the last down turn in the electric industry back in 2002, 2003. That experience had formed the type company that we set out to be. We sought to build a company that would be both nimble enough to capitalize on the extraordinary attractive value enhancing opportunity that periodically arise in our industry. But also solid enough to withstand the down cycle that can do such damage in an industry which is both capital intensive and multi-commodity price driven to a company that gets it wrong and by getting it wrong I mean either getting your capital structure wrong or your commodity strategy wrong or worse of all both. As a result of who you are and where we came from, over the past five years we have resisted the temptation to over lever our balance sheet as some call upon us to do particularly in the wake of the TXU going private transaction. We've refused many times in fact to chase acquisition at excessive price levels and we have rejected complaints by various observers during the last commodity price up cycle that we should reduce our base load hedging activity and stay open to the market, an arguments that was made to us on the basis that we would not realize the full benefit of the commodity price upswing. Now after a couple of years of relative plenty and by that I mean rising gas pricing, rising heat rates, and cheap capital, we find ourselves in a challenging environment. An environment which is fair to say considerably more challenging than anything that we are or anyone else seems to have ever contemplated. We obviously find the current market environment less attractive than twelve to eighteen months ago, for instance. But it has provided a real life test of the robustness of our business model. It's hard to recall now but fittingly natural gas prices peaked on the last day of the second quarter of this year. So the third quarter has been the first full quarterly test of our robustness, and as such I am extremely gratified by our quarterly results, and the position we find ourselves in going into the balance of the year, from the point of view of full financial performance, liquidity, and operating and commercial performance. This exceptional company performance is the direct result of and attribute to the exceptional professionalism of all NRG operational and commercial personnel, in all functions and in all regions. Now as we all know, one successful quarter and down market does not guarantees future success, but I believe that a vivid real life demonstration of the type of above expectation performance that we have delivered to our shareholders over the past twenty quarters, and the type of performance we will continue to deliver in the future. In my opinion this is what makes NRG a breed apart. Bob?
Robert Flexon: Thank you, David. Beginning on slide 7, I have provided a summary of the primary operational and commercial highlights for both the quarter and year-to-date, and following up on David's opening comments and consistent with the company's overall performance result this quarter and hear from our operations group and our commercial team is also their best ever all around performance since our beginning in December of '03. Our 2008 safety performance improved dramatically from 2007 which had already achieved a performance level significantly better than industry average. Equivalent availability factors or EAF for the coal base flow generation portfolio reached an all time quarterly high at 95.4% bringing the year-to-date EAF up to 91.1%. I also want to take this moment to recognize our world class nuclear operating team at STP. The STP facility which has earned more honors than any other U.S. nuclear power plant has, for the third time received the industry's top honor. On May 7, 2008 STP received the industry's top honor, the B. Ralph Sylvia Best of the Best award. STP is the only received winner of this award. In addition during the past four years, STP's track record of avoiding unplanned shutdowns for two units has allowed us to produce more power than any of the other 32 to reactive plants in the nation. The other highlight I would point out is the continued progress made in achieving our FORNRG $250 million pre-tax income improvement goal. As of September 30, 2008 improvements realized to date combined with our completed initiatives that will benefit the fourth quarter performance will lead to our exceeding the $250 million goal by year end. In a moment I will provide information and target for FORNRG 2.0 which is scheduled to kick off on January 1, 2009. Slide 8 provides a further look at our year-to-date safety performance for coal inventory position at September 30th, and the quarterly and year-to-date generation. In addition to my opening comments on facing our year-to-date performance as benchmarked across fuel generators is just below our performance goal of deciles. Reportable incidents through September 30, was 22 versus 40 during the same period last year, a 45% improvement. While this clearly is exceptional performance we're not stopping here and we'll continue to pursue in accident free environment. Total inventories declined during the quarter to an average of 37 days on hand at September 30th. Declines primarily relates back to the second quarter when lower inventory levels at Big Cajun II and WA Parish facilities resulted from rail and barge disruptions during the quarter in connection with the Midwest floods and high water levels on the Mississippi. And also supply interruptions in September caused Hurricane Gustav. All shipping routes have returned to normal operation and inventory levels are building. The generation decline in Texas and South Central region was largely attributable to the impact of Hurricane Ike in Texas and Gustav in Louisiana during September. Generation from the Taxes gas plants was impacted by low demand resulting from wide stretch transmission outages. The baseload generation in South Central was lower in September, as transmission out of the plant was restricted due to the line outage. The financial impact to the company at both resulted in lost revenues and opportunity cost as well as higher maintenance expenses in the $15 million to $20 million range. Lower generations for the quarter in the North East was a result of declining natural gas prices coupled with higher coal cost, that lead to reduced runtime at our Indian River and Summer Set plants. Slide 9 updates our commodity hedging position. With high levels of commodity price volatility during 2008, there is an opportunity throughout the year to lead significant amount of power and power equivalent hedges dating up to 2013. During the third quarter 18.3 terawatt hours of power hedges were added bringing the total for the year to 53.4 terawatt hours. The addition of these hedges is inline with our hedged fuel position, appropriately locking in gross margins. Additional coal hedges have also been added during the course of 2008 for the forward five year period. The right hand side of the slide provides the gross margin sensitivity the portfolio will have to changes in the natural gas prices. And heat rate on an equal probability basis through 2013, considering 2009 hedge levels this variability of our base load gross margin during 2009 is expected to be limited. In executing our hedging strategy our lean program remains the center piece that allows us to efficiently hedge longer term power and power equivalent positions without the liquidity risk, traditional cash intensive hedging requires. Slide 10 illustrates the hedging capacity under the lean structure which is a function of available capacity rather than a dollar driven limitation. We are lean positioned against the assets for half of the money hedges of September 30, 2008 and October 23, 2008 was approximately $421 million and $187 million respectively. On the right hand side of the slide is our counter party risk grouped by ratings and type of counter party. We manage our credit risk by utilizing a number of different risk mitigation methods, purchase credit limits, netting agreements, collateral of threshold, volume metric limits, and counter party diversification. Counter party interest in participating in our lean structure remains strong and we recently converted a second lean participant to first lean status that resulted in a $75 million letter of credit posting being returned to the company. Slide 11 provides a high level look at the market practice influencing natural gas, heat rates, and their cost and coal. While near-term energy and natural gas prices have been under pressure of late we remain bullish on our longer term outlook for natural gas prices. Active supporting our view include NRG imports to the U.S. have declined significantly in 2008 compared to 2007 and 2006. With global NRG prices significantly above U.S. prices; we don't expect a shift in this trend in the near term. Environmental and permitting trends are driving higher demand for natural gas as an energy source over coal and oil and the supply side is faced with rising exploration, production, and financing cost. Published reports put the margin of cost including capital return for unconventional gas sources in excess of $8 per million DTO. In addition declining natural gas prices coupled with the ongoing seizure of credit markets has resulted in announcements from producer's scaling back capital budgets for 2009 in excess of $6 billion. Many of the unconventional producers are sub-investment grade and rely heavily on capital markets to fund projects. Heat rates in our cost have been under pressure of late due to the combination of new generation and reduced liquidity in the market place. This combined with the current state of the financial market is resulting in the delay for cancellation of new build projects including transmission that otherwise would increase supply. Longer-term and post recession, reserve margins should tighten quickly in a recovering market with the corresponding strengthening of heat rates. PRB as our primary solid fuel source continues to be a significant cost advantage for NRG as compared to the cost of other domestic coals. Performance for our PRB coal and real transportation providers has been excellent during 2008 reflecting the benefits from infrastructure investments made by all parties. Our latest milestone as shown on slide 12 is the achievement of our performance improvement goal originally targeted for December 2009 subsequently accelerated to December 2008 and now virtually locked in at September 30th. FORNRG has improvements in place that bring our total contribution by December 2008 in excess of our $250 million goal. The history of our progress is on the top left side of the slide. While this has been a company wide efforts of contribution from our operations group, corporate, and regional offices and procurement. I finally did feel the operational improvement as example of the accomplishments achieved under the banner FORNRG 1.0. Our drive and determination to improve how we operate has yield valuable learning that will benefit our team for years to come while contributing to the record setting here. What's next with FORNRG is covered on slide 13, we're preparing for the January 1, 2009 launch the goal of FORNRG 2.0. The goal of 2.0 is an increase to our return on invested capital by an incremental 100 basis points over the next 4 years. This equates to approximately a $150 million in higher pre cash flows upon goal achievement. In pursuing this goal, we will use what we learned from our FORNRG 1.0 experience and capitalize on additional opportunities that we make. Our scope will broaden comprehensively address the three primary growth drivers, revenues, expenses and invested capital. Highlighted on the slide are the areas where our initial efforts will be directed. Moving all of our base load planned performance levels to top decile from quartile which FORNRG 1.0 will accomplish will provide roughly one third of the FORNRG 2.0 goal. Finally slide 14, details our operating mission in which we see, our goal of being the premier merchant portfolio operator. Our definition of premier is top decile safety in operating performance Add to that our leading capabilities in commercial operations and risk management and the picture comes into focus why we're able to deliver exceptional performance and record results during such a difficult economic climate. At this time I will turn to Clint for the third quarter financial review.
Clint Freeland: Thank you Bob. At no time during the almost five year history of the new NRG; have we seen our experience to more challenging, operating, and financial environment than during the four month period since the end of the second quarter. Despite financial market dislocations, general economic slowing, and major hurricanes hitting two of our core business regions, NRG steadfast commitment, proven balance sheet management, robust liquidity, risk management, and operational excellence enabled the company to deliver record quarterly adjusted EBITDA, record year-to-date adjusted EBITDA, record earnings and a record level of total liquidity as outlined on slide 16. NRG's previous record quarterly adjusted EBITDA was achieved during the third quarter of last year, but results for this quarter exceeded it by 7% which in turn led to record year-to-date results as well. At the same time, the company's total liquidity rose by $432 million since June 2008 or over 17% as cash from operations and net counter party collateral movement boosted total liquidity to over $3 billion equivalent to almost 50% of NRG's current market capitalization on a fully diluted basis. The exceptional financial performance during the first three quarters has put NRG on track to exceed previously announced adjusted EBITDA guidance of $2.3 billion for the year. Given the significant hedge position and related earnings visibility for the fourth quarter, NRG is raising its full year adjusted EBITDA guidance by $100 million to $2.4 billion. As has been customary for NRG on its third quarter's earnings call, we are also initiating adjusted EBITDA guidance for 2009 today at $2.2 billion. While this is lower than what we ultimately anticipate for 2008, it is flat to our initial guidance provided to investors this time last year for full year 2008. Additionally, today we are providing an outline of NRG's 2009 capital allocation plan which is highlighted by further debt reduction, lower re-powering investments in 2008, and continued return of capital to shareholders which at this time is targeted at $300 million. So, the story for this quarter is simple, NRG's unwavering commitment to prudent capital management, proactive hedging, and safe and reliable planned performance demonstrated its value this quarter enabling NRG to deliver record performance even in the midst of dramatic financial market disruptions and economic deteriorations. Moving to slide 17, adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter totaled $758 million, a 7% increase over 2007 record quarter, primarily due to improved results in the company's Texas region. Despite flat base load and lower gas plant generation, energy margins in Texas actually rose by $52 million as the company's hedged base load power prices in 2008 were higher than prices realized the previous year which included lower price legacy power contract inherited in the Texas Genco transaction that was not reset in 2006. Capitalizing STP 3 and 4 costs in 2008 versus expensing them in 2007 resulted in a $35 million reduction in regional development expense during the quarter and this offset somewhat by higher O&M expenses accounted for the balance of the quarter-over-quarter improvement. Despite being hit by Hurricane Gustav in September and seeing meaningful transmission disruptions as a result, NRG's South Central region recorded a $4 million increase in adjusted EBITDA from $42 million in 2007 to $46 million in 2008. An increase in the value of power contracts in the region more than offset lower Big Cajun II generation, resulting from transmission constraints after the hurricane which limited the amount of power the facility could deliver to the grid. Adjusted EBITDA for NRG's Northeast region decreased $11 million quarter-over-quarter from $204 million in 2007 to $193 million in 2008. Lower base load generation at Indian River and Somerset, reduced gas plant generation across the fleet, lower contract margins, and weaker capacity revenues during the period more than offset the benefit of higher emission sales and operating cost reductions. The $25 million unfavorable variance illustrated in the corporate column of this slide is mainly comprised of a $19 million write down of two previously disclosed commercial paper investments which became distressed last year, one of which was restructured during the most recent quarter. Before turning to the year-to-date results, you may recall that the company reported a $713 million mark-to-market loss during the first half of the year as the sharp run up in natural gas prices adversely impacted the value of certain positions in our hedging program. As shown on this slide, that mark-to-market loss more than reversed in the third quarter as natural gas prices retreated, leading to an $826 million mark-to-market gain. For further detail on the various components of these gains we have included a slide in the appendix of this presentation for your reference. Slide 18 reflects NRG's year-to-date performance. In each of the first three quarters of the year, NRG reported year-over-year increases in adjusted EBITDA resulting in a record year-to-date total of $1.966 billion up 13% over 2007. While each of the company's regions stepped up and made a disproportionate contribution at different times throughout the year, the primary driver of this improvement is NRG's Texas region where adjusted EBITDA increased $261 million over the previous year. While flat during the first quarter, the Texas region outperformed 2007 during the second and third quarters, as exceptional base load plant performance, higher realized merchant energy prices, and advantages hedge positions came together to drive the region's results for the year. The region also benefited from $22 million in emission sales in 2008 while development expenses decreased by $81 million as STP 3 and 4 costs were capitalized during 2008 instead of being expensed in 2007. Slide 19 shows NRG's cash flow generation during the first nine months of 2008. Cash flow from operations increased $65 million from $976 million in the first nine months of 2007 to $1.041 billion for the first nine months of 2008. But if we net out the impact of cash collateral movement to see the true cash generation of the business, cash from operations rose 26% from $1.083 billion to $1.361 billion. Virtually all of these year-over-year increase in cash from operations excluding collateral can be attributable to strong adjusted EBITDA results and improved working capital levels. NRG's free cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2008 was $384 million compared to $626 million in 2007 as both environmental and re-powering investments accelerated. The year-over-year increase in environmental CapEx is related to the back end control projects that are at Huntley and Dunkirk locations while the re-powering investments will primarily focus on wind developments including Shelbina I and Elbow Creek wind farms in Texas, Cedar Bayou 4 combined cycle gas plant outside of Houston, and a Cos Cob peaking facility in Connecticut. Re-powering investments also includes continued investment in the STP 3 and 4 initiative which is recorded net of the $50 million contribution received from our partner, Toshiba. Moving to slide 20, NRG's robust and diverse liquidity program remains a differentiating factor for the company. NRG is in an enviable position of having the liquidity and cash generation profile to be self funding and therefore self sufficient enabling the company to continue executing its strategic plan, during this period of financial market disruption. As outlined here, total liquidity at the end of the third quarter stood right over $3 billion, up $432 million since June 30th. This increase was attributable to a $222 million increase in cash balances resulting from strong cash flow from operations and a $207 million increase in letter of credit capacity resulting from the return of LCs previously posted in support of commercial operations activity. As I mentioned earlier, NRG continues to perform exceptionally well through the third quarter and this together with the earnings visibility associated with our hedge position for the rest of the year enables us to increase our 2008 guidance by $100 million to $2.4 billion as outlined on slide 21. Despite this improvement in adjusted EBITDA, cash flow from operations is expected to remain virtually flat as higher cash collateral requirements for the year offset the benefit of higher earnings. I would note however, that as commodity prices continue to weaken, this net collateral out flow may diminish which would in turn benefit cash flow. Projected cash flow from operations exclusive of collateral movements increased by $114 million from our previous guidance. We expect higher interest expense for 2008 as a result of the $45 million CSF1 call option settlement during the quarter and anticipate higher cash taxes resulting from increased earnings. The impact of these items to cash flow from operations should be minimal though due to offsetting improvements in working capital. While projected cash flow from recurring operations remains virtually unchanged. We expect our free cash flow to increase approximately $82 million due to reductions in our re-powering investments primarily related to delays in our... project. So, as we look out to rest of the year, we expect to see continued strong free cash flow from recurring operations before environmental and re-powering CapEx. And at yesterdays closing share price of recurring free cash flow yield of approximately 24%. As we move towards 2009, we have updated our forecast and the results are outlined on slide 22. Our initial adjusted EBITDA guidance for next year is $2.2 billion which is lower than expectations for full year 2008, primarily due to four factors, our expectations of less volatile natural gas and power prices, incremental cost related to REGE compliance in the Northeast, lower emission credit sales, and weaker New York capacity prices. As we've previously disclosed, NRG's cash tax rate is anticipated to rise to approximately 30% of forecasted pre-tax income. Net of available tax loss carry forwards which accounts for the meaningful increase in expected cash taxes for the year. These factors combined with slightly higher cash interest expense associated with the repayment of the CSF2 financing result in cash flow from operations guidance of $1.3 billion. Given the volatility that we've seen this year, in tax collateral postings, we've decided to remove collateral movements from our cash flow guidance and instead focus on the underlined cash flow generation of the business absent the cash flow timing impacts of margin fluctuation. Free cash flow from recurring operations after $255 million in maintenance CapEx and $33 million in preferred dividend remained strong at $1.012 billion and will provide the company with the capital to internally fund $256 million in environmental CapEx, primarily the completion of backend control project that Humly [ph] and Dunkirk and increased backend spending at Indian River. Environmental capital projections may vary in response to changes in clear litigation or other legislative actions. The free cash flow from recurring operation will also fund NRG's $118 million in re-powering investments, net of partner contributions, anticipated construction financing, and equity sell downs. Re-powering investments include completion of Cedar Bayou, initiation of the Connecticut... projects with our partner United Illuminating and final payments on one set of GE wind turbines. Our forecast assumes that continued investment in STP 3 and 4 nuclear project will be managed on a cash neutral basis to NRG. This re-powering investment forecast includes only those projects that the company is currently committed to. Any other investments are considered discretionary at this point given the current state of the capital markets and will be carefully considered before adding them to the capital budget. As slide 23 outlines, the robust cash flow generation of the company coupled with the proceeds from the sale of our ITISA asset earlier this year has enabled NRG to achieve record levels of liquidity while remaining on track with its capital allocation program. In addition to the CapEx investments I spoke of a moment ago, NRG remained balanced in its approach to returning capital to investors, returning $202 million to debt holders in 2008 and $217 million to shareholders, as part of it $300 repurchase commitment. Additionally NRG settled the call options related to the CSF 1 financing during the third quarter for a total of $45 million. As we look forward to the rest of 2008; we intent to complete our capital allocation plan for the year with an additional $30 million in share repurchases, assuming we have an open window before year end. As we look forward to 2009, we intend to pursue the investments in our existing fleets and re-powering initiatives that I outlined a moment ago. We also anticipate further de-levering of the balance sheet in the first quarter of 2009, as we offer our personal lean lenders as required under our existing credit agreement, 50% of the excess cash flow generated by the company during 2008. Given the current trading level of that debt we expect lenders to accept the entire amount which will be determined when we close the books for 2008. Historically, when sizing our annual share repurchase programs we've targeted 3% of the market capitalization of the company which equated to approximately $250 million $300 million. Given the significant decline in the company's share price recently however, the 3% target would be closer to $150 million. Considering our current level of liquidity, projected cash flow in 2009 and compelling share price though, we intend to again target at least a $300 million buyback or 6% of current market cap in 2009. We do however want to remind everyone that the commitment we have made is 3% and as such reserve the rights to return to the 3% target for periods beyond next year. So, as we look forward to the remaining months of 2008 and full year 2009, the prospects for NRG remains solid. While we expect financial market and general economic conditions to remain challenging for the foreseeable future, the company's relentless focus on prudent balance sheet management, robust liquidity, strategic hedging, and operational excellence has positioned the company to deliver outstanding 2008 results and a solid 2009. With that I'll turn it back to you David.
David Crane: Thank you Clint. And just as we finish the final pages of the slide there can particularly slide 25 it goes back to the theme that I started which was the theme of differentiation. I think this slide provides a fairly detailed review of what we believe differentiates us from other companies and I think this, together with our track record is demonstrated by this exceptional third quarter and year-to-date performance. When we put those two together, it'd all add up to quite simply and to coin a phrase is that NRG is the best investment available in power industry. With that before we open it for questions, I think Nahla has one more thing to say and then we will answer your questions.
Nahla Azmy: Once again, thank you for joining us on our call. I would like to remind you that the purpose of today's is to talk about our financial results for the third quarter of 2008 and to provide you with an update on our business and we ask that you keep questions focused on these results. We will not be taking questions on the Exelon proposal. In the interest of time we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow up. With that Pamela, we are ready to open up the line for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Nitin Dahiya of Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nitin Dahiya: Good morning.
David Crane: Good morning.
Nitin Dahiya: Clint, from a GAAP structure point of view, I mean obviously you have pretty moderate leverage and very solid liquidity which is great in this environment, but as you mentioned the market is pretty tough, could you share your updated thoughts on what your ideal GAAP structure looks like in terms of leverage and minimum desired liquidity and how that relates to any distressed opportunities that might come your way in terms of acquisitions?
Clint Freeland: Sure Nitin, I think at this point I don't know that we really view our optimal capital structure any differently than how we've expressed it in the past. We have maintained target net debt to cap ranges of say 45% to 60%. Obviously we're around the 50% level now, so we're very happy with that. On a debt to EBITDA basis, we looked at target around 3.5 times, maybe a little bit lower and that gives us optimal pricing on our first lane structure. So I think at this point we're happy with our capital structure targets. On the liquidity front, I think one of the things we have always said is that we believe for this business given the capital intensity and given the collateral requirements that we have here, there are optimal liquidity and we tend to focus on cash balances. It is somewhere between $500 million and a $1 billion in cash on hand. I would say that in the current environment though, I would say that I would tend to prefer to be on the upper end of that, which obviously we're very comfortably within this point frankly a little bit over.
Nitin Dahiya: And at this time in terms of any acquisition opportunities?
Clint Freeland: Well, acquisition... the present market environment in terms of the cost of debt is obviously one that's a factor in any acquisition out there. I think... presuming that you're talking about acquisition opportunities in the independent power space, I believe that every company but one has changed its control clauses that would require their debt to be refinanced and that's an expensive proposition that you have to take into account in M&A activity.
Nitin Dahiya: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. John Kiani of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
John Kiani: Good morning
David Crane: Good morning John.
John Kiani: I wanted to ask a question on the 2009 guidance you provided of $2.2 billion, can you give some additional color on the level of conservatism you used in driving that number, is that number a worst case scenario, is it more of a base case, how should we think about, what you used in driving that number?
David Crane: Sure, John. I guess, I would note a couple of things, but first of all as I mentioned just a moment ago the 2Q is consistent with what we guided too for 2008 and so.
John Kiani: Understood.
David Crane: We're having a terrific 2008. So, I wouldn't view it as say a capital or whatever. But the way that I think about the assumptions that are going into our guidance are really in two buckets, one is when we look out for 2009 relative to 2008 we are going to have additional REGE compliance cost in the Northeast. We are also seen weaker emission prices so our expectations for lower emission sales in 2009. We also see weakening New York capacity prices that also put some additional pressure versus 2008 and we do have some incremental planned outages next year and that's not a big number year-to-year but it is a number and when you start to add up those items that begin to add up. But I would also say that another thing we have to take into consideration is that we got 10,000 MW of gas plants mostly peakers and those facilities tend to do very well in times of high volatility gas power prices which frankly we saw in 2008. So, as we look to our 2009 and guidance for 2009, I think there is a level of conservatism in the amount of volatility that will see in gas and power prices going forward.
John Kiani: And generally speaking how much of the gas assets contributed, what are they contributing in '08. I know that second quarter was obviously exceptionally strong because of the heat rate position of the company and the gas assets. But in general what are they contributing in 07 and perhaps in '08 as well, can you give us some color on that?
Clint Freeland: John, I don't know that we have actually been specific on the individual pieces of our fleet, so I'm not really sure that I can give you a specific number range.
John Kiani: Okay and then just follow up question on development cost. Can you talk a little bit about how much development expense we see in either G&A or O&M on at least a near term basis? And then how much development expense is capitalized as well?
Clint Freeland: Yeah, I think John, when we look to 2008 and 2009, our development expenses are pretty flat, call it around $50 million. And really half of that or about half is actually very similar to G&A. We have certain teams like our EPC team, our wind team, but we have some teams in our region. And those expenses are included in development. So, I think just as proxy for 2008, 2009 call it somewhere in the neighborhood of $50 million about half of that is related to labor.
John Kiani: And that's in EBITDA?
Clint Freeland: Yes.
John Kiani: And then what about from capital perspective, what's capitalized?
Clint Freeland: Well, the only portion that we are capitalizing on... I guess what you would think of as development expenses are cost related to or some of the G&A related to our STP 3 and 4 development. The rest of it I guess would be related to project cost on projects that are already in process.
John Kiani: Okay, did you have a ballpark dollar amount for that or --?
Clint Freeland: I don't at this time, John we will get back to you on that.
John Kiani: Okay, thanks Clint.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Cotto of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Just two questions, I think previously you guys had given an open EBITDA slide base on the forward commodity curve. I didn't see in the presentation that if you had it? Second, in all the quarters, you've given a Houston zone to Henry Hub clearing heat rate and you have a graph of where they are. If you don't have the graph do you have the numbers of where the current heat rates are in the Houston zone?
Clint Freeland: Yes Anthony. Do you want the specific number for 2009 and 2010 or actual clearing heat rates?
Unidentified Analyst: Actual clearing heat rates will be great.
Clint Freeland: Okay. For 2008 and this is normalized to Henry Hub I will give you around the clock heat rates.
Unidentified Analyst: Great.
David Crane: So, for July we saw in 807 [ph] heat rate, August 964, and September 571. Keep in mind that September has been effected by hike and the lack of call load. So, you know you are going to have some normalized number for normal weather conditions.
Unidentified Analyst: Again, this is Houston zone to Henry Hub around the clock.
David Crane: And Clint is going to answer your question about the market EBITDA volume.
Clint Freeland: Yes Anthony, we provided the open EBITDA analysis in the first quarter, particularly at mid year because gas prices and commodity prices were so out of lag or so high relative to where our hedges were that it actually became a very meaningful analysis. Now that commodity prices have come back and you can see that in the kind of net derivative positions that we have on the balance sheet, you can see that our mark-to-market has completely reversed into second quarter, I think a lot of our positions are now, more in line with the market. And so, we haven't included an analysis of open EBITDA because we really didn't think that it was meaningfully different and than what results and forecast would show.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elizabeth Parrella of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Parrella: Thank you. Clint you mentioned several factors that are weighing on the 2009 outlook and there is also the positives on the projects coming on. Can you give us some ballpark sense of how much each of those is worth in terms of the impact negative positive on the 09 EBITDA?
Clint Freeland: I think Elizabeth, when I think about the REGE compliance emission sales, Northeast capacity prices, and planned outage schedules, you might think on the order of I don't know maybe $75 million to $100 million all totaled. Now there are certain assumptions around all those but I think that's kind of ballpark. I think historically the estimate that has been out there for NRG's gas plants EBITDA has been somewhere on the order of 150. I think that's kind of the number that's been used out there before. So, I think kind of taking those two together would probably get you in the ball park of what we are talking about. Then you have like you said some uplift from safety to value coming online and Elbow Creek coming online and so, that I think would get you in the ball park of kind of where we are.
Elizabeth Parrella: And it sounds like you're assuming a much lower EBITDA in the gas plants in 09 than what you have experienced in 08?
Clint Freeland: I think we're just being very conservative. I mean, given the level of volatility that we have seen in 2008, I certainly wouldn't want to guide to that similar level of volatility in 2009.
Elizabeth Parrella: Fair enough. On the retailing CapEx for '09, I think it was $118 million on a net basis. I think you said there is some offsets in there and some project financing go down, partner contributions etcetera? Given the capital market situation, could you talk to that on a growth basis, what are the bigger key that are getting the number down to 118?
Clint Freeland: Sure, first of all one of the meaningful assumptions here and just how we anticipate running our business around the investment is that STP 3 and 4, will be run on a cash neutral basis. Right, so there is no meaningful impact on the cash side of our guidance related to that. So, taking that aside there really are just a handful of projects, now given that we will finish up with Elbow Creek at the end of this year that going into 2009 we have Cedar Bayou 4 which we will complete by mid-year. We have a 50-50 partnership on that. So, I think the partner contributions really relate to that investment. On UI, we obviously have a partner there as well. But we also anticipate given that this is a close by regulated 30 year PPA contracts that the due diligence that we have done to date and the financing sources that we talked to you today, we believe that even in the current environment, that reasonable financing will be available for that. And then, finally the set of turbines that we have on order that was making final payments on in 2009, that's just... there is no financing associated with that. So, I think when total all of those projects up that's where we come out with net of about $118 million for the year.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay, and then, just one follow-up question on cycle, you mentioned that, in terms of $e30 million remaining that you look to complete this year, that is with respect to the 08 capital plan, assuming that there is a window. Can we assume that the window is closed as long as the board is reviewing the Exelon offer and somewhat related question, anything to stop you from getting a. head start on the 09 program given the size of your key basket at the end of December?
David Crane: Why don't we ask Drew to give you the official response on that.
Drew Murphy: During the pendency of the Exelon offer while the Board is reviewing it, we would not anticipate being in the market for a share buyback.
David Crane: And Elizabeth, to the second part of your question, there's nothing that would preclude us, assuming that we had an open period, there's nothing that would preclude us from beginning the 2009 capital allocation plan before year end.
Elizabeth Parrella: One last question. I apologize. Clint, what is the RP capacity under the bank deal at the end of the quarter?
Clint Freeland: It's still a 1.10 billion and the reason for that is that it is actually calculated once a year although we have the option of doing it intra year, we just haven't exercised that option. So, as it stands right now it's a little bit over $1 billion.
Elizabeth Parrella: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Dan Eggers: Good morning.
Clint Freeland: Good morning Dan.
Dan Eggers: On the positive outlook for natural gas, particularly from these levels, and you have made that strong argument for that, can you just give a little thought on looking at the ledges where you guys had them today, the potential and I know you want to keep visibility with this, but opportunity to maybe unwind some of those hedges and ideally reset them at a higher gas price environment?
Clint Freeland: Dan, that was little bit difficult for us to hear you but, we did hear the word where you asked us whether we be interested in unwinding our hedges and I can show you without even turning it over to Mauricio. We absolutely is not going to answer that question. So if there was second part of your question, we will be happy to answer that or you have got a freebie if you want to ask another one.
Dan Eggers: That was the bulk of what I was trying to get at whether you were looking at a hedge reset at this point in time. But since I have got a freebie, can you just walk through the thought process right now as you guys are evaluating future projects in re-powering NRG as far as how you're thinking about the cost of capital and the needed returns on those projects to date versus what we've saw in the past? And how do you think about prioritizing use of cash particularly as we are still facing some limitations on the RP basket?
David Crane: Dan, there are couple of things because it's very good question obviously and while in the current environment we've taken long hard look at the re-powering program. As Clint, has mentioned one definitely trend is that to the extent that we already had a heavy bias towards project with long-term of take agreements with load serving entities, that bias is even far more pronounced now. So, we're definitely not cutting out deals like the one that we just won in Connecticut, where Connecticut lines power will off take a 30 year... 30 year off take basically a cost of service, recovery basis. So, we will continue with that and certainly anything that would just where we might have considered with the small to medium size projects in the past getting started on the balance sheet, that's just not going to happen. And we basically show while we kill that idea, choke off funding to that. We would like to continue and as Clint mentioned have budgeted approximately $50 million for 2009 to continue with a wide range of developments around the industry, around the country, and various different technologies because certainly one of the things that happened because of this financial crisis is its obviously killed off and will be killing off any supply side response what was a tightening reserve margin in the past. There is going to come a time when this situation recovers; where there is going to be even more immediate need for extra capacity and we want a position this company so we are ready to spring at that time. And the amount of money that is spend in terms of true development, were as long as you are not putting metal on the ground it is very much money well spent. Getting prepared for that what will be a sudden turnaround. The final point which is one that has been much discussed internally is in this new environment what are we looking for in terms of hurdle rates, cost of capital, and the like. And in general terms, I don't know if Clint wants to be more specific to this, we have absolutely clearly increased our hurdle rate in terms of any types of new investment. Have we actually ratcheted up to what it would actually cost right now on this day in October 2008 for this company to go out and raise capital? I think it is fair to say that when we think of the projects that would return money over the next 10, 20, or 30 years we're assuming some degree of normalization because if we actually looked at our true cost of capital right now for new money would be so high that... that you just wouldn't do anything.
Dan Eggers: I guess is that item... Clint, how much CapEx of projects under construction right now will need to be spend beyond 2009, the kind of the growth CapEx and the '09 budget, how much more are we getting to spend to get those projects in service?
Clint Freeland: Yes, I think the only projects would be UI. Excuse me, I am sorry. The peaker projects in Connecticut, in 2009 we have budgeted I think on an equity basis about $7 million to $10 million in equity contributions, you probably have another $40 million beyond that.
Dan Eggers: Okay, thank you very much guys.
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the office of Lasan Johong of RBC Capital Market. Please proceed.
Lasan Johong: Thank you, good morning. Quick question on your 09 fuel position of base load, it's 104% of expected production. I'm wondering what you're going to do with that excess 4%, are you estimating or thinking to maybe sell off that potential base load or is that a strategic initiative to may take advantage of lower fuel prices, could you kind of give us little more color on them?
Clint Freeland: Well, I think the way look at it is just building inventory at certain locations. So it is just more managing our inventory levels to where we want them. So it was just with an intention to build in certain locations.
Lasan Johong: That's a physical accumulation of cost not financial contract.
Clint Freeland: Yes.
Lasan Johong: Okay, good. The other question, real quick was in the current environment where lot of the financial players are kind of dropping off the wage there in terms of hedging activities, are you seeing any increased spread due to counter party risk clash liquidity issues?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Lasan, this is Mauricio. Well, I mean we have kind of been in the market looking at these hedges. So the visibility that we have on actual expectation I can talk about it. What we have seen is an increase in credit cost and just in general transaction cost. I think in this environment the standard parties are increasing there with premiums to where the risk that we want to offload from our books. In the short term I am going to say,... 18 months. We have seen decreased liquidity but nonetheless the markets have not completely gone away. And we've been able to optimize our portfolio.
Lasan Johong: I appreciate it, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the office of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, congrats on a great quarter. Capacity market questions. First, can you just kind of give your view on what you see short term meaning 2009 from the New York capacity markets and then long term? And then second, can you talk about the perk decision that is weak on Iceland, New England and how it's going to compensate some of the existing generators. I remember that in the first round of FCM you had one or two assets that a lot of questions came up regarding how to be treated in that FCM versus RMR?
David Crane: Well, Mauricio, you want to?
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, Michael maybe I guess Clint, already talked about our expectations for New York, I think that's reflected on the guidance that we're providing today. We expect to see some pressure on New York giving the mitigation procedure or methodology that working specific earlier on this year. So, I would say that like with any other of our commodities we actively managed the risk. We are somewhat sketched in 2009 in New York City and somewhat in rest of the states. So, that should mitigate some of the downward pressure that we are seeing in New York City.
Michael Lapides: Okay, can you address the New England capacity market issues at the FERC, that the FERC addressed this week?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, right now, we have a... as you know, we're in a transition payment period through 2010. After that, FCM kicks in. I will have to get back to you on specifically what will be the impact on the FERC order.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Great. I would be happy to set up a time off-line. Appreciate it, guys.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Annie Tsao of AllianceBernstein. Please proceed now.
Annie Tsao: Good morning. My question has to do with your CapEx program on slide 30. If the financial crisis continue how should we think about your 09 CapEx in terms of would you delay some of the CapEx that you have here, because I notice from the second quarter of your CapEx, you lay out the total is about $1 billion in 08. Now, you have I think it is about 9% decline in the re-powering NRG program that you're trying to cut. So, if the prices continue, would you be decreasing your re-powering program or you'll be delaying other programs?
David Crane: I think that what you're seeing in terms of the re-powering program is a slimmed down version in response to the current situation. I don't think that continuation of the crisis at the current level would change that in any significant way. In terms of the overall capital spend particularly in this environment could really at all time that NRG it is pretty much Annie, a continuous process. We are reviewing all capital spending and going what is necessary to obviously to be in environment compliance and to maintain the plants in a way that they can produce the type of operating performance that we have produced this year. So, I think I will welcome Clint or Bob to jointly say that we don't see much room to reduce the CapEx below the level that we are showing here.
Robert Flexon: Yeah, I think when you look at the project particularly environmental and will make all of them a profit category, maintenance is environmentally tolerant, these are projects that are underway so you wouldn't stop or slowdown particularly the environmental which has got content degree that you are working to meet these things are all under construction unless there is a new project that comes forward that has a return profile that is very compelling. What you are seeing here is just a completion of what's been started.
Annie Tsao: And then finally you raise $100 million for 08 EBITDA. What are the drivers to that 100 million?
Clint Freeland: Annie, I think the way to think about it is that the third quarter of the year is an all-time record for NRG and the second quarter before that is the third best quarter of the new NRG. And I think just when you take those together it is just terrific performance better than forecasted. And so when you project out through the end of the year we just think that we will end up with a better year than our mid-year forecast.
Robert Flexon: And Annie I will just add little more color, I would say that also just kind availability being higher and the liability being higher you are getting more opportunities for generation when you need it. And then also as we went into the year, we left a little bit of length on our heat rate position just for peak periods during the summer months which was the right way to go in to the year which were different from the prior year, but was also a good contributor.
Annie Tsao: Thank you.
Clint Freeland: Thank you, Annie. Pamela I think we've gone past the ten o'clock hour, I know many of the people on the call are trying to cover other things today. So, I think we should take one more call then wrap it up.
Operator: Absolutely, sir, thank you. And the final question comes from Neil Mitra [ph] of Simmons. Please proceed sir.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. You talked about the increase of challenges of building transmission capacity, can you provide any insight as to how you view the restrictive credit environment impacting announced project within our cost. Specifically on proposed combined cycle in the South and Eastern zones and maybe in the West, for example what chance does announced win project have to coming to online in today's credit markets, but it hasn't already secured our PPA or long-term hedge?
David Crane: Well, thanks. I'll say a few things and of course one of the greatest things that makes the market place is that people are different. But from my point of view the idea that anyone would start a combined cycle plant in Texas, right now are really, it is hard for me to imagine anywhere in the country, where you would start doing a combined cycle plan, into a merchant environment in the current commodity price environment and the current capital cost environment. I think it's choked off total. It is just a question of how far you would be along, if were to always start before you stop. So, we think to the extent that there were a lot of combined cycles plans started, if those people are going forward they have got a very different view from us certainly to the extent that we were looking at building additional combined cycle plants in Texas we have absolutely stopped that effort. Secondly in terms of wind, I think what you're seeing right now and we went through this precise situation in 2002 where right now we are sort of in the construction overhang period where people who are already a little bit too much pregnant with wind and it could be they spend so much money on sites or they have got so many turbines on order with the cancellation fees or something, you are going to see more wind farms starting and finished given the short construction cycle in Texas. But, I think what you are going to see maybe is probably about 12 months from now is in absolutely specific decline in the wind farm starts in West Texas and around the country. Capital expenses there is no off take and you have the transmission congestion that is going to last until... even if credit crisis go forward 2011, 2012.
Unidentified Analyst: At the earliest.
David Crane: At the earliest. So you're probably not seeing it yet, but you are going to see it very soon.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and it seems like when the public utility commission approved the 18 gigawatt of transmission capacity it had seemed that more than enough capacity would be available on the credit designated zone. Due you think the transmission capacity could be revised in lieu of project calculations within the next year?
David Crane: Yes, I don't want to speak for the Texas regulatory authorities but the cost of the credit system is a substantial cost and the cost of capital isn't just hitting all of us in the private sector, it is going to hit the people who build the transmission lines as well. So, I don't want to get in front of the Texas authorities but would I be surprised if they slowed it down or reduced in size, I would not be surprised.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great and just one last question. Last quarter you provided a rather normalized demand update for Texas, do you have anything like that for this quarter?
David Crane: We did?
Clint Freeland: Did we?
David Crane: Yes, we did. We don't have anything on the presentation, Neil, but I mean if you are interested we can give it to you.
Clint Freeland: Just give a sign, I am sorry we don't have that with us today.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright, thank you very much.
David Crane: Okay. And thank you all for participating. We are sorry we took you over. But again we appreciate your interest in NRG. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes the NRG Energy third quarter earnings call. Thank you everyone for joining. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the NRG Energy Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. I would now turn the meeting over to Ms. Nahla Azmy, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2008 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished with the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of the website. A replay of the call will be posted on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and question-and-answer session will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement; during the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is July 29, 2008 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you Nahla. And good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this second quarter 2008 earnings call, which is the 18th earnings call in the history of the new NRG. I am joined here this morning by Bob Flexon, our Chief Operating Officer; and Clint Freeland, our Chief Financial Officer, both of whom will be giving part of presentation. And also by Mauricio Gutierrez, who runs our Commercial Operations Group and who will be available for answer questions to the extend appropriate. So let me start, and I'll be referring to slides, which appear on our website. Let me start with slide four. Before I hand it to Bob, I'd like to give you my take on the highlights of our performance year-to-date. So first, plant operating performance is the best. It has been since I've been here at NRG both in terms of safety and reliability and that performance I'm pleased to report has been achieved across all regions and all types of plants. Second, our commercial operations team has done a stunningly good job both in capturing the value of our unhedged assets in real time, but also in adding another layer of baseload hedges during the period of high gas price volatility, which ended just recently. And third, our financial team has feared a cautious course during the quarter in which the Wall Street contingent dictated caution. And as a result, we easily weathered from a liquidity perspective, the mid quarter spike in natural gas prices, which forced others in the industry to arrange emergency crisis relief. And during the second quarter, we substantially increased our net liquidity. I think this just acquires our never-ending commitment to prudent balance sheet management. And I am very pleased at the work that Clint and his team has done in this regard. What all this means is that we achieved the first half result that has enabled us to increase our full year guidance by a substantial amount. While as I mentioned before at the same time building up our future profitability with hedges struck at price level higher than we have generally realized in the past. In short, apart from the recent performance of our share price, there is precious little for me to complaint about either in terms of our current operating performance or our future prospects. With that, I'd like to hand it over to Bob Flexon.
Robert C. Flexon: Thank you David. Like our first quarter results earlier this year, the company's operating performance during the quarter was outstanding. Slide 6 summarizes our year-to-date safety performance, the coal inventory position at June 30th in the quarterly and year-to-date generation. Starting with safety, our recordable incident rate through June 30th was 0.92 versus 1.69 through June 2007, nearly a 46% improvement in top quartile performance as compared to industry average. Reportable incidents also declined over 40%, dropping from 27 through June of last year to 15 as of June 2008. Over the remainder of the year, priorities for our safety program are the further development news of leading safety indicators preparing for and filing the applications for OSHA's highly regarded voluntary protection program for five of our sites later this year and early 2009, and continuing improvement through our preventive safety and reporting program. Coal inventories dropped during the second quarter to an average of 41 days on hand at June 30th versus 45 days at the end of the first quarter. The decline is primarily related to lower inventory level of Big Cajun II and WA Parish facilities resulting from rail and barge disruptions during the second quarter in connection with the Midwest floods and high water levels on the Mississippi. Our shipping routes and modes have returned to normal operation and inventory levels are building at these locations. In addition to the transport issues, the baseload plants have improved their operating performance resulting in higher function of coal. Generation for the quarter and year-to-date increase over the same period last year across all regions. The higher generation was attributable to higher demand for the intermediate and peaking generation and higher baseload generation due impart to improve reliability, which I will cover next. Slide 7 provides quarterly and year-to-date equivalents availability factors and equivalent forced outage rates for baseload generation. In addition to the company's employee safely performing their duties, the availability and performance result of our baseload fleet during 2008 has been equally extraordinary, leading the way for the achievement of our reported results. All three regions of baseload generations have improved their year-on-year quarterly and year-to-date forced outage rates with the Texas and South Central regions achieving content sale performance level. Highlighted on the bottom half of the slide is examples of reliability records being established daily across our facilities. Not included in this list is the potential that our South Central region is on pace for, achieving their best annual E4 at Big Cajun II in at least the 15 years. Reliability improvements have not been limited to baseload facilities, but are also being achieved at intermediate and peaking facilities as well. A story for example, with 520 megawatts of in-city peaking capacity for New York has been called on nearly 900 times during the first half of 2008 and has achieved a startup for reliability rate of over 99%. Improved fleet reliability can be traced back to our FORNRG program, which is updated on slide 8. Focus on ROIC@NRG or FORNRG as it is known within our company, is our cost and efficiency improvement initiative launched in 2005. The goal of FORNRG once point out has increased over time as we have hit our targets. Today, the goal is $250 million in cumulative improvement, the pre-tax income and cash flow by the end of 2008. At December 31st, 2007, $220 million of the $250 million have been achieved. For the first six months of 2008 and additional $21 million of benefit has been achieved, primarily through improved operation. Upon achievement of the $250 million target expected by the fourth quarter, the company intends to announce the launch FORNRG 2.0. Turning to commercial operation on slide 9; unlike 2007, opportunities to have strategic power hedges in 2008 have been far more frequent. The second quarter experience continued natural gas volatility and record prices. Taking advantage of this volatility and price environment, the company added the equivalent of 18 million megawatts hour, our power hedges in the form of power and natural gas sales during the second quarter. This power was the first quarter addition of approximately 28 million megawatt hours of power equivalent hedges. Natural gas prices was traded in the first quarter as high as $10 per million Btu at $9.43 per million Btu for 2009 and 2010 calendar strips traded higher in the second quarter with peak prices during the second quarter, higher by $2.47 per million Btu, and $1.81 per million Btu respectively. The power hedges closely aligned to fuel hedges, the company's dark spread is substantially hedged over the next several years. Slide 10 provides the gross margins sensitivities to gas and heat rate movements on an equal probability basis. What can be distinguished by the natural gas and heat rate bar charge is the greater leverage natural gas prices are likely to have on the portfolio as compared to heat rates. Looking at 2013 as an example, the gross margin impact of natural gas movement is over four times greater than heat rate changes on an equal probability basis. The additional hedges added during the second quarter have reduced volatility impact of natural gas movements on the portfolio for future gross margins. For 2009 and 2010, the portfolio gross margin impact for dollar per million Btu natural gas price change has declined over 20% and 25% respectively since the first quarter call. Texas heat rates that continue to compress over the course of the year. We believe drivers of the declining for new generation along with the uncertainty on wind generation and transmission, which stayed that we will well address. And the exit of financial participants from the market for liquidity and risk reduction reasons. Our view remains that heat rates are overly compressed, reflecting our various settlements have a need to increase to justify new investments. Supporting our view is our Q2 results, which benefited from our heat rate position. Slide 11 provides details on our plans for complying with the region of green house gas initiatives or RGGI effective in 2009. The ten Northeast states participating in RGGI released guidance on the first allowance options to be held on September 25th for the auction of 12.6 million allowances. For the ten states; Delaware, New Hampton, New Jersey, New York will not be contributing allowances to this first option. The reserve price of the $1.86 per credit and no single entity combined more than 25% of offered allowances. The next auction is scheduled for December 17th, 2008 with auctions quarterly thereafter. The December auction is expected to offer approximately $30 million allowances. The Delaware legislative... legislature passed legislation, which enabled RGGI in granite transitional allocations of CO2 allowances to in-state electric generators. 40% in 2009 declining by 8 percentage point annually for five years. NRG was allocated approximately $1.2 million allowances for 2009. Net of these allocations, NRG is expected to consume about $13.7 million allowances in 2009. The company's compliance plans in addition to granite allowances are participating in the auctions in secondary markets while pursuing qualifying carbon offsets. To help for further cash cost with compliance, the company has been monetizing a portion of our excess carbon credit on the Chicago climate exchange. Slide 12 highlights our operational focus... focal points for the balance of the year. First and foremost, we'll be keeping our eyes on the ball and build upon our first half successes in safety and operation to make 2008 NRG's best year operationally. We'll deliver the FORNRG 1.0 savings target and meet our financial goals. Finally, we'll position ourselves to be successful in 2009 by preparing for the up coming winter season and RGGI compliance. I'll now turn to Clint for the second quarter financial performance review.
Clint Freeland: Thank you Bob. Starting on slide 14, NRG built upon a solid first quarter with an exceptional second quarter, generating $683 million in adjusted EBITDA, 30% improvement over the second quarter of 2007. As David and Bob has indicated, these results are primarily due to outstanding plant operating performance throughout the fleet in a flexible commercial operation strategy, which enabled the company to benefit from recent market volatility. Cash flow from operations totaled $376 million, a 7% improvement over the $353 million, posted in the second quarter of last year. The cash flow story for the quarter however was somewhat masked by movements in cash collateral postings, related to NRG short-term hedge positions. Excluding these collateral postings, cash flow from operation grew 65% to $554 million for the second quarter of 2008 versus $336 million, last year. Coupled with a stronger than expected performance in the first quarter, particularly by the company's South Central and Western regions, year-to-date adjusted EBITDA is well ahead of last year totaling $1.21 billion for the first six months, an 18% increase compared to $1 billion in 2007. Cash flow from operations for the first half of 2008 was $436 million, down slightly from last year's $459 million. However, excluding the effect of cash collateral postings on both year's results, cash flow from operations increased 36% from $562 million, during the first half of 2007 to $764 million in 2008. During periods of high commodity price volatility, liquidity becomes increasingly important, particularly when managing a significant hedging program. Notwithstanding the posting of an additional $178 million in net cash collateral during the second quarter and internally funding $245 million in capital expenditures, NRG's total liquidity rose by $276 million as a $420 million increase in cash balances more than offset a $144 million reduction in letter of credit capacity. Based on the better than expected year-to-date results, today we are raising our 2008 adjusted EBITDA guidance from $2.16 billion to $2.3 billion. For the remainder of the year, we assume normal weather patterns and no material changes to the company's exiting hedge position. While adjusted EBITDA guidance has been meaningfully raised, we are maintaining our cash flow from operations guidance at $1.5 billion as higher collateral postings offset increased adjusted EBITDA. Moving to slide 15, consolidated adjusted EBITDA during the second quarter increased 30% to $683 million compared to $524 million in 2007. As is evident from this regional breakout, Texas was the primary contributor for the year-over-year gain, as exceptional baseload plant performance, a 24% increase in gas plant generation, higher average merchant energy prices, and advantageous hedge positions came together to drive the region's results for the quarter. This along with the $29 million reduction in development expenses, primarily the result of capitalizing STP 3 and 4 costs and an $8 million partner reimbursement more than offset the impact of lower contract energy margins. The West region's adjusted EBITDA doubled to $18 million during the quarter compared to $9 million, last year. The $9 million increase was primarily attributable to capacity revenues generated by the Long Beach facility, which went in to service August 1st of last year. As you may notice, there is no bar for our South Central region as quarter-over-quarter results were virtually flat. Increases in capacity revenue from new peak set in 2007; higher contract revenue from fuel pass-throughs to coal-upload [ph] customers, an increased generation was offset by higher purchase power, increased transmission costs and unrealized losses on forward physical sales. Adjusted EBITDA for NRG's North East region decreased $18 million quarter-over-quarter from $131 million in 2007 to $118 million in 2008. During the quarter, the region benefited from a 6% increase in generation, primarily at Indian River in Huntley and a 9% increase in net capacity revenues. This was more than offset though by a combination of lower net contract revenues as the cost to serve those contracts rose in line with market prices and higher coal cost at our Indian River in Somerset plants. As you know, we routinely adjust our EBITDA to add back the impact of unrealized mark-to-market activity whether positive or negative related to asset back positions that are economic hedges of our portfolio, but do not meet the accounting requirements or deferrals under cash flow hedge treatment. The dramatic change in commodity prices seen during the second quarter had a meaningful impact on the value of our hedges as shown by the $543 million non-cash mark-to-market loss as shown on the slide. Over 60% of the $543 million mark-to-market adjustment is due to hedge ineffectiveness, mainly on our Texas gas slots, resulting from the sharp rise in forward gas prices during a time when power prices did not increase at the same rate. For longer-term gas and power price correlation, however, remains effective. Another 21% of the mark-to-market is from... North East forward energy sales that do not qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment while another 12% comes from gas swaps used to hedge Texas baseload plants, where the hedges cannot be perfectly matched with the shape of the expected monthly generation. In summery, the story of the second quarter was outstanding commercial and operating performance in Texas, where the fleet ran exceptionally well during the period of higher prices and volatility. This together with lower development expenses in the West region's retiring contributions resulted in the significant improvement over 2007. Slide 16 shows our results for the first half of 2008 compared to the first half of 2007. I would note that with all of the portfolio changes in recent years that this is the first time that we have had virtually no changes, in our asset base year-over-year, making this a more direct comparison between the period. Adjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2008 increased 18% to $1.2 billion compared to $1 billion for 2007 as three of our four core regions hosted double to triple digit year-over-year gains. Texas was up 29%, South Central increased 47% and the West more than double. As shown on the slide, Texas led the way during the first half, primarily due to a strong second quarter as I just described. Increased merchant margins, exceptional operations and decreased development costs drove adjusted EBITDA for the region up $181 million compared to the first half of 2007. South Central's adjusted EBITDA increased by $26 million from $55 million in the first half of 2007 to $81 million in 2008. Fewer planned outages and lower E4 rates resulted in an 8% increase in coal generation, which when coupled with and only modest increase in coal upload, resulted in more power being available to sell in the higher price merchant market and reduced need for purchase power to meet our load obligation. The resulting 45% increase in merchant sales and 16% reduction in purchase power volumes, together with the effective cost containment drove the year-to-date improvement. The West region's adjusted EBITDA rose to $35 million in the first half of 2008, compared to $14 million previous year. This increase was primarily related to capacity revenues from Long Beach, which was not yet in service, this time last year. Adjusted EBITDA for NRG's North East region decreased $14 million year-over-year. As higher capacity revenue was more than offset by lower contract in energy margins Capacity revenue increased primarily due to the initiation of the RPM capacity market in PJM in June of 2007. A new RMR agreement at our Norwalk Harbor facility and affective hedging of our New York capacity. Higher capacity revenues were more than offset by lowered net contract revenues as a cost to serve those contracts rose in line with market prices and reduced energy margins, which declined due to the retirement of hardly 65 and 66 in June of 2007 and higher fuel costs at Indian River and Somerset. As I discussed earlier, we experienced significant non-cash mark-to-market losses, primarily related to an upward movement in the natural gas curve during the second quarter. Of the $713 million loss recorded for the first six months of the year, more than half was related to Texas gas slot ineffectiveness. 20% was due to North East forward energy sales and 18% was due to the shaping of hedges compared to forecasted monthly generation. For additional detail, we have included a slide in the appendix, which provides more detail on the impact of commodity price movements, given our hedge position on our income statement and balance sheet. Slide 17 shows NRG's cash flow generation during the first half of 2008. Cash flow from operations fell $23 million from $459 million in the first half of 2007 to $436 million for the first half of 2008. But if we net out the impact of cash collateral movement to see the true cash generation of the business, cash from operations rose 36% from $562 million to $764 million. Virtually, all of this year-over-year increase in cash from operation net of collateral is attributable to second quarter adjusted EBITDA improvement. NRG's free cash flow during the first half of 2008 was $32 million compared to $226 million in 2007 as both environmental and repowering investment accelerated. The year-over-year increase in environmental CapEx is related to the two back in control projects that are Huntley and Dunkirk locations. Repowering investments increased in 2008 as we move forward with various investments including the Sherbino and Elbow Creek Wind Farms, Cedar Bayou four combined cycle plant in Texas and the Cos Cob heater [ph] facility in Connecticut. Repowering investments to-date also includes payments on one set of additional wind turbines, initial work toward our previously announced Delta Window [ph] project and continued investment in the STP 3 and 4 initiative, net of the $50 million contribution received from our partner Toshiba. Moving to slide 18, NRG's liquidity program remains a differentiating factor for the company with one of the most active hedging programs in the industry and facing one of the more volatile commodity and financial environments in many years. We were able to navigate our way through the quarter, not only sustaining our liquidity but increasing it. As outlined here, total liquidity stood at right over $2.6 billion at the end of second quarter, up $276 million since March 31st. This increase was attributable to $420 million increase in cash balances, net of $178 million increase in cash collateral resulting from strong operating cash flow and the receipt of the ITISA sale proceeds in April. Partially offsetting this increase in cash was $144 million decline in letter of credit capacity as additional LCs were posted in support of commercial operations activity. The cornerstone of our liquidity program though is our first lean collateral structure, which is represented on the bottom right side of this slide. As we have discussed previously, we are able to hedge up to 80% of our baseload capacity for the next five years under the structure and the size limit of this program is based on volumes hedge, not the dollar value of underlying notional positions. As such, the capacity of this program does not change as commodity prices move. As you can see, peak annual utilization is in 2009 was 72% of our capacity that year currently committed to strategic hedges, following the 15% for existing hedges in 2013. This lean capacity, coupled with our significant available liquidity, positions the company to continue to protect and enhance the value our fleet through both short and long-term hedging strategy while acquiring ways to remove impediments to efficient capital allocation. Given the company's stronger than expected financial performance during the first half of the year, we are updating our full year 2008 guidance as outlined on slide 19. We are increasing adjusted EBITDA guidance by $140 million from 2.16 billion currently to $2.3 billion. With increase in collateral requirements in recent months, we are maintaining our cash flow from operations guidance at $1.5 billion at cash margin postings offset a portion of the increase in adjusted EBITDA. Also impacting cash flow guidance is an increase in forecasted cash tax payments for the year, as a result of the sale of ITISA during the second quarter. Previously, we expected to become a full tax payer beginning in the second quarter of 2009. However, with our higher earnings this year, we expect to use our remaining post bankruptcy NOL this year and become a tax... cash tax payer by year end. As such, we expect our cash tax rate in 2009 to be approximately 30%, which is lower than the marginal tax rate due to a continuing $130 million limitation related to our pre-bankruptcy NOL. While cash flow from occurring operations remains virtually unchanged, we expect our free cash flow to increase approximately $70 million to our updated plans for environmental CapEx and our Big Cajun facility. So as we look out for the rest of the year, we expect to see continued strong free cash flow from occurring operations before environmental and repowering CapEx and yesterday's closing share price of occurring free cash flow yield of 15%. Slide 20 outlines our 2008 capital allocation plan as it stands at mid-year. As I mentioned earlier, the primary focus during the second quarter was on our investment programs, where we invested a total of $245 million. 44 million in maintenance CapEx, 43 million in environmental CapEx, primarily on AQCS projects at our Huntley and Dunkirk facility, and $158 million on the powering initiative, primarily when Cedar Bayou 4 and Cos Cob. Year-to-date CapEx investments have totaled $426 million with $97 million in maintenance CapEx, $61 million in environmental CapEx and $218 million in repowering investments. On the capital side, $188 million in consolidated debt has been repaid to date, not including the $300 term loan B prepayment at the end of 2007 and $140 million of the targeted $300 million in share repurchases has been completed. In light of the turmoil in the financial markets during the second quarter, which coincided with an unprecedented run up in natural gas prices, we adopted a cautious approach to liquidity conservation. Nonetheless, we remain committed to completing the remaining $160 million in share repurchases for this year's program at the settle out of CSF I auctions when they expire in December. With that, I'll turn it over you to David.
David W. Crane: Thank you Clint. This is the part of presentation, I usually, talk a little bit about the company strategy going forward. And I think I may depart from tradition to some extent, because I think most people on the call have a pretty good idea of what company strategy is going forward and it hasn't really changed over the last three months. What I'd like to do is look a little more at the situation as it exists today. And as I look at the situation, as I look it this company over the... and think about the past 12 months, I see a situation, in which the 12 months forward gas curve has gone up by 18%. We have during that 12 months period increased our EBITDA guidance now three times, twice in 2007 and now once in 2008. We filed the first application for a nuclear plant in United States in 29 years and we have still 12% of our nuclear development company for $300 million. We have successfully completed two repairing projects Cos Cob and Long Beach, and we have three construction projects Sherbino, Elbow Creek, and Cedar Bayou 4, which are proceeding on time and on budget. And we have been awarded power purchase agreement long term PPAs for also doing a repowering project in the state of California, and our GenConn project in City of Connecticut. During that 12 months period, our stock is down more than 10%. That's somewhere it was 12 months ago. Since, I am sure that this question is as much on your mind as it is our minds, and we are all shareholders here, I thought I would do what I can to try and identify the issues, which could be overhanging our stocks and analyze whether those issues are legitimate material concerns to NRG going forward or simply market phobias, more or less indiscriminately held against us during this time of relentless and apparently endemic pessimism on Wall Street. So I came up with five phobias, which are listed on this slide 22. I can't guarantee that this is an exhaustive list. But you can name others, we'll be happy to address them during the Q&A that's going to follow my comments. So let's start on slide 23, with one of the more recent phobias which is dark spread compression. This concern was the callous for sell side reported a few weeks ago directed at mere end, which seems to offend a little strap to us as well. On this slide, let's start with the obvious. We don't burn much eastern coal. We are completely hedged in 2008, and we are almost completely hedged in 2009. And we have a very high level coal inventory in stock. You knew all these facts since we have reported on them before. So we tried on this slide to make our analysis more quantitative and more comprehensive and given that the market seems to be enamored with idea of open EBITDA, which is probably we would look at it on an open dark spread basis for 2009. By looking at the dark spread from both ends, from the cost push end and the revenue pull from the beginning of 2008 until now. You can see that the increase in the gas curve since the beginning of the year plus the reduction in SO2 cost has swamped the deterioration in heat rate in the modest increase in western coal prices, leading for NRG and almost $7 per megawatt hour improvement in the dark spreads since the beginning of the year. Of course the key here, as you can tell from the comparison with the eastern coal burner on the right is our reliance on western coal. We continue to see no basis for believing that Powder River Basin prices are destined to link with global oil prices through fuel switching in Europe and several other leads to fate that would be required in order to make that connection a pricing reality. As such we don't believe we bear any material risk of dark spread compression. So now moving on to the second phobia: the carbon overhang. So much has been written by others and so much has been said by us on this topics in Dan's reported last November that simply want to give our current take on the prospects for Federal Carbon Legislation. To us the key is the ten primarily democratic standards from the Hartland, who voted for Boxer [ph] and Lieberman-Warner, but then went on a record to say that they would not vote to the bill itself in its present form. In our opinion, it doesn't matter what happens in the poll elections, the concerns are those centers need to be accommodated for legislation to be moved out of the Congress and on to the next President's desk. Moreover, we think it's clear that climate change legislation itself with the inherent prospect of a substantial carbon charge imposed on the American consumer cannot pass at all in the current high energy cost environment unless it is coupled with additional elements that hold out at least the prospects of lower future energy cost. This means to us is a very least a nuclear tile, which of course by that I mean a series of provisions designed to incentivize and clear obstacles to the so called nuclear ransom [ph]. Obviously, nuclear tile almost... whatever it included would benefit us and are mean us subsidiary directly. And I also think that the bill would... need to have an electric car title which should benefit the entire electric industry over time as transportation evolves into the biggest source of electricity demand growth in the years and decades to come. In summary, whether you are evaluating NRG from the perspective of carbon risk in the short term to medium term or the long term, we feel that the company is better positioned today than we have been at any time over the past 12 months. Now on to wind and its impact on heat rate in Texas; no doubt the prospects of flood of zero marginal cost wind farms are significantly affected the psychology of the psychology of the ERCOT forward heat rate market. And heat in our opinion, the market has overreacted. On slide 25, we tried the breakthrough of the negative market psychology in order to get the likely physical reality. This slide of course shows the narrower supply stock that we project for ERCOT in 2015 relative to 2008. To the extent that wind power depends on actual electricity sales for its economics, the key is the number of hours during the year that wind can avail itself as the CCGP marginal cost unit during off peak hours. This is the cliff that you can see depicted in these supply stacks about one-third the way over from the left. Well, this slide demonstrates is that... with the 418 gig watt wind build out, this benefit is likely to be eroded relative to what wind projects are realizing today. Furthermore, there are important issues in terms of the pace of transmission construction and most importantly reliability. We think that the PUCT and ERCOT officials in Texas are very mindful of the billions of dollars is going to take the bill, the credit transmission system and we feel that they are equally like hold the billions more to take the bill to maintain at quick start gas fire back of capacity need to... need to firm the wind. We believe that the future perhaps in the very near future ERCOT will begin to consider the topic of who pays for ancillary services, what wind firming capacity is necessary and how, and who will pay for that. In short, when it comes to wind in Texas and its impact on forward heat rates, stay tuned. The market has over sold it and we're due for a reality check. In short, if you have a lot... like when the market actually believed that CXU is going to bring 11 coal plants online in the 2010 to 2012 timeframe. And then at which point, we incurred that that was not going to happen that the heat rate, the forward heat rates in Texas rebounded nicely. Next up on the phobia list is environmental CapEx. When the DC circuit recently struck down the ECA's Clean Air Interstate Rule and when the Clean Air Mercury Rule was stated as well. It changed the regulatory basis for some, but not all of our spend on environmental retrofits. As a result, and skipping several intermediate steps, we get to the bottom line. The net effect on us is a six year environmental CapEx spend, which is currently projected to be about $70 million less in aggregate. Plus we projected about the $400 million net shift out of the 2008 to 2010 timeframe in our total environmental spend with it being shifted into the 2011 to 2013 timeframe as depicted by the bar chart on the left. So from our perspective, the post care, post CAMR rule provides the modest respite in terms of near term environmental CapEx, but it's otherwise not materially different for NRG. Finally, the fifth phobia, which is the all purpose sketch [ph] that the credit economic recession and the impact of reduced economic activity on future electricity demand growth. While recession and reduced demand growth are obviously a concern, particularly in such a high energy price environment, there are two important mitigating factors, which benefit our company. The first is our hedge program. As demonstrated by the hedging information previously provided by Bob, we believe the company has basically hedged its way through the current recession, given that most recession in American history have not exceeded 15 to 24 months in length. The second litigant is Texas. It has been our sub position for sometime that the energy based economy at Texas would be fairly immune to a national recession in a world of $100 plus oil. While it's still in the early month and such as maybe too soon to draw final conclusion, the chart on the right side of this page comparing electricity demand growth in ERCTO, PJM on a weather adjusted, weather normalized basis for 2007 and year-to-date 2008, we tend to support our sub position. Even weather normalize in 2008, Texas is growing at an average base of little bit more than 2% per annum, which is actually is putting electricity demand growth in Texas ahead of its growth rate from 2007. While PJM by comparison is experiencing a year-on-year draw, again whether normalized from about 2.5% per annum in 2007 to almost flat in 2008. With nearly 65% of our overall energy production in Texas, this obliviously is an important advantage or an important litigant for us. Finally in conclusion, the impact of these five phobias on our company are stock appeared to us at least to be considerably over blown. The company has performed magnificently year-to-date rewarding all of its shareholders with a robust first half financial results, and we are well positioned to deliver similarly positive results over the balance of the year and in the months and years to come. So thank you and I think we will open the line now for questions and answers. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from John Kiani from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kiani: Good morning.
David W. Crane: Good morning, John.
John Kiani: In late May at our conference, you stated that the Calpine deal would either happen or not happen by the end of the second quarter. And I guess, we're one month beyond that timeframe now; and on slide 22, the company highlighted potential overhangs on the stock. I actually think that this is a meaningful overhang on NRG stock that wasn't discussed. Can you please tell me where you stand on that transaction?
David W. Crane: Well, I mean John, as you know, we don't comment on any discussions with anyone that's in progress or otherwise. Since I went to your conference at [indiscernible] personal expense or corporate expense and outlined our rationale for the Calpine proposal we made at the time. I think it's people on the phone were paying attention to what we said at your conference, and then there was a flurry of emails. I think our press reports later a week, I think they know everything, they need to know.
John Kiani: Well, as you mentioned, I think during the presentation, that you just gave. Year-to-date long term natural gas has increased over 15%, your market EBITDA, your open EBITDA has increased almost $1 billion, but the stock is down 17% year-to-date. Why isn't the company looking at doing $1 billion stock buyback to take advantage of the substantial dislocation between the stock price and the intrinsic value that's only increased over the last 12 months? In the past, NRG I think has been very creative and opportunistic in using hybrid securities converts and other strategies to create substantial buyback capacity. Why isn't the company taking advantage of this opportunity in the stock price right now?
David W. Crane: Well I mean, John better than anyone that the direct answer to your question, is why we are not doing that is because of the limitations of restricted payment basket. So the real question is: the company's perpetual search for ways to free up more room in your restricted payment basket. I think what Clint was trying to say is that this is a very high level of focus for us. There are a variety of ways in which we can do that, and I think there's a slide back in the appendices that try to articulate that. Because there's been a lot of focus from buy side investors about that. From our perspective... from my personal perspective, it's an intolerable situation for me that the company sit here with $2.6 billion of liquidity, and we have the freedom to distribute and optimize way. Right now we have $180 million effective limitation, which I guess will free up little bit more by the third quarter. So, it's very high on our priority list. Certainly the idea of freeing up the restricted payment basket and then doing the share buyback that's something we seriously consider as well. I guess the question I would ask you is... my understanding is that Mirant from the middle of the $2.4 billion share buyback and sales in their stock seems to be dropping at the same pace as everyone else. So, I'd like to be persuaded that a major share buy back would be the fantasy for all our world. But maybe that's the debate we can have offline.
John Kiani: Well I think, as you pointed out David, Mirant is experiencing massive dark spread compression, so I think that's why their stock has dropped. And I think your company is obviously in a completely different situation, where the intrinsic value has actually increased substantially over the last seven to eighth months as opposed to having decreased. Because you Mirant and other company are short Eastern coal, while you obviously own lignite, PRB and also nuclear generating assets and yet your stock is still down 17% year-to-date. And that's the opportunity to create additional value that I am referring to. I am just a little bit confused as to why... what's the direction of the company's capital allocation program is going in. Because I feel the stocks materially undervalued get the company is thinking about using it as currency. And in my opinion the best investment that NRG has right now is on stock.
David W. Crane: Well, I think John, you've got your opinion. And I could respond that. But I think at some point we need to take some other questions on the phone.
John Kiani: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan Eggers: Hey, good morning. I think John covered a lot of the capital allocation business. Clint, I was wondering if you can just give a little more color on some of the mark-to-market losses in the collateral postings, given the movement in commodity prices. I guess since the close of the quarter, we've been probably down. Any inside you could share us for mark-to-market would be going in the third quarter and any trend in collateral since then?
Clint Freeland: Sure Dan. On the mark-to-market front, we've actually taken a pretty close look at that over the few weeks. Obviously there has been a significant decline in the gas market. And what retaining is based on calculations that we just run in the last couple of days. There are a lot of ineffectiveness and mark-to-market that we experienced during the second quarter is reversing itself in a pretty significant way. I think we are seeing what we would have expected to see with gas prices coming down as much as they have. So again mark-to-market looks like at this point with gas moving down is rehearsing itself quite meaningfully. On the collateral front, since the end of the quarter we've gotten about $60 million of net cash collateral back as a result of reduction in gas prices, so again moving in the direction that you would expect to see
Dan Eggers: And then just on the hedging effect and this was at all a tie to 2008 was reusable dim in 2009 and beyond the practice.
Clint Freeland: Really it was across the years. So it's not specific to 2008. There's effectiveness, kind of shrink strength basically throughout the program. And it really has to do with the fact that in all these years, when we looked at the changes in natural gas prices as of the end of the quarter on 6.30. We look at the change in gas prices and we look at the change in power prices and basically in all years what we saw is that natural gas prices during the quarter rose at a faster rate than power prices. And so that led to some degree of ineffectiveness rally throughout the hedge program.
Dan Eggers: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lasan Johong from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong: I am a little puzzled about the hedging strategy you adopted in second quarter. My understanding is... or has been that NRG prefers to lock away cash price volatility and keep its heat rate exposure open and in the current market, where dark spread compression, which I agree with David is kind of silly at this point and meaningless. Why would you hedge into that kind of dumb environment if you would driven by financial loans of the banks and other issues?
Unidentified Company Representative: Lasan, on the hedging front, the hedges that we added during the second quarter along the gas price, so we are locking in higher powered price. We already have the fuel hedge. So we are locking in very strong margins by locking in the gas business.
Lasan Johong: But the point is that the power prices were understated relative to its heat... what it actually should be because of heat rate compression. Am I wrong about that?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, we left the heat rate position open. We hedged it with the GAAP, so... Right, we still keep the heat rates in upside, which is similar to what we did in the second quarter this year. We've kept the heat rate open and it benefited us by doing so.
Lasan Johong: So you bought the power and sold gas short.
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we think we just sold gas.
Lasan Johong: You just sold gas. [Multiple speakers]
Lasan Johong: Okay, then have some... we can get into offline. Assuming the... I am seeing the sale of assets in international was in the discontinued offline; is that correct?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, that's right.
Lasan Johong: Okay, great. That's it for me. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Lasan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Smith, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrew Smith: Thanks, good morning guys,
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Smith: One of the things you guys could talk a little bit in Texas about, that we saw some pretty high cost in the balancing market versus certainly just overall with the moving gas or some commodity price move. Could you guys talk a little bit about what the driver in the quarter was for the performance? Was it really more that kind of 15 minute increment, peakers in the balancing market, was it just overall commodity price and then I had a follow up question on that too.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I mean tempted with what made up the EBITDA increase for tax cutting was the full range more of output, better performance. We have the specific number on... I mean we try to isolate the number that came from the... sort of those pricing moments in May.
Unidentified Company Representative: We'll we don't have a specific number for that. I don't think we historically given out specific numbers for gas plant EBITDA. But I think the way to think about it is during the second quarter, gas plant generation was up 24% year-over-year and then when you look at on-peak power prices in Texas during the quarter, I believe were up over a 100% about 130%. So, I think you can kind of use those as a proxy for the impact.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, so we don't have that specific number. I know we can try and get it. Those moments got a lot of headlines that were actually relatively short lived in for just a few weeks, so I would... how much of an impact they would have. But we can discuss internally get back to you if that's an important number for you.
Andrew Smith: Well, I was looking what were your qualitative comment, and so it sounds like what you just said qualitatively, you would say it was overall better pricing and fundamentals impacts in the quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, and either way that I looked at it is qualitatively is that the price impact was the majority products were roughly three quarters and then the volume peak up due to better generation, better reliability, generation of the gas plants was the lesser part of it. So part of it was again the open heat rate position in and the pricing and then to a less extend the additional megawatt that we put out of the plant.
Andrew Smith: Okay, great. And then congestion charges were up fairly significantly in the second quarter as well. Do you guys have any exposure to that or did you have any exposure to that, but you have a positive or negative?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we sure didn't [ph].
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we didn't have anything meaningful. I mean we do participate in the basis market in Texas, but we were not affected adversely on the increase congestion product.
Andrew Smith: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: The next question comes from Elizabeth Parrella from Merrill Lynch, Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Parrella: Thank you. I wanted to ask regarding the RP basket. Clint, could you just remind us or tell us what they were at the end of June both the bank and bond calculations versus where we were in at the end of March?
Clint Freeland: Sure, Elizabeth. The RP basket and the bonds, right now stands at I think $184 million. Under the bank, it's $1.10 billion. And then at the end of the first quarter, I believe it was $150 million under the bonds. And I don't recall what it was under the bank.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. And just a second question on different area. In the wake of care ruling, have you looked at the caring value of your emission allowances particularly the ones in Texas that you value... coming out of the Texas GenConn acquisition. Whether you need to take any impairment on those? And if you do will that go into the calculations of net income for the bond or RP basket?
Clint Freeland: Elizabeth, we have taken a look at that. We looked at both our NOX and SOX [ph] credit banks. And just to be thorough, the NOX credit that we have are not impacted by the care decision. Those are really poor kind of local Houston-Galveston area compliant. On the SOX front, as you mentioned really the only part of our bank that is affected by care are the other credits that we purchased as the part of the Texas GenConn transaction. We've looked at this over the past week, because we know that a number of other companies have faced this issue. And based on our existing carrying book value of those credit and based on our fundamental long-term view of what those credits are worth, we don't foresee any type of meaningful impairment, at this time. Obviously, we'll need to monitor that overtime. But I don't at this point see any type of meaningful impairment associated with us.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. If there were impairment charges, they get included in the net income calculation for the bond warranty?
Clint Freeland: We need to look at that. That may be considered an extraordinary event, given what gives rise to that impairment, but that would be something that we have to look at more closely.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys congratulations on a really good quarter. When I ask you about RGGI, what are you expecting as your '09 RGGI costs? I am just trying to get your fundamental view over the... on kind of the dollar per ton pricing for RGGI credit.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, go ahead Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hi, Michael, this is Mauricio. I think there has been some price discovery on the over the counter market. We have seen price fall anywhere between $750 to $850 per ton. Actually our fundamental view is lower than that, and so I would say in probably in the neighborhood of $4 to $6 per ton range.
Michael Lapides: Okay, so if you are buying 12 million to 13 million tons for talk to near about $100 million.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes.
Unidentified Company Representative: Michael, the way you should look at that on a cash basis, there are two things to consider; one is how much did it pass through in the marketplace show on and then the second point is, we have been monetizing some of our other excess pricing credits to offset some of those costs.
Michael Lapides: Okay. I have a question also and real quick one and I think about collateral cash posting. Under what scenario does the collateral that you've already posted year-to-date in offer term back you simply another spike in the gas prices?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes I think that's the case Michael. If gas prices continue to rise, then it wouldn't, but again it's really more of a the timing issue. Because as the underlying hedges roll off and realize that cash collateral will come back to us. So, I think it's just a matter of matter of timing. But again it may not come back to us in time that we expect the cash prices continue to rise.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. Thank you guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Taylor, Evergreen Investments. Please go ahead.
Chris Taylor: Thanks. I am want to talk about slide 27. You are talking about being recession resistant. You don't see more analysis for price impact and obviously the last year recessions we have fairly low energy prices and how much could the amount of destruction fee due to high the prices as opposed to a recession. Have you got search analysis?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, we did have an analysis, which was based on historic... we didn't play it in here. But we tried to calculate it all the way through, some impact on natural gas prices. And again this is just sort of calculating based on sort of historic pattern. I think Mauricio, tell me what came about $0.30.
Mauricio Gutierrez: $0.35 to $0.50. But I mean this... as the calculation... we did the best we could. But that's what it came out to it. It's obviously highly speculative, but anyway.
Chris Taylor: So, which are your more vulnerable period, is it recession or high electricity prices that amounts to destruction?
Unidentified Company Representative: More vulnerable to high electricity pricing?
Chris Taylor: In terms of your volume? Which are your volumes more sensitive to a recession impact or high electricity price impact?
Unidentified Company Representative: I mean we are seeing the amount structuring gasoline logic...
Unidentified Company Representative: I think we have started seeing more sensitive to our portfolio right now, it's gas, it's now gasoline.
Chris Taylor: I am not talking about your price impact; I am talking about your volume impact.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, we are hedged for the next couple of years. So the volume for our base is basically 90% plus of our generation comes from baseload. So this recession you will see the impact more of the intermediate, you don't get much generation.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I think as steep... a recession driven steep drop up in demand for natural gas got to be what would be most susceptible to. But since we take the benefit natural gas through sales of our baseload solid fuel plans, where we are heavily hedged for the next years, again that's least in our view in the expression that we think that were recession resistant. But if you are looking for one thing, it would be that recession driving reduction in natural demand for natural gas.
Chris Taylor: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Maury Sean [ph] from MFS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Bob congratulations on a safety operations. Dave, I am going to give you a second chance from the Calpine question, thrown out there by John. We have an entity out there for the temporary management team; such a new folks on the financial side can't keep tracks who's been put there. And statements by you that comments that this issue would come to a close sooner than it has. Obviously there is a CEO there. The board seem to give you bit of highs then and both stocks have been hammered a bit and so we are in the wonderful land of uncertainty and I as John were actually in some respect put that the number one list of the concern. I appreciate the craziness of the market we are living at everyday. And the understanding of maintaining liquidity and given the RP basket and everything else put some constraints on things. But throwing uncertainty deal into a mix of the difficult market is not helping the cause. So I am going to give you second chance and try to help us better understand what is going on, and especially with the prospects of buying company that essentially has no management?
David W. Crane: Well, Maury I've been here for four years; and for four years, we've been identified with one or another company in this industry. I can't remember the order whether we were Mirant, Reliant and now Calpine or some other order. But the fact that I said I am not going to comment on whether there are any discussions going on. We also tend to say that in the other way, which is I would say, there is always discussion going on with all people. We just don't comment on any type of transactions that's going. You can't read into that comment anything in particular about the Calpine situation. If there is uncertainty that concerns yourself and John Kiani about Calpine transaction that you don't like, again, I would refer back to the situation that existed at the end of the May. In terms of... at that point, we laid out what we thought was the strategic project for a transaction in the letter. And we said in terms of whether the numbers work, that was something that we would have to determine on due diligence. I think that the market have that question as well. You and John for Calpine number one ahead of the five phobias that I talked about today. That maybe the case, I mean this is why the frustrations of this market. I mean, no one really knows what's causing any of these things. I would only point out that, it's not just Calpine and NRG that has been hammered over the last two months; I think the entire sector has been hammered. And even the people who aren't rumored to be involved anything. And then the second point I would say is we are down 10% over the last 12 months. The Calpine thing is sort of came up in May, right? So maybe again you and John and I can take it offline. I would like to understand, why we didn't get the benefit of the favorable market conditions in terms of natural gas prices and other things over the last ten months prior to the Calpine announcement. But, I am not... I'm sure that this answer is unsatisfactory to you, but we just can't get into this. I don't know any company that comments on transactions that may or may not be happening before they have happened.
Unidentified Analyst: So you said... again you have said in order to have reduce something of that sort, you would have to do two or three weeks of due diligence at Calpine to understand various issues from contract hedges and everything else and none of that has changed.
David W. Crane: None of... none that we would have to do something like that in order to understand their... no, I don't that is not our view point on that hasn't changed.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
David W. Crane: Thank you.
Operator: And the last question comes from Nitin Dayya [ph] from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Without asking the views on Calpine and if the transaction were to happen, how do you plan to refinance the Calpine, I know that Calpine that and if you have given any thoughts to that?
David W. Crane: I think we've exhausted the Calpine topic today, so...
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough. So, just on the RP basket issue again. Obliviously the bonds are about 96, 97 and would you again consider going back to the bondholders to seek their amendment there also just based on where the bonds are trading versus the CDS. I mean it almost seems... market almost seems to expect that you would actually seek to relax that. Could you comment on that?
Clint Freeland: Our bondholders are very significant part of our capital structure and I have always been constructive in dialogs obviously. We talked today about the RP restrictions being something that we're focused on. And I guess, all I would say is that we are certainly always open to a constructive dialog with any member of our investment community including the bondholders.
Unidentified Analyst: Is that the tax for possibility is on the table?
Clint Freeland: I am not prepared right now to suggest that that we are preparing any type of formal approach. All I would say is that that obviously is something that we thought about in the past and we will continue to consider that in future.
Unidentified Analyst: And also on slide partly the restricted payment 101, when you look at the various clauses under the indenture, where RP could be built. I suppose outside of that issuance, does equity earnings, cash distributions from deconsolidated entities? Do any of your entities have that capacity?
Clint Freeland: Not at this point. I mean what that referring to is if we have an unrestricted subsidiary, and that's a definition under the indenture that to the extent that we receive any cash distribution from them that that would increase the basket dollar for dollar. At this point, the only unrestricted subsidiaries that we have are the CSF I and CSF II structures. And I don't perceive that cash distributions being a dynamic within the context of those...
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
David W. Crane: Okay, Jennifer. We've gone a little bit longer. But thank everyone for participating in the call and we look forward to talking to you again in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you very much for your participation; and have a nice day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the NRG Energy first-quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. I'd now like to turn the meeting over to Ms. Nahla Azmy. Please go ahead.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to our first-quarter 2008 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished with the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of the website. A replay and podcast of the call will be posted on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and the question-and-answer session will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up. Now, for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider these important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in this press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is May 1, 2008 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the Company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information to most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and good morning everyone. Today, I'm joined by Bob Flexon, our Chief Operating Officer, and Clint Freeland, our Chief Financial Officer, both of whom will be giving part of the presentation today. I'm also joined by Mauricio Gutierrez, who runs or Commercial Operations Group and will be available to answer questions. In addition to other colleagues from NRG, we have new... two new colleagues from NRG joining us. Hopefully, you've all seen press releases on this recently. We have Jonathan Baliff and Michael Liebelson with us. Both joined the Company as Executive Vice Presidents enhancing what I believe to be already the best management team in the business. Then for the first time ever on this, the 17th earnings call that we've made as the new NRG, we have two special guests from outside the Company with us today... Yasuharu Igarashi, the President of Toshiba Power Systems, and Hiroshi Tsukamoto, the Senior Vice President of Toshiba America. Both of whom are here as our special guests at NRG today as we are in the process of closing today the formation of Nuclear Innovation North America, or NINA, the joint venture that we've entered into with Toshiba not only to develop South Texas Projects 3 and 4, but also to develop other advanced boiler water reactor projects in North America. So, welcome to Mr. Igarashi and Mr. Tsukamoto. Now, I want to... in terms of the style or the order of the presentation today, I want to remind anyone who is new to NRG or who may have missed our last earnings call in late February that we reorganized our executive management team on March 1. As a result, on this call, Bob Flexon, who is now our Chief Operating Officer, will now review the Company's plants and commercial operations performance while Clint Freeland, our new CFO, will cover our quarterly financial results and give a snapshot of the Company's financial strength at this point. In the broadest sense, our management restructuring was implemented in recognition of the fact that NRG's business has become increasingly bifocal since we began our Repowering program and our other growth initiatives. Our increasingly complex and inter-related operational business is intensely internally focused, while our development business is relentlessly externally oriented. While the focus is different, the two businesses are highly interdependent. The development business in particular, built as it is around the redevelopment of our existing assets, would be starved for oxygen if the operating business did not continue to operate effectively on all fronts. This quarter was a case and point. The springboard for the significant advances that we achieved in our Repowering program was the solid operating performance that we've achieved across our plants, across all regions. If you are following this presentation on slides, if you want to turn to slide 4, plant operating performance was strong, as I said, in all plants and all regions, but led by the superior reliability results achieved by Big Cajun II in South Central and the astonishing performance of the South Texas Nuclear Project Units 1 and 2, which achieved its 12th quarter in a row with a 0.0% forced outage rate. Building on that operating success and the financial strength they provide us, combined with our eternal corporate commitment to prudent balance sheet management, we focused this quarter on taking advantage of what I've characterized on this slide as the upwardly volatile commodity markets to lock in substantially more baseload hedges. In all, we sold the equivalent of 28 million MW hours spread over the next five years at natural gas prices significantly higher than we had previously realized and far higher than we anticipated at the time we bought Texas Genco back in 2006. Given that we continue to remain bullish, as we have been for a while on gas prices, it is important to point out that as large a position as 28 million MW hours may seem, it represents only 9% of our total baseload capacity over that period. I'm going to talk a little bit more about that later. Before I turn it over to Bob, I also want to mention on this page ITISA, because we have a very capable Business Operations Group at this company; ITISA in Brazil, obviously a non-core asset from the beginning. When the new NRG got started at the beginning of 2004, there was actually a process underway to sell ITISA. It looked, at that point, like we were going to net somewhere between 0 and $20 million in cash. Even though we recognize that the business was noncore, we thought that was undervaluing the asset by a long shot. So, we stopped that sales process. We put ITISA into the hands of our Business Operation team. They fixed it up and this quarter we sold ITISA for $288 million and $61 million of deconsolidated debt. Of the $288 million, that will result in a net cash back to NRG of about $200 million. So congratulations to Bob, Henry and his Business Operations Group. With that, let me turn it over to Bob Flexon.
Robert C. Flexon: Thank you, David. I will begin this morning with a review of our first-quarter operating performance on slide 6, which in summary was excellent. Starting with safety, our recordable incident rate during the first quarter was 0.74. While we relentlessly strive to achieve a reportable incident rate of 0, our actual rate in the first quarter continued the progression we started several years ago towards that goal. The recordable rate of 0.74 is significantly below the industry average recordable rate of 3.9. One of our important safety goals for 2008 is extending the number of our plant locations that participate in OSHA's highly regarded Voluntary Protection Program. I will be providing updates on our progress during the course of the year. Our baseload operating plants also put up very impressive numbers during the first quarter, contributing 641,000 MW hours of increased coal and nuclear generation versus the same period last year. Baseload EFOR in the Texas and South Central regions were outstanding at 1.7% and 1.6%, respectively, while our Northeast region showed significant improvements quarter-over-quarter. As David highlighted, STP our nuclear site, has now run 12 full quarters without a forced outage event. Our efforts to improve fleet-wide plant reliability began several years ago as part of FORNRG, or Focus on ROIC. While there will likely be times in the future where we will experience higher EFOR numbers, our continued focus on safely running and maintaining our assets will drive reliability over the long-term. We continued building our coal inventory as we prepare for the peak summer season and anticipate the South Central BCII outage and the coal barge unloading area later this year. The inventory levels above the targeted range primarily relate to PRB 8400 used in our South Central and Texas locations. For the first time in several quarter, our Commercial Operations Group resumed their forward hedging of energy from our baseload portfolio. Slide 7 provides the current hedged levels of our baseload portfolio with the additional hedged position added in 2008, highlighted by the striped bar. With this year's rapid increase in natural gas prices and calendar strip prices for 2009, trading as high as $10.66 per million Btu and the 2010 to 2013 calendar strips trading from the mid to high $9 per million Btu, our commercial operations team added approximately 28 million MW hours during 2008 of baseload hedges covering the periods from 2009 to 2013. Looking across the years, our hedge levels for energy and fuel are largely in balance, thereby effectively locking in the dark spreads. In-city capacity market prices for 2008 have declined versus 2007 primarily for three reasons; NISO's New York City capacity mitigation plan for pivotal suppliers, increase in demand response from last summer, and changed bidding behavior of competitor generation as part of the Keyspan-National Grid merger. The majority of our in-city 2008 capacity had previously been hedged. This decline in market prices for rest-of-state New York resulted from the reduction of the installed reserve margin requirement from 16.5% to 15% that effectively decreased the UCAP requirement by 484 MW and continued PGM capacity imports of over 1200 MW. Similar to in-city capacity, a portion of our 2008 rest-of-state capacity had previously been hedged by our Commercial Operations team. Following a winter of coal price volatility, market prices for PRB 8800 have settled in at the $14 to $15 per ton price range, while the market for PRB 8400 is currently trading around $10 per ton. In addition to our 45-day coal inventory supply, our coal needs are nearly completely hedged through 2009. Since well over 90% of our coal needs are met with PRB coal and lignite, we have not experienced any unusual supply or reliability issues that have occurred recently in the market. We do import 0.4 tons of international coal, which have experienced delivery issues, which our coal team has addressed. Slide 8 provides the gross margin sensitivities to gas and heat rate movements. Compared to our year-end earnings call, the impact of our additional hedges can be seen in the reduced volatility natural gas movements will have on the portfolio's future margins. For 2009 and 2010, the gross margin portfolio impact of a $1 per million Btu natural gas price change has declined over 52% and 25% respectively, since our previous disclosure during our year-end call. The impact of heat rate changes on the portfolio's 2008 gross margin is relatively unchanged since year-end, and we continue to carry an open heat rate position into 2008. Forward heat rates in Houston, shown on the upper right-hand corner of the slide have declined reflecting the higher gas price environment and uncertainty of impact of possible new builds and the potential longer-term impact of wind generation. Slide 9 covers our significant Repowering and construction activities. Both the Cedar Bayou 4 and Cos Cob projects progress as expected during the quarter and remain on schedule and on budget. El Segundo initiated limited demolition work on retired units 1 and 2 in connection with its recent award, 550 MW PPA from Southern Cal Edison. The commercial operating date for Cos Cob is one month from today, followed by Cedar Bayou in June of 2009. The environmental projects in western New York in accordance with the consent decree to reduce SO2, NOx and particulates, have progress as expected. Tie-ins for the Huntley unit 67 and 68 will occur during the fourth quarter during scheduled outages and start up by year-end. Work on the Dunkirk units is targeted for completion in Q2, 2009 for units 3 and 4 and Q1, 2010 for units 1 and 2. Planning and finalizing cost estimates for the South Central environmental projects continued during the quarter. With the uncertainty around CAIR and CAMR requirements, we are delaying the environmental spend and have raised... and have revised our 2008 South Central environmental CapEx forecast downward, from $133 million to $69 million. I will now turn to Clint for first-quarter financial review.
Clint Freeland: Thank you, Bob. Starting on slide 11, NRG has a solid first quarter as the Company generated adjusted EBITDA of $525 million compared to $500 million in the first quarter of 2007. As David and Bob have indicated, our South Central region had an outstanding quarter and accounted for a significant portion of the Company's year-over-year gain. Cash flow from operations was $60 million versus $106 million in last year's first quarter, as cash collateral outflows, working capital adjustments, and timing of interest payments more than offset the improvement in adjusted EBITDA. I would note, however, that a significant portion of these cash of flows are timing-related, and we expect them to either reverse or be smoothed out during the year. Taking our first quarter into account, we've updated our forecast for the year and we're reaffirming our adjusted EBITDA guidance of $2.16 billion and cash flow from operations guidance of $1.5 billion for the full year. We continue to make progress on our 2008 capital allocation plan, as we completed $40 million in share repurchases and $143 million in debt repayments between the year-end earnings call on February 28, 2008 and the end of the first quarter on March 31. This brings aggregate share repurchases and debt repayments to $140 million and $454 million, respectively, under the 2008 capital allocation plan since its commencement in December 2007. As we look forward to the remainder of 2008, we intended to complete the capital structure portion of our capital allocation plan with the repurchase of an additional $160 million in common shares, settlement of the common stock call options related to the CSF-1 structure, and repayment of $68 million in consolidated project debt. The investment component of the 2008 capital allocation plan remains on track as well, as the Company invested a total of $71 million in maintenance and environmental CapEx in our existing fleet and $93 million in Repowering growth investments during the first quarter. In summary, the story for the first quarter is that we remain undeterred in the focused execution of our financial strategy, which includes regular return of capital to shareholders, reinvesting in the fleet, growth investments through Repowering NRG, and capturing value through incremental long-term baseload hedging. This is all made possible because of our unwavering commitment to the bedrock principle of prudent balance sheet management, which is evidenced by our strong and multifaceted liquidity program and manageable leverage profile. While the volatile and unpredictable financial and commodity markets we face today demonstrate the value of this approach, this company's commitment and my personal commitment to this principle will not change. Moving to slide 12, consolidated adjusted EBITDA during the first quarter of 2008 increased 5% to $525 million compared to $500 million in the first quarter of 2007. This $25 million improvement was primarily driven by an outstanding performance in the company's South Central region, where strong plant operations, sound cost-containment and efficient commercial operations drove a $28 million or 80% increase in adjusted EBITDA. Improved EFOR rates at our Big Cajun II facility led to a 12% increase in coal generation during the period. This coupled with only a 1% increase in co-op load requirements due to mild weather benefited the region in two ways. First, we were able to sell additional MW into higher-priced merchant markets. And second, we were able to reduce our power purchases by 22% to serve our load contracts. Additional upside in the region came from an increase in capacity revenues resulting from higher co-op peakloads last summer and new RPM payments for the region's Rockford facility. The West region's adjusted EBITDA more than tripled from $5 million during the first three months of 2007 to $17 million in the first three months of 2008. This $12 million increase was primarily attributable to capacity revenues generated by the company's Long Beach facility, which was successfully repowered in 2007 and placed into service on August 1st of last year. Adjusted EBITDA for NRG's Northeast region improved $4 million year-over-year. Capacity revenues for the business rose by $27 million, primarily due to the initiation of the RPM capacity market in PJM in June of 2007, a new RMR agreement at our Norwalk Harbor facility in Connecticut, and effective hedging of our New York capacity. These higher capacity revenues were offset, however, by lower net contract revenue and reduced merchant energy margins due to the retirement of Huntley 65 and 66 in June 2007. The Texas region's adjusted EBITDA was flat year-to-year at $292 million. That was a notable achievement, though, because contract prices under long-term power supply agreements inherited in the Texas Genco acquisition were, on average, $2 per megawatt hour lower this year compared to last year. The negative impact of these contracts, coupled with a one-time reserve for the settlement of a take-or-pay coal contract, was offset by an 8% increase in STP 1 and 2 generation, higher merchant energy prices, regularly scheduled sales of excess emissions credits, and reduced development expenses for STP 3 and 4. On January 1, 2008, NRG began capitalizing all new costs associated with STP 3 and 4, with the STP 3 and 4 project and that account for the decline in regional development expense. The $19 million decline in quarter-over-quarter EBITDA for corporate is due to lower interest income, increased Padoma expenses related to wind development activities, and inter-company elimination of emissions credit sales. So, taken as a whole, a solid start to 2008, with South Central hitting on all cylinders, the West region seeing the fruits of its repowering efforts, and the Northeast and Texas offsetting contract pricing pressure with strong plant and commercial operations performance. Moving to Slide 13 which outlines the company's cash flow during the first quarter, it's important to note for those who may be new to energy NRG that the company's EBITDA and cash flow tend to be seasonal with the majority of annual earnings being generated in the second half of each year. Turning to first quarter results, despite the increase in adjusted EBITDA, cash from operations declined by $46 million to $60 million for the first quarter of 2008. This decline was largely due to higher collateral postings, increased working capital and additional cash interest payments. Between year end 2007 and the end of the first quarter of 2008, NRG's net cash collateral postings rose by $150 million from $71 million at year end to $221 million, as the significant increase in commodity prices required us to post additional cash against our marginable commercial operations positions. At this time, we expect between $130 million and $140 million of this net cash collateral to be returned to NRG by year end as the underlying commodity positions settle during the year. Cash interest expense was higher during the period due to the timing of payments on the debt incurred with the hedge reset transaction in November 2006. While annual payments on the $1.1 billion note are scheduled for January and July of each year, the first payment after issuance was not due until July 2007. As such, we did not have an interest payment on those notes in January 2007, but we did in January 2008, which resulted in a negative variance to first quarter of last year of $42 million. This was partially mitigated by lower interest payments on the company's first-lien debt due to lower outstanding balances, lower underlying LIBOR rates, and a 25 basis point reduction in LIBOR spread. The reduction in cash from operations during the first quarter was significantly offset by a $21 million year-over-year reduction in maintenance CapEx resulting primarily from higher spend during the first quarter of 2007 related to one-time plant improvements at STP 1 and 2. If we exclude the effects of cash collateral, free cash flow from recurring operations increased slightly year-over-year from $138 million in 2007 to $143 million in 2008. Free cash flow for the company during the first quarter declined $103 million to negative $118 million, compared with the first quarter of 2007. Aggregate CapEx was $57 million higher during the first quarter of this year than the same period last year, primarily due to higher repowering investments, including $47 million in wind turbine payments related to our Elbow Creek development in Texas, $22 million for the Cedar Bayou 4 project, $12 million in capitalized costs for STP 3 and 4, and $10 million at El Segundo, in preparation for new construction next year to support a ten-year power purchase agreement recently awarded to the site. The impact of the $60 million in cash from operations, coupled with the $164 million in capital spend, can be seen on slide 14, which outlines the company's change in liquidity since year end 2007. Aggregate liquidity during the first quarter declined by $374 million from $2.715 billion at December 31, 2007 to $2.341 billion at the end of March 2008. $288 million of the decline in liquidity was due to the previously mentioned CapEx investments during the period, coupled with debt repayment and share repurchases. On March 25, 2008 NRG offered its first-lien lenders $146 million as required under the excess cash flow provision in its loan documents. As expected, virtually all of the offer was accepted, approximately $143 million. Turning to share repurchases, in March 2008, as the CSF-1 restructuring was being finalized, the company repurchased $40 million of common stock, or 938,000 common shares, at an average price of $42.65. This, together with the previously announced $15 million share repurchase in January 2008, brought total first quarter 2008 share repurchases to 1.3 million shares for total consideration of $55 million. Liquidity was further impacted by the issuance of an $87 million letter of credit in support of NRG's equity commitment to the Sherbino wind project, our 50%-owned joint venture in Texas with British Petroleum. This letter of credit will be returned to NRG once our full equity commitment has been funded, which is expected by year end. As highlighted on the bottom right of this slide, the liquidity numbers presented here do not include the net cash proceeds from the sale of ITISA, our Brazilian asset, on April 28, 2008. Gross proceeds received at closing were $288 million. However, we expect net after-tax cash proceeds to NRG to ultimately be approximately $200 to $210 million. Having a large and efficient liquidity program enabled NRG to continue to aggressively pursue value-accretive initiatives during the quarter, even in the face of a very challenging credit market. I would also note that the value of this program, coupled with improvements in the company's leverage metrics, was recently acknowledged by Moody's ratings agency, as they removed the negative watch from our corporate credit ratings and upgraded NRG's liquidity rating from SGL-2 to SGL-1. As we look forward to the rest of 2008, we are maintaining our annual EBITDA and cash flow from operations guidance as outlined on slide 15. One of the things that we will be keeping our eye on over the rest of the year is cash collateral movements, the expected roll-off schedule, and its impact on cash from operations guidance. While maintenance CapEx remains on target, we do expect environmental CapEx during 2008 to decline by $72 million, compared to previous guidance, primarily due to a delay in the start of environmental projects at Big Cajun II and Indian River. Our repowering investments guidance of $642 million includes repowering CapEx of $605 million, including $72 million for the recently announced El Segundo project, $87 million for our equity investment in Sherbino, offset by the $50 million investment in NINA by Toshiba. Therefore, we expect our free cash flow for the year to increase by $33 million from previous guidance from $249 million to $282 million. I would note that the positive impact of redeploying the net cash proceeds from the sale of ITISA is not reflected in this cash flow slide. So as we look out to the rest of the year, we expect to see continued strong free cash flow from recurring operations, before environmental and repowering CapEx, and a double-digit recurring free cash flow yield. Turning to Slide 16, we have made significant progress towards delivering on the targets outlined under the 2008 capital allocation program. To date, we have completed $140 million of the targeted $300 million in share repurchases.  We anticipate executing opportunistic share repurchases throughout the year for the remaining $160 million to reach our stated goal by year end. While we have completed the CSF-1 restructuring, pushing out the maturity of the financing to June 2010, we only extended the settlement of the embedded call option by 30 days to the end of December of 2008, and we intend to settle them at that time. We've also made significant strides in reducing our debt with a total of $154 million in repayments during 2008. This, coupled with the previously announced $300 million prepayment in December 2007, brings total debt reduction under the current plan to $454 million. We anticipate an additional $68 million in scheduled debt repayments, most of which are project-related, during the balance of the year. As I mentioned previously, our investment programs are all on track for the year, so as we move forward, we expect to meet or exceed the capital allocation targets we've put forth for this year. With that, I will turn it back to you, David.
David Crane: Thank you, Clint. Well, in a few minutes... I want to take a few minutes, before we open the lines for questions, to focus on one of our initiatives. If you turn to page 18, you'll see several of the long-standing corporate initiatives. These initiatives I think in many ways define NRG, and certainly they drive our efforts at value creation for all of our stakeholders. Today, I want to focus just a few comments on just one of these, and that's the activities of our Commercial Operations Group. I want to talk about the Commercial Operations Group this quarter because not only they had another exceptional quarter in this case hedging our assets, but they did so notwithstanding the unusually tumultuous market conditions that existed, as the problems on Wall Street, particularly the problems around Bear Stearns, from time to time infected the commodity markets. And in that regard, it's important that you understand what we do and what we do not do because, as prices rise and markets swing, it becomes inevitable that related commodity prices occasionally delink and correlations temporarily breakdown and this leads to mark-to-market swings in our accounting results, which given higher price levels and increased hedging activity, are somewhat bigger this quarter than previously. So if we turn to page 19, I want to start by reminding you of what our Commercial Operations Group is tasked with doing. Their mission is to systematically, but opportunistically reduce the risk inherent in being fundamentally long physical generation, in an immensely capital intensive, highly cyclical commodity business. They do this in multiple ways, through filling gaps in our load-serving obligations, managing basis risk, interfacing and taking our open position to market, procuring fuels and emission credits to the extent needed, and implementing our baseload hedging strategy. The Comm Ops Group also looks to capture the extrinsic value around our generating assets and the core commodities which we either use or produce at our plants and while we see ever-increasing value creation opportunities in this area, our activities remain closely tied, in terms of geography and scale to our own physical operations. On Page 20, I also want to remind you in very simple terms of the key commodity exposures associated with our business, which price direction favor us since they are not all intuitive and our general outlook with respect to heat. Leaving aside the all important natural gas question for a moment, rising heat rates and capacity price levels obviously are good for us, and the outlook is generally in the right direction in both of these areas, even though out-year heat rates have compressed substantially over the past few months and New York capacity payments have dropped as a result of regulatory changes affecting the New York market. Perhaps the most surprising aspect on this page actually has to do with SO2 prices. In recent months, SOX prices have dropped well below the cost of new scrubbers. The increasing disconnect between the cost of SOX credits and the cost of SOX compliance through the installation of new scrubbers has us reevaluating our compliance strategy around certain of our plants. And you'll be hearing more from us on this topic on future calls. Now, turning on page 21 to the most important topic for this call, which is natural gas. For at least the past two years, we entered the summer with a fundamentally bullish view on natural gas long-term, but a neutral to bearish view on gas prices short-term. This year is different; we enter the summer basically as a double bull, bullish short-term, bullish long-term. Short-term in some ways we think we're coming close to a perfect storm of bullish signals and let me just mention three. First, lower inventory as a result of a late cold winter and domestic supply disruptions at the independent's hub. Second, the prospect that unlike the last few years of either unseasonably hot early summer weather or an active hurricane season in the Gulf of Mexico. And third, the fact that, at present prices, it appears highly unlikely that spot LNG cargoes will keep the lid on this summer as they did last summer because of the higher spot prices for LNG in both Europe and Asia. Long-term, the fundamentals remain as they have been. International demand for transportable hydrocarbons continues to significantly outpace world supply and natural gas remains, as depicted by the graph on the right side of this slide 21, by far the cheapest hydrocarbon in and around the petroleum complex. Compounding the impact of robustly increasing international demand, the United States with its weak dollar and its addiction to cheap fossil fuels will increasingly have to resort to natural gas to meet its electricity demand growth, since non-natural gas-fired generation is simply not being added fast enough or on a sufficient scale to avoid substantially increased demand for natural gas over the short to medium-term. Turning to slide 22, our fundamental point of view on natural gas informs many different aspects of our business, but the most obvious and perhaps the most directly correlated to our future financial performance is the influence it has on how we execute our baseload hedging strategy. We have made it clear for many quarters that our intention was to fill out a substantially hedged baseload position, but to do it opportunistically during times of commodity price strength. As both Bob and I have discussed here today, after four quarters of virtually no baseload hedging activity, we made a very substantial 28 million megawatt hour move this quarter. What the graph on the left shows is that hedging activity took place in a substantially higher pricing environment than had existed during the previous four quarters. Beyond this, the point you should take away from this discussion is that NRG intends to act on its bullish point of view, with respect to natural gas, not simply by discarding its baseload hedge philosophy in favor of staying exposed to the market, but rather by substantially shifting northward the pricing points at which we intend to enter the market to fill our baseload hedge position. This, from our point of view, is best for our shareholders because, while the alternative staying way long to the market may have superficial appeal to those who like to stare into the distance at the mirage of open EBITDA. At NRG, we prefer to execute a strategy that leads to the reality of higher EBITDA, one that high gas price hedges are realized. Now, finally, in conclusion, I want to point out that, as always, there's much that remains for us to do. Summer is on the horizon and financially for us in this industry, summer is our Christmas season. This year looks like there's a potential for a significant gain, but everyone at NRG knows that it depends on our execution day in and day out. It's not so much the senior executives who sit here with me in this room, but the 3,000 men and women of NRG who make the machines hum every day who achieved this excellent first quarter result. So I want to thank all of them for a job well done, and I want to promise each of you on the phone that we will bring the same focus, dedication and professionalism to achieving strong results in the months and quarters to come. So operator, with that, I'd like to turn it over to you to open the lines for questions and answers. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Elizabeth Parrella, Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Parrella: Yes, thank you. One question for you... could you talk a little bit about your reasoning as to not updating your market EBITDA slide that you included in the last quarter's call?
David Crane: Clint?
Clint Freeland: Sure. Elizabeth, I think our thought, at this point, is to update the market EBITDA slide when we provide annual guidance, typically during the third-quarter earnings call. At that point, like we did last year, we provide our sensitivities for the year based on a number of different commodities. So we believe that should give you a pretty good view into the potential performance, on an open EBITDA basis, of the Company for the year. So, at this point, I think our intention would be to refresh that analysis when we provide 2009 guidance on the third-quarter earnings call.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. A question on a different area... you mentioned, with respect to your in-city capacity, that you had hedged I think you said the majority of it for 2008. There is obviously a big change between the '07 price and the '08 market-clearing price. Can you talk... give us a little bit more color on kind of relatively where your hedges are and also whether you've hedged any of it for 2009?
Robert C. Flexon: Elizabeth, we won't get to specifics on prices for 2008. We do have some hedges on 2009 as well, but certainly the majority of the hedges we have are in '08.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. Some, but it sounds like not a majority for 2009, would that be fair?
Robert C. Flexon: That's correct.
Elizabeth Parrella: Could I ask one other question, just in general on the hedging strategy? It's sort of a two-part question. Is there any kind of rule of thumb you can provide us in terms of sensitivity to additional collateral posting or sensitivity to changes in gas prices; how much collateral you would have to post on the current hedges? The other part of that question is can you just talk about what the capacity is under the first lien structure for doing more hedges?
David Crane: Well, on the first one, the sensitivity of cash collateral postings, relative to increases or changes in gas prices, is basically a $1 move in gas prices across the board from 2008 to 2014 which obviously would be an enormous move; would be about an incremental $65 million in margin postings. But again, that's gas. I mean, we obviously trade in some other commodities as well. On the first lien structure, Clint, do you want to talk about that?
Clint Freeland: I don't have the exact figures with me, but right now we have got pretty significant room left under the first lien hedge program. We can hedge up to 80% of our baseload capacity and typically the hedges that we do, the longer term strategic hedges are the hedges that are underneath that program. So, at this point I believe the numbers are in the 50% to 55% of that available capacity going forward.
Elizabeth Parrella: 50% to 55% available?
Clint Freeland: No. I am sorry, used... used to date.
Elizabeth Parrella: Used to date and that's like a five-year number, Clint, the 80%, like through 2013, or is it shorter than that or…
Clint Freeland: Actually I have the numbers here. Of the 80% amount that we can hedge under this program for 2009, we've used about 58% of that 80%. For 2010, we've used 55% of that 80%, and for 2011, we've used about half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan Eggers: Hi, good morning. Welcome aboard, Jonathan. The first question for you, if you could talk a little bit about the contraction in Texas heat rates, what that one does from an accounting perspective to hedges in place; and then, two, how that is affecting or changing your thought process for hedging out forward power, given that heat rate is quite a bit lower than what we've seen in the past.
David Crane: Well, let me hand that to Mauricio, because I'm not sure how much he's going to want to be telling you about the... our... how it's going to change our hedging strategy, but go ahead, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Well, I mean, this was another quarter where we saw compression in heat rates in Texas through 2013. I would say particularly on the north zone, which was more impacted by the uncertainty of wind generation. My general take is, this was driven primarily by the sharp increase in natural gas prices which tend to naturally compress heat rates and two is the uncertainty around the buildup of transmission in Texas. The latter, I think the relevancy is probably beyond this trading period, after 2012 and 2013. We continue to be bullish, and I think 2008 is an example of that. While heat rates decrease 2009 and beyond, 2008 heat rates increase significantly, which is more in line with our expectations, at least in the next three to five years.
Dan Eggers: Given the market concerns about transmission, wind, etc., does that have any impact on your longer-term reinvestment strategy for Texas as far as building new plants, or do you think the market is overreacting to these potential supply events?
David Crane: Well, I think this is... the question of the transmission build out to accommodate renewables in Texas is the big issue for the next few months. In some ways, I think there is a bit of an overreaction of the market. I think, as we look in terms of our asset position, if you think about the impact of wind long-term in Texas, it's certainly, again depending on how much transmission is going to be built, it certainly can nick our baseload generation, which is the center of our profitability in Texas. But I say nick because it would mainly impact our baseload generation off-peak and during the shoulder seasons. I think where it has more of a direct impact is on the seven heat rate combined cycle plants, and we don't have many of those. But there have been reports in the press about various people sort of looking, thinking twice about adding additional seven heat rate gas-fired combined-cycle plants. I think it would be fair to say, you to put us in that same category is that how much we would do of that certainly has to be taken into account, the wind impact.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from John Kiani from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kiani: Good morning.
David Crane: Good morning John.
John Kiani: I have a few questions. First, can you provide a little bit more color on the improved performance and EBITDA contribution from South Central?
David Crane: Yes. Do you want to ask all your questions first or do you want to... just so we can prepare ourselves?
John Kiani: Sure, sure. The second question is what's your latest view on MIBRAG and the potential monetization of that asset?
David Crane: Okay. You're going to limit yourself to two? Obviously you're scared of Nahla, okay.
John Kiani: I am very scared of Nahla.
David Crane: Bob, do you want to talk about South Central?
Robert C. Flexon: John, on South Central, when you look at the EFOR rates, and I think the plant has done a great job over the past several quarters of improving it, but this really just dates back several years of being more judicious and making sure that we're doing all of the preventive maintenance we're supposed to be doing. We are reinvesting where we need to be. We've got targets to make these plants just be top quartile or in Texas, top deciles; we just continually strive for it. Obviously, having the MW makes a significant difference for us and we are committed to drive these plants, run them well and maintain them well to get these types of performance rates.
John Kiani: And from a hedging perspective, it sounds like you all have done a good job of hedging the short position for the load following contract in the summer months out at least a few years. Is that safe to assume?
Robert C. Flexon: Yes, I think that's the other part of it, too, John, on the reliability, where we try to minimize the cycling of the plant down in South Central by having tolls to back up some of the peak periods when the plant has to run up or the off-peak where it comes down. We try to balance developer using those toll arrangements.
John Kiani: Okay, thanks. That's helpful.
David Crane: John, on your second point, I mean, we certainly are considering our MIBRAG options and we tend to these things with the international assets in sequence, number one. Number two, we are in a 50-50 partnership at MIBRAG and there's been a change in ownership of the 50% partner, last November and that has led subsequently to sort of occasional changes in personnel that we are dealing with. So, we would prefer to evaluate our options together with our 50% partner, because we've had trouble in the past trying to do something with the 50% partner not on board. So, we're looking at the situation, considering what our options are for value optimization, but it's gone a little bit more slowly than we thought. But we don't see any reason why we wouldn't be considering our options fully at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Scott Thomas [ph] of Neuberger. Please go ahead.
Scott Thomas: Good morning folks, can you hear me?
David Crane: Yes.
Scott Thomas: I just had a quick follow-up to Dan Egger's question from before. David, you mentioned, in your comments, about the effects of some of the financial players in the markets maybe derisking and selling off and maybe affecting some of the heat rates in PJM in those markets. Have you seen that more broadly in the Texas markets or in the West?
David Crane: So the question is specifically about whether, financial players in some distress are unloading positions because of financial distress and more in Texas than in PJM? Is that the…
Scott Thomas: Yes, just looking at the timing of when those heat rates may be moved down over the quarter, is there some... can you make some educated guesses about whether that was a factor?
David Crane: Well, Mauricio is much more at the coal phase on this one, so Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I would say that it hasn't spilled over to Texas, and my take is probably localized to the Northeast markets.
Scott Thomas: Okay, that was really it for me. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ficus Devlavetti [ph] of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ficus Devlavetti: Hi, good morning, guys.
David Crane: Good morning Ficus.
Ficus Devlavetti: Just... I know you guys are substantially hedged on your PRB purchases for a while, but any thoughts on how that market and its pricing may be evolving over the longer term, given what we've been seeing in the Eastern markets?
David Crane: Well, I don't think that... I would invite Mauricio if he has a different point of view, but focusing on Powder River Basin itself, we see limited ability for what's going on with the Eastern prices, in terms of the international demand, to actually pull Powder River Basin prices out of where they stand now. Over the medium to long term, we think, with Powder River Basin, it is going to come back to what it's always come back to... is making sure that the suppliers get a bit of a margin over their costs and their cost levels are rising. So, maybe that supports prices close to where they are. But we don't see them blowing off from here, and that's particularly the case for 8400 Powder River Basin coal which, as we demonstrated on slide 7, is the most substantial portion of our... of what we buy. Mauricio, do you... no, Mauricio agrees.
Ficus Devlavetti: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Silverstein, Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
David Silverstein: Hi, thanks for the comments on the ERCOT market. Just to touch base again on PJM, I know you guys don't have as many MW in the PJM market specifically, but what I was wondering is if you had any other theories as to why the sharp sell-off has occurred in PJM in the face of just rising coal and natural gas prices.
Mauricio Gutierrez: You know, I think, if you look at resource margins and pipeline form of generation, it continues to be fundamentally strong. I think this is probably just a short-term market trading dynamic.
David Silverstein: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Lasan Johong, RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong: I will ask two questions and then just shut up because I, too, am very scared of Nahla here. Essentially my two questions are, one is a matter of confusion because I'm a little puzzled as to how things are working in terms of your hedging policy. My understanding is that I think, David, you're correct, if you have a forward curve and you don't hedging against that forward curve, you're taking a view that prices are going to go above that forward curve. On the other hand, if you take the opposite of that and say, I'm going to hedge 100% against that forward curve, then the view would be that you don't believe prices will be going up above that forward curve, and so the markets are being foolish and you're going to lock-in that price now. How do you then juxtapose that position versus your position which I think is the correct one, that the natural gas fundamentals are very bullish? If you look at Slide 21, the gap between oil and natural gas per mmBtu equivalent is very low, and as you correctly point out, that's probably going to move up. So, then it doesn't quite jive between one picture and other side. That's my first question. The second question is, in your alliance with Toshiba, if I'm not mistaken, Toshiba has said they would do four nuclear power plants together with NRG. So, I'm wondering if the $3800 KW pricing that Toshiba is guaranteeing NRG would be extended to the other two projects and how Toshiba can achieve that if they don't know when these contracts would be signed and when the plant operations would start and when they would start building the assets. With that, I will just shut up and let you guys answer. Thank you.
David Crane: Well, those are two good questions. Let me tackle the Toshiba one first while it's fresh in my mind. First of all, I don't recognize the $3800 number. I think the number that we put for the actual EPC was a $2900 number. But what we've said is Toshiba, at this point is... it doesn't matter whether it's $2900 or $3800. Toshiba at this point is guaranteeing neither of those numbers. The reason they are not is for the very point that you raised, Lasan, which is no one can guarantee a number until they know when the plant is actually going to be built. The process that we've entered into with Toshiba, as it has with price, is to establish a price now as if the plant was going forward, which is built around again for the EPC, the 2,900, and then to have an open-book process with Toshiba on the key elements of the price until such time as we get the combined operating license from the NRC, which we expect sometime in late 2010 or 2011, at which point the price will be fixed. With any change that's been made from the baseline justified at that time and taking into account things that will also fluctuate between that time such as the exchange rate risk. So, that process is one which we think protects the owner from the fact that one of the issues you have in the permitting process is that you have to commit to someone who is going to build the plant virtually right upfront. It's virtually impossible, with the way the NRC approval process is, to have a meaningful competition between EPC suppliers at the time you get your combined operating license. So the process we've worked out with Toshiba is one that gives the owner the grace level of safety that we will not be in a position where, having spent several years and hundreds of millions of dollars of development expenditure, we finally get to that nirvana state where the NRC has provided us with a combined operating license and suddenly the EPC contractor shows up and said you know when I gave that indicative number of $2,500? Well, it's actually $7,500. Take it or leave it. So, that's what we worked out with Toshiba. The other thing I would mention is that what Toshiba has agreed to do with respect to the other two units sites is actually has to do not only with the price but the full suite of commercial terms, in terms of performance obligations, payment terms and things like that. And in projects of this size, these are very, very important commercial terms. So that's what we've worked out with Toshiba. On the hedging point, and again I will... you know, Lasan, I don't agree... I don't disagree with what you've said, but you've stated it in a very simplistic, binary way, either all in or all out. You know, what we're saying is that there is somewhat of a middle way. You have to keep in mind that we are sitting here with 23,000 megawatts of generation. The other IPP companies who also have significant generation, when they espouse the idea of staying open to the market, I don't really know what that means. I don't follow them that closely. But no one takes 23,000 megawatts into the day-ahead market. So sooner or later, you have to hedge. Our point is we are bullish on the market and we are now more bullish than we've been before. So we have worked out, amongst our team, pricing points, which the commercial operations team is going to enter the market and fill the position. And what I'm telling you today is that the whole range of pricing points over the course of the last three months, you know, we've shifted substantially northwards. So it should result in more actual EBITDA. Again, at this company, we emphasize actual EBITDA, not theoretical EBITDA, through an open market concept. You're right. I guess one consequence of that is that if the market continues to rise, obviously, you don't... you maybe not get the peak of the peaks, but we're convinced that with this market... I mean with this approach, we capture the higher EBITDA that comes out of natural gas prices over time, while insulating our shareholders to the fluctuations in the downward risk that always exists in this business and we've seen through several cycles in the past. Sorry, Lasan, for the long answer, but--
Lasan Johong: Not--
David Crane: I'm equally afraid of Nahla, so at this point, I will shut up.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Mitan Tahiya [ph] of Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Mitan Tahiya: Good morning.
David Crane: Good morning
Mitan Tahiya: Now, the bonds have come up to the 103, 104 level again, and obviously, last time the company tried to do the Holdco structure, but now the bonds, they're are above 101. Do you think it's possible that you might come back to get approval even if you don't fund the Holdco at this point?
David Crane: You know, that's something that we constantly think about. We always give thought to how to provide additional flexibility for capital allocation purposes. We have certainly noticed the rally in the high yield market and it's shone through in the prices for our bonds. But at this point, I would say that it's not kind of on the forefront of our thinking.
Mitan Tahiya: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Congrats on a good quarter. Really two questions... one on your hedging and hedging strategy. If you kind of look at page 22 and the implied gas price in some of your older hedges, it's pretty decently below where the current forward price of natural gas is. Are you considering at all another hedge reset type of initiative? That's question A. Question B is on coal and it's really on rail. Can you talk about trends you're seeing in terms of rail costs or rail contracting from the PRB to your plants or just from the PRB into the market in general?
David Crane: Clint, do you want to ask the... as the architect of the first hedge reset, do you want to talk about hedge reset Part Deux?
Clint Freeland: Hi Michael. We have gotten that question a couple of times and I think its fair, I guess the way that I would answer that is, is that, right now that would not be a priority for us. One of the issues that you as you get from a practical matter even if you decided that you wanted to do something is access to the debt market. I am not sure that the credit market would be there in the size that you'd need in an efficient and price competitive way to do that transaction. But even if it were, I would say that right now that would not be a priority for us. We think that at this point, the open EBITDA analysis that we provided really kind of demonstrates the type of EBITDA and cash flow flowthrough that you would see with the hedge reset. But I would just say right now it's not a priority for us.
Michael Lapides: And what are we seeing in the coal/rail markets, Mauricio?
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, clear to the trends you saw, you know, moving north and we expect that trend to continue. I guess that would be the short answer. I don't believe we have disclosed in the past our specific transportation costs, and we're not going to do that on a going-forward basis.
Michael Lapides: Okay. One follow-up and I will test Nahla here for a little bit. Going back to the guidance you gave and, Clint, I think you responded to this that annual guidance for '08 and more importantly the open kind of EBITDA guidance that you provided, I think it was around 3 billion on an open basis. I don't remember what the gas price was that was embedded in that and what the sensitivity to the gas price was that was embedded in that.
David Crane: You know, Michael, actually I don't have that sensitivity with me.
Clint Freeland: We will get that to you.
Michael Lapides: Okay, we will follow-up off-line. Thank you.
David Crane: Thanks Michael
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Chris Taylor, Evergreen Investments. Please go ahead.
Chris Taylor: Can you talk about heat rates, especially in Texas? Because the way I look at it, and correct me if I'm wrong, I mean, you've hedged away your gas price risk but you've left open, to a large extent, your heat rate risk. It seems like gas prices are going in your favor if you are unhedged, whereas heat rates are going against you, where you're not hedged. Is that a fair way of looking at your 2008 outlook?
David Crane: Well, I think it's a question of heat rates are expanding in 2008 and contracting in the out years. So it depends on what you're talking about in Texas. Is that --?
Chris Taylor: Well, the whole heat rate forward curve looks weird. I mean, what's happening in Texas? Why is Texas... is it really just wind power? What's happening to the heat rates in Texas? Just give us a whole overview there.
David Crane: Well, go ahead, Mauricio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I guess we covered it, but I will expand again. I think we do agree with you that the heat rates look weird through 2013. I think it's probably an overreaction on the uncertainty of the transmission build-out to support I guess the potential wind generation in West Texas. If you look specifically at 2008, our heat rates have increased significantly. I think that is probably more in line with what we can expect, at least from now through 2011, 2012 when that transmission could potentially come online. I mean, we maintain our bullish view on heat rates and I think that is consistent with our hedge position.
David Crane: If I could just... Chris, I don't know how long you've followed heat rates in Texas, but you know, there was a similar phenomena a couple of years back after TXU announced they were going to build an enormous number of baseload coal plants. You know, it actually crushed the heat rates in Texas in years far beyond when any human being could conceivably build a coal plant. So, I mean in a sense we're seeing the same thing. And I think that the market will get better knowledge about when the transmission could be built and how much will get built as the PUCT this summer goes through their hearings and makes a decision on how much transmission to build. But as Mauricio says, we know of no plan that provides for substantial transmission of additional transmission to bring the wind power from West Texas into the populated parts of the state, certainly now into the south zone before 2012. So, why heat rates before 2012 would be crushed over that. You know, it is hard for us to understand. The other phenomenon that we've seen is that heat rates in all markets tend to compress temporarily when forward gas prices are shooting up. But that's not a phenomenon that would be limited to Texas at this point. That would probably also explain [inaudible] degrees in Northeast.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And short-lived. I mean, power tends to lag gas and at one point, we will catch up.
David Crane: Yes. So, we are not overly concerned about this, but you're right. We are speaking during moments of heat rate aberration. Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Elizabeth Parrella of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Parrella: Thanks for allowing me a follow-up. I guess I must not be sufficiently scared of Nahla.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Parrella: I just wanted to ask Clint if he could give us an update on the level of the restricted payments basket.
Clint Freeland: Sure, Elizabeth. As of the filing of the Q, we will have about $150 million in restricted payments capacity.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. Thanks all to you very much.
David Crane: Thank you, Elizabeth, and thank you all for participating in the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. You may now disconnect your line, and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-04 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the NRG Energy's Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. But, following the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Also note that today's conference is being recorded. And now I would like to turn the meeting over to Ms. Nahla Azmy. Please go ahead.
Nahla Azmy: Thank you Sophie. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter 2007 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished with the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay and podcast of the call will be posted on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and the question-and-answer session will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor Statement, during the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, in the press release, and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is February 28, 2008, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the Company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, to 1most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of these figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And now with that I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla and good morning everyone. I am joined here today as usual by Bob Flexon, our company's Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Howell, Head of Commercial Operations; Drew Murphy, our General Counsel, Krishnan Kasiviswanathan, our Chief Risk Officer, John Ragan, our Northeast President. Northeast region had a phenomenal year last year and for reasons that should be obvious from anyone who has read the earnings release by Clint Freeland and Maurizio Guacharo. This is the call... first call of the year where we normally set the stage for the year ahead and we are going to do some of that. We're also going to talk about the changes in the orientation that were announced in the press release today, because they are a little bit out of the ordinary, but as I said in the press release today. These are evolutionary changes rather than revolutionary changes in the way that company is organized and this is actually the end of an organizational process rather than the beginning and that these changes were determined and decided upon last July and we've been working through to this conclusion today. So, I am going to be referring as we go through the presentation to slides which appear on the website and I'll be referring to those. So, stay on slide three, table of content. Actually after 15 quarters of using the same format in the last few quarters, we have actually not even had a table of content, so our only remark now is that this is actually the orientational format that we will be using going forward. I will be giving the operational review this quarter but in subsequent quarters it will be given by Bob Flexon and so lets begin. On slide 4, since we have a lot of information to go over today as always and there is a lot of information on our earnings release, I want to fly for you the three things that I think are most important about today's announcement. First, with respect to the company's full year 2007 financial performance, to me the key number is $1.25 billion, that's our free cash flow results before special environmental projects and growth CapEx. This healthy result which exceeds our guidance meets directly to the double-digit free cash flow yield, which you can find tabulated in Bob's section of the presentation and which remains the fundamental investment proposition of this company. I have said on these calls and in many one-on-one meetings in the past, we managed this business for cash and this result proves that 2007 was no exception. Second, while our company has adopted a slightly more conservative posture with respect to our liquidity in light of the current capital market environment, we have never been more strongly positioned both from the point of view of our current liquidity and in terms of how we collateralize our commercial operations activities. Perhaps, more importantly the current capital market environment has not effected our commitment, which we first made approximately one year ago to return to our shareholders on an annual basis at least 3% of our market cap either by way of a share buyback or through common stock dividend. And indeed, we are disclosing today that we have already begun the share buyback program for 2008 having repurchased $100 million worth of our shares in the last few months, of course, prior to entering the current close period. And third, while the development process for new power plants particularly those involving new technologies remains very lengthy, we made meaningful progress across almost all of our development efforts in 2007 and we are positioned to put further distance between us and our competitors in this area in 2008. Moving to slide 5, in 2007 you can see some of the highlights of how we executed across our major areas of day-to-day business. I can't go over all of these because of time, but would like to highlight a couple of items. First of all, in terms of asset sales, as we have always told you we are always looking to optimize our asset portfolio both core and non-core. With respect to non-core assets, our record has been to act deliberately to ensure that we realize maximum value and that has worked for us through more than 20 asset disposals which we have carried out over the last four years. Almost all of which have exceeded market expectations in terms of sales proceeds. This is the approach we have taken with respect to our Brazilian project, ITISA in recent months. We have a binding sales agreement for $288 million and we expect when that project closes to be able to repatriate to the United States about $250 million net cash. The project is not yet closed, we expect it to close by the end of second quarter. Not all approvals have been obtained yet but we are confident as to what has been obtained, that there is no obstacle that we see to closing out this transaction. With respect to safety, NRG ended 2007 with an initial recordable injury rate of 1.6 to the 20% improvement and well beyond the 2006 industry average of 3.9. This is an important milestone for our company because 1.6 processing the top quartile within the power industry. This great result was achieved only by an all hands on deck effort at all NRG locations and at all levels of the organization. I want to commend everyone at NRG for their contribution to this result and I want to particularly commend the plans that either are participating in the OSHA Voluntary Protection Program at this time or are going through the lengthy application process now. In terms of plant operations, there was an equally broad and deep level of accomplishment across our fleet. So, again I can only note a couple of the two highlights. The first is that we contributed mildly to keeping the lights on in Southern California, first through our timely completion of the emergency repowering of the Long Beach plant in time to support included during the late summer heat waves, where the plants made 36 starts with 99% of reliability. And secondly during the late fall California wildfires, which disrupted transmission in the San Diego County forcing the Carlisle to rely totally on the very limited in county generation like ours to keep the lights on. Similarly in New York City our Arthur Kill plant was repeatedly dispatched as a mail order. So much so that the energy production for the year was up 97% and the plant responded with admirable reliability. The other highlight that I want to mention was our South Texas nuclear plant. At this point, everyone knows that we've applied to build a new nuclear plant at STP, STP 3 and 4. But quite distinct from that effort is the exceptional work the STP operating team has done with STP 1 and 2. I could recite the numerous operational words that this plant received in 2007 but suffice it to say that for the year STP was again the top generating two unit sites in the United States. These special performances feed in to the fleet performance statistics which appear on page 6. Although, our 2007 base load equivalent for solid rate performance was down year-on-year, it remained much better than two years ago. I don't intend to try and explain this result away to you because as a company which bases it's operations on a philosophy of continuous improvement, we are not happy they have taken a step backward from 2006 to 2007. And we hope and expect to change the direction of this bar chart in 2008. However, there are two significant mitigating factors. The first is that only four out of the 20 operating core units in our fleet had a preponderance of the unsatisfactory E-4 performance. This allows us to concentrate our focus on those units as we troubleshoot the problems. The second mitigating factor is as demonstrated in the upper left, one of our principal for NRG objectives was to capture nameplate base load capacity. And our achievements in this area had a positive impact that exceeded the impact of the incrementally higher E-4 rates. Despite the E-4 results our total fleet generation was up year-on-year. The substantial increase in production in STP I already mentioned is noteworthy, but also there is the enormous decrease in energy sales from our Texas gas plants. This has nothing to do with the reliability of those plants, but was a result of the extraordinarily wet and mild summer in Texas last year. We expect our Texas gas unit to do much better in 2008 assuming normalized summer weather. And finally, on this slide I want to talk a bit about our coal inventory because I know that the coal world is abuzz with red hot coal pricing that people are telling you will last forever. As you can see from this chart, our aggregate inventory levels stand at approximately 45 days as of the end of January. We opportunistically increased our inventory prior to the current run up in coal prices. And if you now turn over to slide 7, you will see our total fuel position longer term, 100% contracted for 2008, 93% for 2009, 64% for 2010, and so on. And please keep in mind as you consider our exposure to higher coal pricing that Eastern Coal represents only a fraction of the coal that we consume. It is so little in fact that less than 1 million tons a year of Eastern Coal that we use is subsumed in this table on the lower right in the category labeled other. The other important point, you need to understand about NRG and coal consumption is that even among Powder River Basin coals NRG uses much more 8,400 BTU coal than 8,800 coal. And 8,400 BTU coal is even less suited to the international on the Eastern Coal markets than the 8,800, and has resulted and subject to considerably less pricing pressure in recent months. The other point I want to make on slide 7 is actually about the non-event. You will note if you compare our hedging chart on the left to the one that we showed last quarter there has been essentially no change in our hedging profile. This means that it's been almost a year since we engaged in significant additional hedging activity, and to me that is the beauty of our strategy. We can sit out the market when gas and storage is high and gas price volatility is low as they both have been and as such we consider ourselves a patient ball waiting for the time when strong fundamentals and weather push gas prices above our targets enabling us to lock in long-term prices at favorable levels. On slide 8, this slide goes hand in hand with the prior hedging slide and again, there is very little change. We've the fundamental short-to-medium term risk posture that we think provides the best risk adjusted return to our shareholders, low-to-moderate gas price sensitivity over the next few years and much greater exposure to increases and base load heat waves. Now turning to slide 9, I want to highlight one another benefit of our hedging strategy which is highly topical at this point in time. We run sensitivities of our earnings general economic recession using the 1990 recession as our guide because we think that recession is more similar to what the country is facing now. But, on the assumption that the expected recession that we face now would be significantly longer and harder than the one that occurred in 1990. On these assumptions, the negative impact on our 2008 EBITDA would be significantly less than 1% of the total. I also want to point out that, you know, while not being an economist or an expert on these things, I ask the question, how much of the recession we'll face in two of our core regions, Texas and Louisiana with crude oil prices hovering at a $100 per barrel even if there is a national recession? But all the same, impact on us less than 1% of our EBITDA in 2008. As such, I think it's fair to say that while NRG may not be recession proved, we are highly recession resistant. These discussions are merits of our hedging strategy over the past few slides provides an appropriate point of departure for me to discuss the management changes that are being announced today. I am firmly convinced that this company and you as shareholders have benefited enormously from the hedging strategy including the hedge reset of November 2006, which was implemented by our commercial operations group over the past three years. While speaking on these quarterly calls and otherwise and to investors and one-on-ones in that industry conferences we generally have not sought to feature the invaluable role played by our comm ops team in the success of this company. We have kept a low key because comm ops generally doesn't like to give any signals to the market as to what they are thinking and also a little bit more selfishly for reasons of human resource retention we don't like to flaunt to the market how good our team is. So, when we board that tact to go wider and basically say that NRG has the most capable asset base trading and marketing team in the business. And the person who has built that team and led it to considerable success that it and we have achieved is Kevin Howell. What has also impressed me in working with Kevin over the past three years is not only what he and his team has achieved but also how they have achieved it. As AEP and others found out several years ago, there is considerable challenging grafting or developing a hyper aggressive and self interested trading and marketing team on top of it generating asset base and a power plant company culture. Kevin has built a team that functions effectively and pretty much harmoniously along side our plant operations. This has taken a Gus touch with respect to personnel both his own team and his colleagues and Senior Management. I can say I have learned more about personnel management from Kevin Howell then I have from any other single person in my entire career. It is these management qualities that cause me to ask Kevin to take on the role of Chief Administrative Officer. A post from which he will be responsible for ensuring that NRG has all the capabilities that we need both in terms of software and by that I actually mean the right people and hardware to realize all the extraordinary opportunities that currently are presented to us in our marketplace. With Kevin in-charge I am confident that we will have the tools that we need to achieve our destiny as a company. Now before I see the floor to Bob Flexon for his 16th and last quarterly turn as the Chief Financial Officer of NRG Energy, I want to take a quick look back of what has been accomplished on his watch. I could think of no more fitting testament to Bob Flexon then as you might say to go to the numbers. Slide 10 attempts through a long series of financial metrics to show that financial strength of this company at the time of Bob's arrival in early 2004 and where we are now. I know of no other Chief Financial Officer certainly not in this industry who have achieved so much starting with so little in such a short time as Bob Flexon. Now reassuringly large numbers, you on the phone have been with us since the beginning and have witnessed the financial strengthening of this company over the past four years. I know you don't need to be convinced of what Bob Flexon has accomplished with this company and this balance sheet. And he assures me that the company's progress in this area has been so obvious that there are only three people in the whole financial world who don't get it. Unfortunately as you can tell from the bottom at this page, those three people are named Mr. Standard, Mr. Poors and Mr. Moody's. When I think that we have one major rating agency that has not acknowledged any improvement in our financial conditions since our inception and we have another major rating agency that has had us on negative outlook for 14 months notwithstanding our $2.7 billion of current liquidity, I am literally at a loss for words. But maybe my speechlessness is a function of what my daddy used to say, David, he would say, never try to rationalize the irrational, never try to defend the indefensible. Anyway trying to get back on the high road here, it's been my immense honor and pleasure to work with Kevin and Bob in their current positions as they are Head of Commercial Operations and CFO respectively and I look forward with great anticipation to working with them in their new positions as Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Now I know, I probably should say something at this point in time about Clint and Maurizio only because they are both sitting here at this room looking at me. But rather than sing their praises now I would rather do that after they prove themselves to you the owners of this company. But I would say that they have been a big part working with their teams and with their extremely capable colleagues, they have been a big part of this success for this company today. And suffice it to say that the three of us, Kevin, Bob and myself have total confidence that they will succeed in their new positions and they have our full support. So, with that I'll turn it over to Bob Flexon.
Robert Flexon: Thank you David and good morning. Today I'll provide our customary review of the fourth quarter and full year 2007 financial performance, update our guidance for 2008, and set forth our 2008 capital allocation plan along with the necessary implementation steps. Also in response to request for the first time I'll provide adjusted EBIT information on our portfolio assuming a limited to unhedged position. Slide 12, provides an overview of our financial performance and plans. 2007 adjusted EBITDA of $2.28 billion was well in excess of our initial 2007 guidance of $2.05 billion with $20 million below our November 2007 target of $2.3 billion primarily due to the impairment of two commercial paper investments and higher than expected outage cost in December. Although full year adjusted EBITDA came in slightly below November guidance, our free cash flow from recurring ops exceeded our November target coming in at $1.25 billion. The 2007 recurring free cash flow yield was a very healthy 12.8%. As we typically do, our capital allocation plans for 2008 are off to an early start with the December 2007 launch and January 2008 completion of $100 million of common share repurchases. In addition, our Board authorized in February 2008 an additional $200 million in share repurchases, which we expect to be complete by November 2008. On December 31, 2007, we prepaid $300 million of our term loan B, by doing so we achieved a corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratio as defined in the credit agreement below 3.5 to 1. By achieving this threshold the company benefits by receiving a 25 basis point step down and the interest rate charge from $2.8 billion term loan B and $1.3 billion synthetic LC facility. Slide 13 provides additional high level financial comparisons for the 2007 results. The left hand side of the slide shows the free cash flow and the primary reason for the actual result is $75 million higher than guidance excluding collateral. As I noted a moment ago, the free cash flow yield on primary shares outstanding was 12.8%, while the fully diluted calculation resulted in a yield of 11.2%. Adjusted EBITDA for 2007 was $2.279 billion, a 52% increase or $779 million higher compared to 2006. We were $21 million below guidance mainly due to the commercial paper impairment of two investments and higher than expected outage cost. Liquidity has improved dramatically from last year while our net debt-to-capital ratio also showed significant improvement as compared to 2006. For a more detailed look at the fourth quarter results please turn to slide 14. The fourth quarter 2007 adjusted EBITDA results increased $182 million to $518 million compared to 2006. The current quarter revenues and margins benefited from $169 million increase in the Texas region from the November 2006 contract hedge reset. Energy margins for the quarter increased by a $149 million as the increase in revenue from the hedge reset was slightly offset by lower prices from bilateral contracts and other merchant energy sale. Generation in the Texas region was up a net 297,000 megawatt hours, this increase in generation quarter-over-quarter reflected exceptional operating performance at STP contributing 577,000 megawatt hour increase, which was partly offset by reduced gas plant generation as slightly lower coal fire generation from unplanned outages at Limestone and WA Parish. The Northeast reported improved results compared to 2006 for the fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $113 million, a $51 million increase from the $62 million reported in last year's fourth quarter. The quarterly adjusted EBITDA improvement was driven by increased energy margins and capacity revenue. Energy margins benefited from higher prices and increased generation. At Indian River, generation increased 23% as demand rose from favorable pricing in colder weather in December. While the generation increased 96%, while capacity revenues in the northeast region increased by $26 million for the quarter mostly due to the transition capacity market in EPU which started in December of 2006 and the new RPM capacity market in PJM, which started in June of '07. South Central's fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA declined by $35 million compared to 2006. Energy margins were $30 million lower during the quarter mostly due to the major plant outage of Big Cajun unit 3, higher coal cost, and higher transmission cost. The outage resulted in lower merchant sales and required increased purchase power to fill our load requirements. Development expenses in the fourth quarter are $28 million lower than the fourth quarter of '06 as we received a $39 million reimbursement from our partner CPS for development expenses for the STP 3 and 4 nuclear project. As I noted earlier, we recognized during the quarter an $11 million impairment on two commercial paper investments. These losses on previously highly rated paper were triggered by the liquidity constraints in the money market at the time of the fall and the issuers inability to refinance its maturing commercial paper. Our cash is currently invested in money market funds backed by U.S. treasuries. Our full year's earnings comparison are illustrated on slide 15, our adjusted EBITDA excluding mark-to-market activity grew $777 million with many of the same factors that influence our three month comparisons also appearing in the 12-month comparison. Again the Texas revenues attributable to last November's hedge reset and the Northeast capacity revenue programs and the significant increase in development spending are the primary factors. These and other key contributors to the year-over-year improvement include $123 million and $8 million for the full year inclusion of Texas and West regional results respectively. $594 million from the year-to-date impact of the hedge reset on Texas contract revenue, $170 million higher Northeast margins due to the combined impacts of higher generation and higher realized prices within the region. $130 million of increased capacity revenues of which $80 million was in the Northeast and $65 million increase in net development expenses mainly to support STP coal submission, which was a net cost after reimbursement of $52 million in 2007. In the Texas region again from the hedge reset, higher base load generation of $1.4 million megawatt hours and higher merchant margins on bilateral fields executed by our comm ops group helped to offset 35% decline in Texas gas generation and reduce contract revenue resulting in increased energy margins of $577 million year-over-year. O&M expenses within the Texas region increased by $30 million mainly due to increased average and other cost at our Parish facility and the gas plants and increases in property taxes. Northeast gross margins benefited from 6% increase in generation due to colder weather in 2007 versus 2006, higher realized prices, increased capacity revenues, and increased generation at afforestation. Average realized power prices in the Northeast rose an average 9% compared to last year. This combined with 6% increase in Northeast generation lead to $170 million increase in energy margins. Capacity revenues in the Northeast increased by $81 million in 2007 when compared to 2006, $39 million in EPU primarily from new LFRM market in transition, capacity payment introduced in the fourth quarter of '06, $36 million in PJM mostly from the IPM market which started on June 1, 2007. Net sales of excess emission allowances for the entire company decreased by $32 million due to the combination of increased generation in the Northeast and decreased market prices. Development cost for Repowering projects totaled $101 million including $52 million for STP after recognizing the $39 million of reimbursement and $17 million for wind project. G&A cost increased by $26 million year-over-year exclusive of January 2007 for Texas, due to higher wage and benefit cost triggered over the higher corporate head count and wage benefit increases. Franchise taxes in Louisiana increased by $5 million, due to the higher levels of the company's capitalization from the Genco acquisition. Free cash flow generation remains the core strength of this company as illustrated on slide 16. Although slightly below adjusted EBITDA guidance, free cash flow from recurring operations was $38 million higher than guidance primarily due to $43 million in higher than forecasted working capital improvement fully offsetting the $37 million greater than expected collateral requirements and $21 million in lower maintenance CapEx primarily due to project delays and lower than expected cost. Recurring free cash flow yields for 2007 were 12.8% and 11.2% on basic and fully diluted shares outstanding. Repowering CapEx was lower than guidance due to the timing of wind power investments. As shown on slide 17, the combination of the free cash flow results in our active management of the balance sheet and credit facilities resulted in the company's 2007 year-end liquidity increasing over 2006 by nearly $500 million. Even more impressive is that this increase is net of the $200 million reduction we made to the LC facility during 2007. Primary cash uses during the year included debt repayments of $408 million and common share repurchases of $353 million. As we reported in Q3 the company now has the rate under its credit agreement to grant a first lien collateral position to commercial trading counter parties. During the third quarter, existing counter parties are transferred to a pari-passu first lien collateral position from the second lien position in exchange for the return of previously issued letters of credit. This transfer resulted in the return of $557 million in letters of credit. Since year-end an additional counter party has moved to the first lien position resulting in an additional $65 million of LC's being returned to the company. Our initial 2008 full year adjusted EBITDA outlook provided last November was $2.2 billion as shown on slide 18. To reflect the planned sale of our Brazilian subsidiary ITISA, we are removing the prospective second 2008 adjusted EBITDA contribution from our current year's guidance. ITISA had been expected to contribute approximately $40 million to the 2008 guidance, therefore our 2008 adjusted EBITDA guidance from recurring operations is now $2.16 billion. Our cash flow from operations guidance for 2008 remains at $1.5 billion, despite the drop in EBITDA from ITISA. This is due to an expected $42 million increase in return collateral compared to the $3 million return originally estimated. The decrease in cash interest cost reflects the extension of our non-recourse sub CSF 1 which I will cover shortly. Forecasted maintenance CapEx decreased by $17 million as we finalize our 2008 capital spending plan. The changes in environmental and Repowering investments from initial guidance are related more to the timing of projects primarily wind power rather than project scope changes. In response to request, slide 19 is a high level look at market EBITDA across our portfolio. While the application of market or open EBITDA varies from company to company, our objective here includes being transparent on items included, excluded, and how the numbers are derived. On the left hand side is our 2008 guidance which is based on market price curves adjusted for the hedged profile of the portfolio. At the bottom towards the right indicates the 2008 adjusted EBITDA guidance at 2.5 to $1 billion reflecting for the most part an unhedged profile using price curves as of December 31, 2007. The three budge to bridge the difference represents the impact of three primary groups of hedges; financial derivatives, normal purchase and sales contract, and South Central load contracts. The value ascribed to each of these three bars are based on December 31, 2007 market base price curves contained in our highly controlled risk system that supports our financial statements as well as our risk monitoring system. The indicative market price that is used at December 31, 2007 are shown in the grey box at top right hand side of the slide. In reality, hundreds of specifically tracked price curves within our risk valuation and monitoring systems are used to value the underlying positions. I have included the same indicative code of price curves as of February 25, 2008 as a comparison to the curves of December 31, 2007. Using the sensitivities provided in the blue box, you can adjust the market EBITDA for the various curve movements, for example the impact for the natural gas and coal price changes between the days of December 31, 2007 and February 25, 2008 results in the market EBITDA of $3.17 billion or $647 million increase. The EBITDA ratio in this example would be approximately 5.6 times. For clarity of disclosure certain contracts and transactions were excluded from the market EBITDA calculation such as the west region tolling agreement, the RMR contracts in EPU, nuclear fuel contracts, transportation contracts, and certain transmission contracts. The net derivative assets that are in the money in 2008 flip to a liability in subsequent years for a total net derivative liability of $473 million. The roll of schedule of the derivative liability is disclosed in our 10-K. The normal purchase of sales contracts which include coal, power and capacity contracts are below market at December 31, 2007 by $573 million with nearly 9% of the contract rolling off by the end of 2009. Going forward we will assess the value of providing this type of disclosure along with ways to improve it in future calls. Slide 20 provides a review of the capital allocated in 2007, consistent with our philosophy of pursuing a balanced approach highlighted are our primary allocation objective. During the year NRG invested almost $300 million in the existing fleet for maintenance and environmental CapEx and a light amount for RepoweringNRG initiatives including both direct investment and development spending. Simultaneously NRG continued to return capital to both debt and equity investors in roughly equal amount by repaying $408 million in debt and buying back $353 million in common stock. As outlined in the past our objectives continue to target a net debt to capital ratio of 45% to 60% of maximum corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratio of 3.5 and return of capital to shareholders of approximately $250 million to $300 million per year. Slide 21 provides the capital allocation plan for 2008. As we begin 2008 our objectives remain the same, achieving balance across the program. Due to increasing environmental CapEx requirements we expect investment in the existing fleet to increase to $563 million net of tax exempt financing. At the same time we anticipate investing $321 million in Repowering growth initiatives net of non-recourse financing. Concerning debt management, NRG is committed to offering $446 million to its first lien lenders as part of an excess cash flow offer provision in its existing credit agreement and paying down an addition of $129 million in other debt primarily a capital lease. Since we believe that our lenders would accept a 100% of the required excess cash flow offer upon filing of our 10-K, we accelerated the repayment of our term loan B debt and prepaid $300 million on December 31, 2007. As a result of this payment we achieved the required leverage ratio resulting in a 25 basis points reduction, $300 million pre-payment will be credited against the required offer to first lien lenders resulting in a $146 million offer to lenders in the first quarter. For the capital return to shareholders, we also accelerated the initiation of the 2008 share buyback plan by purchasing $100 million of common shares during December and the first week of January 2008 at an average price of $41.99. In February 2008, the Board authorized to purchase an additional $200 million in share buyback bringing the total 2008 program to the targeted level of $300 million. We expect to complete these three purchases by November 2008. In order to have the necessary restricted payment for our free capacity under bond indentures to complete the authorized share repurchases, NRG and Credit Suisse have agreed to extend the maturity date of CSF 1 from October 2008 to June 2010, while the maturity date of the CSF 1 debt is being pushed out an additional 20 months, the call options in the structure will expire during November and December 2008, an extension of 30 days enabling the restricted payments capacity addition from the third quarter 2008 net income to be available for option settlement. By pursuing this refinancing NRG retains 100% of the upside associated with CSF I structure after the option settlement and shift the use of the RP capacity from debt repayment to common stock repurchases. As we look forward we see a clear path generating sufficient restrictive payments capacity to facilitate the return of at least $300 million prior to shareholders in 2008 and 2009. As slide 22 illustrates, with the natural expansion of the RP basket in 2008 from net income that was expected to be greater than $300 million combined with CSF I debt extension to 2010, we have sufficient RP capacity to complete the additional $200 million in share repurchases during 2008. The remaining capacity in 2008 currently estimated a greater than $130 million after settlement of the CSF I call options coupled with significantly higher basket additions in 2009 due to a higher expect net income to provide adequate RP rooms to deliver our targeted return to shareholders next year as well. Should additional capacity be needed NRG may consider extending the maturity of the CSF II structure currently scheduled for October 29 or may pursue other alternatives if March conditions allow. As my tenure as CFO at NRG is done, I am certainly proud of the many accomplishments our team has achieved recognizing that many more accomplishments remain in our future. As CFO I have had three goals [indiscernible] NRG in March 2004. Build a best in class financial team and control infrastructure that safeguards the investments of our stakeholders. Prudent balance sheet management that provides an ongoing returns to debt and equity holders and deliver our numbers. The people within CFO organization are very talented and very dedicated while time doesn't permit me to individually name everyone I would like to recognize for their contributions, I do want to recognize three of my direct reports who have been with me from the start; Carolyn Burke, Jim Eanglsti [ph] and Raymond Sword [ph]. I look forward to my new responsibilities, knowing my previous roles is in very good hands with Clint Freeland at the helm. I will now turn it back to David.
David Crane: Thanks Bob. I know we have already taken up a great deal of time and those of you who were looking at slideshow are experiencing an anxiety that we are going to turn this into a Fidel Castro length earnings call. And as you look at those I know, if you don't need it I could spend an hour of course talking about these. I promise you now that I am not going to do this. Each of these things is highly important to our strategy and to the success of processes. Well I am going to say this, we are going to come back with this... whether industry or banking accounts for the response we ordered and we will find it and an appropriate formulation after all these topics has been thoroughly secured and if time is appropriate let me just make a few comments on these on the page starting with slide 24. As you all know and as you all are experiencing, in times like this when the rate is negative, that people see the negative view volatile portion. That is why I believe in NRG stock that is sort of target. And there are couple of things, but first any private legislation can be enacted is effective in financial advantage. I will walk into the end of next decade, it has to be and if we do nothing. And unlike many other companies, we chose not to adopt wait and see as we are aggressively pursuing compensation strategies that I outlined clearly at this time. Impending a carbon regulation from a very modest negative to a significant positive in the long term. Worth of a lavish focus on carbon has overlooked over the past few months is that there at least four dynamics underway in our industry, which are more immediate, more certain, and more impactful of carbon risks and all 4 of them are highly and inherently positive to NRG. These four are higher 4 gas prices, higher heat rates, new sources of capacity payments and the other increasing cost of new entrants, which tends to lift all boats in directly when it comes to income empowered generation. Not only are these four trends positive for NRG but we are not just a passive price taker with respect to these trends. As we try to depict on this slide we are pursuing a variety of programs make sure that we capture these trends to the fullest extent of our potential. One of the ways we do that is through RepoweringNRG and turning to slide 25, I want to actually start here with a bit of housekeeping. We announced this program in June of 2006 with an initial line up of 19 projects comprising 10,000 gross megawatts and costing at time an estimated $16 billion. While we said at that time that was a dynamic program and the projects would be added and others would be dropped and that we certainly would not achieve 100% success and I believe the analyst in the markets understood and believed all that. The original numbers that we have attached to the program, the 10,000 megawatts and the $16 billion, we fear is becoming etched in stone. So, to avoid that we are updating this list and we intend to do this once a year, and we are calculating the current estimate of the cost of the program. And there are three and so you can see that on the slide and there are three main points that I think you should take away from this update. The first is that while there is no definitive trend in the make up of the program our portfolio of new projects is definitely trending from black to green, from coal to new carbon. Second, is that true to our word we have been disappointed by our investment and we have dropped development projects that did not meet our risk profile or return criteria. A case in point is Big Cajun II-4 which was a fully permitted large scale traditional co-plan where which we dropped because we are only able to contract 450 megawatts out of 700 megawatts of name play capacity and that wasn't enough. And third, while the cost of building new generation has definitely gone up over the past two years as you can see from our estimate here, if you strip out risk premium and profit margin, the price of building things in this country has not gone up as astronomically as many have indicated. The overall team points I'd like to make is the development of power business particularly with these new technologies is a very long lead time item. We have made great progress over the last two years in terms of our development program and even more so in terms of our internal development capabilities. And now I think we have first mover advantage and I think one of the things you should be looking to us in the year ahead to show is how we are going to build on that first mover advantage and how we're going to turn that first mover advantage into shareholder value now not just several years down the road. Turning to slide 26, since the nuclear project is the centerpiece of our development effort, I want to give a kind of assessment... as a kind of where we are at. This is particularly the case because as many of you are aware, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission set aside a portion of our combined operating license application until we could provide proper support to those sections. They took this action at our company's specific request. Now to step back a little, at the outset of our planning for nuclear development we've identified the single most important issue as being determined who will take commercial and technical responsibility for building these new plants on a fixed price, fixed schedule basis. We've reasoned that such an arrangement would most likely only be available from someone who actually had successfully completed a new nuclear plant of the same design. That is what led us to the ABWR design which was first built in Japan in 1996, and that is what led us to Toshiba and Hitachi which are the only two companies in the world that had built an advanced nuclear plant on time and on budget. It turns out that we were extremely prescient in our thinking. It has become increasingly apparent and should be apparent to any of you who were trying in one way or another to invest in the so called nuclear renaissance, that the issue that is right now threatening to slow or stall the nuclear renaissance in the United States is not a regulatory problem with the NRC. The NRC has been tough but fair and they are extremely responsive. If not the rest of the government since spoke of legislative and executive branches now done virtually all that's been asked of them. What is threatening to slow or stall new nuclear in this country is whether the private sector in the United States, does it have what I call the will to build and let me emphasize that when I say slow to stall that was something about the nuclear renaissance in general and when I talk by walking the world to build I was referring to the industrial manufacturing and construction complex in the U.S. And that I want to remind you is why we went to Japan in the first place and to the companies which have actually done this work successfully with project managers and schedulers who are still in the business. In any case we are currently in the middle of finalizing the commercial arrangements with respect to engineering procurement and construction arrangements for STP 3 and 4. Those discussions are going very well but, even when working with people who had built these plants before, these are highly complex and important negotiations on sorts of levels and we would rather sacrifice a few months of permeating time while we get the arrangements right rather than burning the project with excessive cost or assume unmanageable completion risk as the owners of the plant. We recognized that we owe our stakeholders a full briefing on the RepoweringNRG and general on STP 3 and 4 in particular. We expect to be able to provide that detailed briefing some time in the next few months. At that time, with respect to STP, we expect to be able to provide you with substantial clarity as to the ownership off taken EPC arrangements, the base case project economics, the financing plan, and the path to regulatory approval. I'm confident that we are on the right track. Moving ahead, we add another zero carving developing pipeline on slide 27, actually today as speak we celebrate with British Petroleum in Texas for ground breaking of our first joint development project, the 150 megawatt plant at Sherbino which will be online by the fall of this year. We've other projects in advanced development and expect to announce other locations not too far in the future. The wind is an important part for both our RepoweringNRG and eco-NRG initiatives, and I couldn't be more pleased with what Jan Paulin and his team at Padoma have accomplished to-date. With the future prospects that they have in the pipeline and with the entrepreneurial developer ethos that they had brought to NRG. In closing there is a lot going on at NRG, as always and in terms of the potential value enhancement, ours is a target rich environment. We've listed on this last page some of our vehicles to capture this value and to echo my comments, at the beginning of the session we can enroll over the next several months pick up these topics with you one by one and cover them in much greater depth. But in many ways today's call is about management. I'm convinced we have the best management team in the business and today we are promoting and redeploying not only Bob Kevin, Maurizio and Clint, but several other key managers who are shifting their position or responsibilities as well. Each and everyone of us at NRG takes very seriously the premise that when you invest in NRG, you are investing with management and also with the 3000 highly capable individuals who made this company hum in 2007. So, with that operator, I think we have a few minutes for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, our first question will come from John Kiani of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kiani: Good morning.
Robert Flexon: Good morning, John.
John Kiani: Congratulations on the promotions.
Robert Flexon: Thank you, hold on I'm sorry, you meant Bob.
John Kiani: I have some questions on slide 19, the market EBITDA slide. Bob, you were walking through this slide, if I am reading this correctly the 3.16 billion of market EBITDA using call 09 curves, it is just using the forwards curves. Do you have any numbers or analysis that you can share with us as to what that 3.16 billion of market EBITDA would look like with heat rate expansion and market recovery, some of your IPP peers show this figure, not with just the current forward, but what it looks like under market equilibrium type scenario, do you have any guidance or help you can give us on that?
Robert Flexon: Yeah, John included the sensitivities so if you look in my blue box on that slide, the last two lines in the blue box show the sensitivity around heat rates. So if you get a half heat rate improvement as an example, say an ERCOT [ph] you got an upside of about $200 million on an un-hedged power basis. So the sensitivity is right there, you can just pull it off the prices that are given in the grey box, come up with your own what you think heat rates could do and then you got the sensitivity there on how to do the math to adjust the EBITDA number from there.
John Kiani: Okay. Thanks and then, on the restrictive payments basket... I think you made some comments that '09 looks like... looks to be a year where you have incremental or better RP capacity, can you walk through that in a little bit more detail?
Robert Flexon: Sure, John when we filed the 10-K today, we will have the chart updated on our base load hedges that go up 2012 and the natural gas hedged price if you will on that chart for 2009 at a 73% hedge profile, the $7.70 which is $0.20 higher than what it is in 2008, plus you got 20%... 27% of the base load open. So, if you just take that higher hedged price in '09 versus '08 you are going to get a significantly higher net income in 2009 and 2008 and the basket expands based upon the net income calculation.
John Kiani: I see. Okay, thanks. That's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And at this point, our next question will come from Elizabeth Parrella from Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
Elizabeth Parrella: Yes, thank you. Actually following up on that same line of questioning, Bob, your comments with respect to the RP expansion this year, does that assume no unrealized losses on mark-to-market activity or is that based on what you see those losses would be using the forward price of gas, how should we think about that?
Robert Flexon: It's based on our forward view of net income, which is... which we just strike... when we strike that curve we don't forecast what mark-to-market gains and losses could be going forward. So, that will create some noise in the numbers on the net income. So, that's why... and that's one of the reasons Elizabeth that we leave as much room as we do while we show that 2008 will have greater than 130 million or actually be fairly higher than a pretty significant increase over that 130 that I show but that is kind of the cushion that we keep to be able to absorb changes caused by those types of fluctuations.
Elizabeth Parrella: I mean that assumes I just wanted to be clear that assumes you would look to mark-to-market losses, which one would expect given where your hedges are for gas and where the current gas price is or does it just zero those out for the remainder of the year?
Robert Flexon: Yeah, I mean the way you need to look at that as well as make sure that greater than 300 million expansion, that's the fourth quarter of '07 result and then the first three quarters of 2008. So, you weight that risk on the next three quarters.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. Okay, and then just with respect to the deal with Credit Suisse on rolling this out, if I understand it correctly their upside kind of a cap as of December end, they don't get anymore upside as the stock continues to move up?
Robert Flexon: Yeah, we are going to let the GAGR feature or the option feature in that structure, we'll settle that out in the fourth quarter. We are not going to roll that into the future. So, it would just be pure debt beyond November of this year and then we'll just settle that out and we'll keep a 100% of the upside of any share price movement within that structure.
Elizabeth Parrella: Right. Now, my recollection is I think you accrue the interest on this sort of through October of 2008, if now there is going to be additional interest expense associated with rolling this out another 20 months?
Robert Flexon: Correct.
Elizabeth Parrella: At the sort of same type of rate?
Robert Flexon: Yeah, actually the way we are structuring it is that we are going to... it is going to be a pretty much exactly the same rate. It would be the blended cost of like 7.5%.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay and then, just one another question. The hedging profile that you have given us on slide 7, you mentioned what the average gas price was for '08 and '09, is that going to be disclosed in the 10-K for all the years in that?
Robert Flexon: It is... it is disclosed and I think the slides that we showed earlier on the hedged profile, I believe... it is as of the end of January. And I think that matches up with our K.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. Thanks very much.
Robert Flexon: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you; and our next question will now come from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hi, guys congratulations on a great year. Can you provide a little bit of update on longer term bobs regarding your environmental CapEx on existing co-plant?
Robert Flexon: The... my consent, longer-terms, how long a term did you... I mean behind the multiyear...
Michael Lapides: Yeah, just in terms of what's contracted, what's not contracted, what you are saying in EPC cost?
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay. If you want to?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, the environmental CapEx project for 2008 is 359, of that 359 about 223 is from Northeast. That construction is pretty well, it's under way and it's pretty well locked in. So that pretty much covers 2008. Towards the end of 2008, the South Central will start picking up and then in 2009 it becomes the higher level of spend. I think we are in the beginning process as of now of time most cost down, so that's in an earlier stage and then further out, the one that... really the one that up in the air right now is Indian weather which carry a pretty high environmental CapEx cost that's the very early stages and we're still wrestling our own minds whether or not we're going to make that level of investment or not. So, that's still up in the air.
Michael Lapides: What are your options if you decide not to make the investments in the divestiture?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I mean...I think everything is on the table. We're going down certainly the path of making the investment, we're doing the permeating work that we need, so we are not delaying anything there. So, we're retaining that option to make sure that we do have time to make the environmental improvements but if we decide at some point that it is just not economic, the choices then are either you just run through the end date or you sell it or you look for some type of alternative plans for the site whether it's other forms of generation. So, I think everything is on the table with it. When you had this type of standard, this level of spend you are going to look 4 or 5 different paths to make sure you take the most favorable one from an economic standpoint as well.
Unidentified Company Representative: Michael, just to add a little bit to that, it is difficult proposition for the Delmarva Peninsula, which is obviously geographically a peninsula is that there is definitely discomfort in that area with cold fire generation of any type as we found over the last year. But there is no gas pipeline down there. So, the options are pretty limited so that's the issue that not only we need to struggle with but, the people charged with maintaining responsibility for the grid in that area have to struggle with as well.
Michael Lapides: Got it, thank you guys, much appreciate it.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will now come from Ryan Chin of Citi, please go ahead.
Ryan Chin: Hi, question on the market EBITDA slide, or South Central load contracts, and please correct me if I am wrong on this, but there were, if I remember on a couple of environmental CapEx provisions on those contracts, how is that embedded in your 1.2 billion number or is the 1.2 billion just the delta between the current contractual sales price in the current quarter?
Unidentified Company Representative: Brian, it's the ladder, I didn't do anything to adjust for the environmental CapEx spend in the pass through. I am just literally as you describe just using current market price versus contracted market price.
Ryan Chin: Okay. So, if I want to think about this in an open EBITDA framework, what I probably need to think about then is what is the value of the environmental CapEx provisions that you have in those contracts as a reducer to the net present value negative impact of this contracture value here, is that correct?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think that's correct Ryan, I would do that.
Ryan Chin: And then one other thing, just a qualitative question. Is that the ABWR [ph] contract at South Texas point from GE and then you have Toshiba and more pouring the concrete effectively. Given that Toshiba earns the Westinghouse house design, how has managing that relationship between those two camps been, can you comment on just what has been going on there, has there been any problems?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, Ryan we can comment on a little of it and most of it we can't comment on. What we can comment on is that you are right while Toshiba is also the owner of the AP1000 design, at no point in our dealings with Toshiba have we have ever seen any sense of compromise or priority of one over the other. I don't know how much you follow nuclear in Japan but ABWR is the chosen design of the Tokyo Electric Power Company and Tokyo Electric Power Company and the rest of the Japanese utility industry are quite insistent that Toshiba and Hitachi both support the ABWR design now and into the future. So, we have been 100% pleased with Toshiba's support and interest in the ABWR design, whatever they are doing with the AP1000 and the rest of your question about... I really rather not comment on at this point.
Ryan Chin: Fair enough, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will now come from Gregg Orrill from Lehman Brothers, please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Gregg.
Gregg Orrill: Just coming back to slide 8 on the heat rate sensitivity, two questions, the first is you provided the sensitivity around one end in Btu per megawatt hour around the clock heat rates, how far do you think we are between now and for your base load fleet? And then secondly you left on the table the upside or the mid meridian [ph] and peaking part of your fleet, what would that also entail?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well I am going to pass on to Kevin so he can give you on this patented/total non answers to that question.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay, when I think about it I mean clearly I think we saw along that we are still... rates which has led to our bias towards gas hedging against the fleet particularly in Texas and you know we have seen a nice recovery the rate still bullish from this point forward we are the absolute peak ins, I really don't want to get the same, what we think is left to the market but we are still bullish from this point on the heat rates and I am sorry what was the second part of your question?
Gregg Orrill: You provided the sensitivity on base load to heat rate changes, what about the rest of the fleet just so that we can be comparable to what other companies are providing?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think, remind me Bob, I think in the past we have kind of notionally said we think about our peaking assets as more kind of out of the money options that they tend to come into the money very quickly for short periods of time but try to model those in the forward market, you really don't throw off a lot of value from them. I think initially we have talked about those, the way we think about them in our forward guidance is around 100 million.
Unidentified Company Representative: On the intermediacy of peaking, on the gross margin it's around $100 million to $150 million and if you had a heat rate movement of about 1 unit movement, the sensitivity is that is in the order of magnitude of around $60 million sensitivity.
Gregg Orrill: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you and our next question will now come from Anthony Crowdell from Jefferies.com. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning, this question is on New York City capacity market, are you seeing any changes in the capacity pricing and now that you see I think public service in New Jersey is trying to bring a line in to the New York City market and have you noticed any changes in the capacities?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, yeah our view is and I think we have the information on one of the web pages in here that we are seeing definite softness in the New York capacity market. It is already trending down. So that's the one soft spot in the terms of the Northeast capacity markets where all the other capacity markets were in... we are seeing strength and increasing strength but New York City is definitely trending down. That actually if you look at the tables at the top right hand-corner of page 7 you'll see some numbers on that.
Anthony Crowdell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question at this time will come from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: Just wanted to follow-up on the opening conversation just given by the breadth of where it looks, where it could be from where it is today, have you guys considered another hedge reset and is the market available to do that if you looked at it?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, no we haven't looked at that and so that is not in our plans.
Dan Eggers: Okay, the next question is Exelon's proposed nuclear power station impacts us, it also has an ownership agreement with San Antonio, how does that affect your agreement on South Texas are we just seeing San Antonio being the power hungry right now?
Unidentified Company Representative: You know, I don't want to know all the much obviously about the arrangement that San Antonio has with Exelon but certainly my general sense about the Exelon development is that they are tracking to quite a different timeframe from where we are in terms of the path that they are on. Obviously I don't want to speak for them but it just seems that the pace that they are going about it and going with the design, the sort of more futuristic design that has never been built before, I think they are trending towards the end of the decade rather than the middle of the decade as we are so. As far as I know the load in San Antonio grows quite quickly so it would be up to San Antonio but I don't see anyway in which they are sort of saying this it is either STP 3 and 4 or the Exelon 1. I would see probably more that they think about it is that they are load... base loads for 2 different time periods.
Dan Eggers: Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Operator, I think we probably... it's about 10 minutes after an hour, we probably have time for one more.
Operator: Certainly sir and our last question will now come from Nora Schonafi [ph] of MSF, please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Nora.
Unidentified Analyst: A couple of quick questions, what is the expected cash tax rate for '08 and '09?
Unidentified Company Representative: For 2008 I would use the, we have a forecast for 2008 of $27 million in cash taxes, for 2009 I'm using for our planning services a 25% cash tax rate and for 2010, I would use a range from 30% to 35% for cash taxes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, can you also just talk about what the major outage schedule is in 08 and '09 on the major plan, like STP or what have you?
David Crane: Well, I know on STP that... they actually have two outages in '08 so that's a rare year. Beyond that I'm trying to think of anything else that is exceptional and John is there anything in the Northeast that strikes you as different year-on-year.
Robert Flexon: Well, in the fall of this year we will be doing the Hartley [ph]. The Hartley outage would be a little longer the one the back house installations. Other than that everything is fairly normal.
David Crane: Yeah, is there something more specific that you are concerned about?
Unidentified Analyst: No, just wanted to be able to track that schedule.
David Crane: I think the main year-on-year changes with STP, because with the 18 months schedule for 2 units their time is when they get through a whole year without one and then there are years where they have one and there are years like this one where they have two. So, given how many megawatt hours, that one is pretty significant but beyond that I think it is a pretty normal schedule.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great. Last, but not least, I was just wondering, there has obviously been a fair amount of wind projects announced, in Texas particularly in West Texas. There is some reliability issues there, I guess there were even some yesterday on the overall wind side, how do we think about the expected heat rate expansion and just the overall reserve environment in ERCOT [ph] vis-à-vis some of the... all the noise around on the wind side?
David Crane: Well, I think... I think you've raised a very important point and one that... obviously a highly topical after yesterday's wind event in Texas and you know I can't give you 100% clarity though. We look at it obviously from both sides, the impact on our fossil-fuel fired fleet and the fact that our subsidiary is successfully developing wind into that market. You know, I will make a couple of comments first in terms of what our overall portfolio, what we wanted to look like, we want to have wind in the portfolio, but I don't think anyone on the phone should think of NRG as becoming a wind play. We see wind is complimentary to our fossil-fuel fired plant and we look forward to sort of folding a few wind firms into the sort of seamless operations of our Texas fleet. The question that you've raised and that I was highlighted by yesterday's event is, I think a huge one for ERCOT, you know the system can go unstable because in the winter because 1500 megawatts of expected wind turns into 400 megawatts winds and then fossil has to scramble to come online and with several of our plants that had to scramble to fill the gap, that's a big issue and there is going to be a big debate. I think you probably read that ERCOT is commissioned to study, to try and decide how much transmission they should bring from the West Texas wind area into the markets and I think the question how you maintain systems to build in the face of massive wind portfolio is a big one. And so, I think that's probably the single biggest policy issue that... that's going to be addressed in any of our markets over the next 12 months. I know that's not an answer but that's the best I can... all I can tell you that we are fully engaged in thinking about this on all levels and obviously we'll provide our input whenever we can to whoever will listen.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, Thanks again. I just wanted to say congratulations to Bob, thanks for doing such an awesome job over the last couple of years.
Robert Flexon: Great. Thanks Nora.
David Crane: Okay, operator, with that again we appreciate everyone's effort, interest in the company and look forward to telling you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does concludes your conference call for today. Once again thank you for participating and at this time we ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have yourself a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: : Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to NRG Energy Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, November 2, 2007. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Nahla Azmy. Please go ahead.
Nahla A. Azmy: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2007 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.nrgenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished with the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay and a podcast of the call will be posted on our website. This call, including the formal presentation and the question-and-answer session will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question with just one follow-up. And now for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement, during the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is November 2, 2007, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the Company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a quantitative reconciliation of these figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. And now I'd like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and good morning everyone. I am joined here today by Bob Flexon, our Chief Financial Officer who will be speaking to the Company's quarterly financial results. Also I have with me Kevin Howell who runs our commercial operations group and who is here to answer or not answer, as the case may be, questions you might ask about the Company's commercial operation strategy. And a special guest today, John Ragan, Head of our Northeast Region, who is here, given that we'll be talking in some length, in some detail about the Huntley IGCC project or if you have questions about the recent announcements we made with respect to peaking units in Connecticut, a joint venture with United Illuminating, he can answer those questions. So, I am going to be referring to slides that appear on the website and starting with slide three and this slide which I entered into the slide deck which I got because as usual our slide deck is full of information about all that the company is doing and is part of knowledge quest to make sure that the investors in this company know every single last detail of what we are up to. But I want to start with a very simple slide and use that as a backdrop, something that was easy on the eyes while I gave some bit of context to this call as to where the company has been and where we are going. I want to do that on two levels. First, operationally, and by that in this case I mean really what we have been doing 2007 and looking forward to 2008; and then strategically covering 2008 and beyond. So first, operationally. Here we are in early November and as a company, I think, we are in the process of wrapping up what we believe has been a highly successful year in terms of current operation. Based on the strong performance of our plant and commercial operations group year-to-date we are increasing our full-year adjusted EBITDA guidance by $100 million. Our fully hedged position gives us a very high level of confidence that when the dust settles and the year has closed out, we will have met these revised financial targets. Operationally, at this time we are also looking forward to 2008. We are well placed in terms of winter preparedness, and we are pushing forward a series of operational initiatives which we are planning for 2008. Much of this is encompassed in our highly successful FORNRG program, for which we are raising the bar again today. In terms of positioning this company for the future beyond 2008, we feel that with each day the path we are on and the direction which our business is headed and has been headed is the right one, and that the principle task for us is not to deviate to the left or to the right of where we have been headed, but only to keep going faster, higher and stronger. And what do I mean by this? When we start out here at our NRG four years ago with a business strategy focused on developing multi-fuel across the merit order portfolios of low marginal cost generating assets concentrated in a few competitive wholesale power generation markets in United States. Given what we own coming out of Chapter 11 that was undoubtedly the right strategy for NRG. Aided in significant part by the Texas Genco acquisition, which was announced in late 2005, we have done well to-date in terms of executing on our original core strategy. Also in 2005, we assess six principle long-term industry trends that were emerging at that time: the seemingly permanent recalibration hire of the Gasco, the aging of our Company and the nation's power generation fleet, the virtual absence of new plant construction, the tightening of reserve margins, the ever increasing environmental sensitivity with respect to the traditional regulated emissions, and the emergence of global warming which during the past few years has entered the national consciousness with the subtlety of a freight train bringing with it the virtual certainty of carbon constraints and regulation. For NRG, all these trends pointed in the same direction and led us to embark on a significant enhancement to our core strategy, and that was RepoweringNRG and ecoNRG. They are aimed at revitalizing and enhancing NRG's existing generating fleet in a road to no carbon way without excessive dependence on additional high-cost natural gas fire generation. The twin center pieces of both RepoweringNRG and ecoNRG have been our attempts to secure first-mover status in both of the emerging technologies which we consider to be the future of base load generation in the United States, advanced nuclear power and clean coal. In this regard, I am very pleased with where we are on both counts. Certainly the biggest news for the quarter for us is that we filed our combined operating license application for two new nuclear units in South Texas, with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission on September 24th. While the NRC continues to review our application to determine whether it qualifies for docketing, I would note that two days ago at a US Energy Association press briefing, NRC Chairman Klein stated that the NRG STP application appeared "robust and complete." So if anyone on this call tuned in, in the hopes that we would have a change of heart or a major shift in strategic direction, that we would be backing away from our hedging program, from our commitment to the regular return of capital to our shareholders, from our Repowering program, or from our advocacy of comprehensive and effective carbon regulation at the Federal level, you will be disappointed by this call. Going forth, our approach as set forth on this slide is quite simply Citius, Altius, Fortius. Now turning to slide 4, we provide our financial highlights for the quarter and year-to-date. As I mentioned, Bob will be dissecting these numbers for you in great detail. My only comment, listing a blinding glimpse of the obvious, we as a company remain singularly focused on generating cash. Thanks to the solid performance of the plant operations group, the exceptional hedging work done by commercial operations and the financial management activity of Bob's own Treasury and Risk Management Groups, our cash position is as strong as it has ever been. While this summer's credit crisis has receded to some extent, the fact that it occurred and that had virtually no lasting impact on NRG, reaffirms to me the soundness of our approach to balance sheet management which, while certainly active, remains always prudent. Keep in mind that the liquidity number that you see on this slide is effectively understated by a significant amount. If you add to the $2.3 billion shown, the $600 million of synthetic LCs being returned by our principal trading counter parties, our total liquidity approaches $3 billion. If you permit me to digress for a moment with an editorial comment, I don't know whether the rating agencies are listening to this call but what I see when I look at NRG is a company piling up liquidity, generating substantial free cash flow and prepaying debt... at the same time we remain mired deeply in the effluvia of low sub-investment grade with the DA3 B+ corporate credit rating. So I don't know if the rating agencies are distracted with problems in the investment grade commercial paper market but I mean throw us a bone here; at least take us off negative outlook. Well let's turn to slide 5 before I continue with my executive temper tantrum here. Let's talk about safety. Our year-to-date, OSHA's recordable rate is 1.7; it's less than half of the 2006 industry average of 3.9. This result is due to the strong performance and material year-on-year improvement across all plants and all regions, but particularly in the Northeast and the West. We continue to make progress on our implementation of OSHA's voluntary protection program at five NRG classic plants: Montville, Encina, Seguendo, Big Cajun II and Saguaro. These five plants already have reduced the number of injuries by 30% compared to last year. In addition, TH Wharton has been recommended for star status under their VPP program, which means that all of our Texas plants now have start status under the VPP program. In terms of plant production, we posted yet another strong summer quarter on par with last summer with the sole exception that our Texas gas plants did not run nearly as much this summer due to the mild and wet weather in Texas. We overcame that mild summer weather with an effective hedging strategy in our cost and as a result of good weather in the Northeast which drove higher late summer prices, if not higher production. Again, there are many extraordinary achievements, some around the Company on the operational level under which too many to mention, but I would mention the extraordinary reliability that Arthur Kill showed. So a great job by Tom Bishop and his team. I also want to mention the Encina plant in California where Jerry Carter and his team contribute to keep in the lights on in San Diego during the recent wild fires. Even with a lot of the staff there distracted because their own families had been evacuated. Still looking at this slide on the bottom left we show our E4 results which exhibits some slippage relative to a very strong performance turned in last summer, particular by our Texas coal units. As we've mentioned on previous calls, we had recurring reliability issues with Indian River 4 during the first half of 2007. We devoted considerable amount of management and other resources to the unit and IR, and Indian River 4's recent performances has been very good. Indian River units 1, 2 and 3 are currently running at top quartile levels. Finally, with respect to our coal inventory levels, they obviously remain in excess of our target range. Recent capacity expansion on the joint line out of the Powder River Basin gives us confidence that we can move much more assertively to reduce our inventory levels, as such for this quarter our focus will be to decrease inventory to within a target range of 25- to 35 days. Now, switching to our hedge position on slide 6, you can see that we are now fully hedged in respect to our base load position for 2008. In terms of the out years the forward gas curve is healthy but not as robust as we expected to be from time to time in the future. Indeed to me it's a remarkable indication of the resilience of the gas curve that prices remain as strong as they not withstanding the current gas inventory surplus, the demand inhibiting heavy rains in Texas this summer and the lack of tropical activity in the Gulf. We retain some gas lines in the out years so that we can capitalize on opportunities which we expect to rise... to arise from time to time. While we are neutral to mildly bearish on gas prices short term and bullish medium to long term, on heat rates we are bullish as far as the eye can see. While heat rate forward curves have risen, the continued lack of new building, consequent declining reserve margins, particularly in Texas and the Northeast plus the increased cost of adding new capacity caused us to continue to maintain a fairly open position with respect to heat rate expansion. And finally turning to slide 7, as I mentioned upfront, I want to spend a little time on the call looking forward as well to looking back. On this slide, I want to give you some sense of what we are planning for 2008 in our principal operating function. We could consume the entire hour talking about any of these initiatives but there is one general theme that cuts across all and that is this. We absolutely do not believe that we have yet captured the full benefit of our scale or all the potential synergies arising out of last year's Texas Genco acquisition. You might want to think about it as set of initiatives that are up to a second stage integration of Texas Genco. Now, turning to slide 8, and we continue our transition from slide 7, from reporting to the past to looking to the future, and slide 8 reintroduces the four interrelated company-wide initiatives, upon which so much of our forward strategy is based. FUTURE NRG, which was initiated in the second half of 2006, ecoNRG and RepoweringNRG announced in the first half of 2006 and the grand daddy of them all focused on ROIC@NRG, or FORNRG, which was introduced and began implementation in the spring of 2005. Starting with FORNRG on slide 9, today's news is that we are accelerating and concluding the FORNRG program in 2008 by bringing forward the 2009 recurring EBITDA target of $250 million to 2008, obviously our willingness to do this is rooted in the success we have achieved in the program to-date, and indeed we now expect to achieve $220 million this year which exceeds the previously announced 2007 FORNRG target of $200 million. The better than expected 2007 results are being driven by better overall plant performance particularly in the area of the recapture of plant generating capacity. Further penetration of the FORNRG program into the Texas region and increased corporate contribution. As we look forward to 2008, the 2007 results combined with additional FORNRG opportunities identified during the year, particularly in the area of procurement, give us confidence that we can achieve the overall program target of $250 million a year early. But, we know that your delight at the FORNRG program is being accelerated is tempered by the sense of emptiness that you must feel that come the end of 2008, we will no longer be reporting to you on this, the most cherished endeavor of our initiative. So, I say you never fear. Even that we believe that there is more gas in the tank and room for improvement across the company in areas such as those I mentioned on slide 7, we are re-badging the current FORNRG program as FORNRG 1.0 and we are reviewing our potential to launch a second phase of FORNRG covering 2009 and beyond which we are quite creatively referring to as FORNRG 2.0. So turning to slide 10, shifting to the RepoweringNRG program, there remain many projects in this program more than appear on the slide and more than we... than we can discuss. But looking at the program as a whole, we remain principally in development mode. By the end of 2008 we hope and expect to be much more significantly in construction mode, and under John Brewster and Dave Harris over the past year we have developed the capability to manage multiple complex construction projects. The other point I want to make in reference to the slide has to do with the projects that have failed along the way. When we announced RepoweringNRG in June 2006 with 18 projects encompassing the full range of technologies, we made it clear that the program was dynamic and that projects would be dropped. That is what happens in development, particularly if you are intent upon being a disciplined developer and indeed that is what is happened in our program. But, what also has happened is that some projects have been replaced by morphed into other projects. For example, the 3 IGCC projects in New York, Connecticut and Delaware have transformed into 1 IGCC project in New York with CCS, as I mentioned before; a gas peaking initiative in Connecticut; and a gas firming project in Delaware which may yet morph again into another type of project. This, in my mind, is a very positive development, as in most cases we are pursuing projects conceived directly in response to the stated needs of our customers. The other general point that I want to make about the retirement program which is shown on slide 11, and this a part which also applies to ecoNRG is that we see tremendous advantage in pursuing these projects in cooperation with capable and compatible partners, and that's one of the big stories of this quarter. And the reasons for partnering I think are fairly self-evident, we've listed some of those on this slide for your ease of reference. But we are extremely pleased with the partnerships that have been announced recently under both the RepoweringNRG and our ecoNRG programs, and you should expect more partnership announcements in the future. We have included slide 12 regarding South Texas 3 and 4, since the new nuclear plants are indeed the flagship of our RepoweringNRG program and the filing of the COL application and the partnership with CPS. Those were two of the three significant positive developments that I intimated on our last quarterly call. Since, I spoke at length about STP 3 and 4 a few weeks ago at the Merrill Lynch conference in New York, I don't intend to devote significant additional time to adhere, other than to say that we are convinced more than ever that our approach to new nuclear development which is centered around building the only advanced nuclear design which actually has been built on time and on budget, is the best, most risk mitigated approach to new nuclear construction in a non rate based market. As I said at the beginning, I remain extremely pleased with the progress of our nuclear development and am confident in the months to come, you will continue to receive from us announcements of material progress and success in connection with this project. I remain equally convinced that the Company's efforts in the nuclear arena will significantly enhance our shareholder value and will do so long before STP 3&4 actually begin to generate EBITDA in 2014. Now moving to slide 13 and 14, we haven't spent much time talking about Huntley, since our recent announcement of the award of that project on December 19, 2006. Again that was the day that we received a conditional award from State of New York. Since that time, the project has evolved from IGCC with a promise of future carbon capture and sequestration, or CCS, which I refer to as CCS, to IGCC with CCS at or very near to our conception. The one point I want to make is with respect to an industry environmental trend. And that is this: at this point, our view is that there is no market for IGCC in this country without CCS. And CCS effectively defines clean coal. And in opinion people in our industry who use the label clean coal to refer anything other than coal fire generation that captures and sequesters a substantial portion of the CO2 emissions are misusing the term. Our project located at our Huntley facility in Tonawanda, New York outside Buffalo, would be the largest IGCC with CCS facility in the US and possibly in the world. We have spent much of the past year proving up the CCS end of the project and have determined that the geology of Western New York is highly attractive from a sequestration point of view with existing pipelines rights and weights to the best sequestration area. Indeed, the largest impediment to this project at this point is not technical or even environmental, but rather legal, regulatory and particularly commercial. At this point in time, custom-built IGCC plants are simply more expensive to build than mass produced traditional pulverized coal plants; and separating and sequestering millions of tons of CO2 adds a substantial additional layer of expense that additional layer of expense remains particularly hard to justify, and in an environment where it remains legal simply to vent those millions of tons of carbon into the earth's atmosphere for free. This is one of the reasons why in our opinion there must be Federal carbon legislation putting a price on carbon, and that legislation must include substantial support for multiple commercial scale CCS projects around the country, including, but in no way limited to, the Huntley IGCC project. While slides 13 and 14 address the centerpiece of our effort to get the carbon out of coal fire to combustion through IGCC technology; slide 15 highlights our efforts to mitigate carbon through post-combustion carbon capture. Success in this area is, of course, essential to the retrofitting of carbon capture technologies on existing coal fire facilities. Previously, we have referred to our continued work with GreenFuel at our Big Cajun site. We are working closely with GreenFuel to scale up their promising technology at Big Cajun, keeping in mind that the economic impetus for their carbon-eating algae project is primarily biofuel, and secondarily carbon recycling. The second post-combustion carbon capture initiative which we are announcing today is an agreement with Powerspan to jointly design, construct and operate a demonstration facility that will be among the largest post-combustion carbon capture and sequestration projects in the world and maybe the first to achieve commercial scale from an existing coal fire power plant. The project will be built at our WA Parish Plant near Sugarland, Texas and is designed to capture and sequester 90% of the carbon dioxide from flue gas, equal in quantity to that of a 125 wegawatt coal unit. On slide 16, in the fourth and last of our company wide initiatives, FUTURE NRG, much of what is encompassed in this program is simply good corporate practice common in other industries but I think not so common in ours. The investment committee need not be concerned with it beyond insuring that companies that they are investing in for the long term need to be doing this, particularly in the industrial sector where there is an ageing work force issue across the sector and in our particular sub-sector where there has been little attention paid to management development over the past several years. I simply want to assure our investors on this call that we are working these important long-term issues on all levels and that we have some notable if unseen successes during this past year. Particularly in the area of management retention, what I have set is a personal goal; the retention of what I believe is the strongest and deepest management team in the business. While we indeed lost some key executives during the year, we succeeded through the 10b51 programs announced in August and through other means, in keeping the core management team intact. This remains a very high personal priority for me looking forward to 2008 and beyond. Finally, on slide 17, and before I turn it over to Bob, I want to review our scorecard for the year. We accomplished close to everything that we set out to do at the beginning of the year, and hopefully those of you who have been with us since the beginning four years ago, will agree that this is the hallmark of the new NRG. We tell our investors what we intend to do in advance and then we go out and get it done. This quarter and this year I am confident that that is exactly what we did. We got it done. Thank you. Bob?
Robert Flexon: Thank you, David and good morning. Today in addition to our customary review of the third quarter and year-to-date financial performance, I'll also cover our third consecutive quarter of improved outlook for 2007, our first comment on 2008 guidance, and finally several significant events impacting the company's liquidity and capital structure. I'll began with the third quarter results shown on slide 19. Third quarter 2007 adjusted EBITDA, excluding mark-to-market was $719 million versus $519 million for the same period last year, resulting in the second consecutive quarter where performance exceeded our forecasted expectations. The current quarter benefited from a $180 million revenue increase in the Texas region from the November 2006 contract hedge reset. Partially offsetting this was 1.1 million megawatt hours of Lower Texas gas generation due to cool and wet weather which reduced demand for our gas peaking units. This decline, accompanied by a 30% quarterly drop in average peak market power prices, although largely offset by our hedge positions in our cost, resulted in a $31 million decrease in energy margins for the quarter. Development expenses this quarter, mostly in support of September's COLA submission increased $40 million. We will recover 40% to 50%, of our development cost incurred to-date from our partner in the project CPS of San Antonio. Demonstrating the value of our geographically diverse portfolio, the Texas region decline was offset by the improvement in the Northeast region results. The current year's third quarter adjusted EBITDA versus 2006 improved by $95 million. Quarterly adjusted EBITDA improved despite a 1% decrease in Northeast generation. Our hedge positions in the Northeast also helped offset generation and pricing decline. In Northeast, capacity revenues increased $28 million over the third quarter of last year as new capacity payment programs, the NEEPOL and PGM went into effect this year. Fuel mix led to a $12 million net decrease in the region's fuel cost. A 31% increase in gas generation at our Arthur Kill plant led to higher natural gas expenses by $14 million, which was more than offset by the $26 million decline in oil fuel expense, as oil fire generation declined 47%. Our year-to-date earning comparisons are illustrated on slide 20. Our adjusted EBITDA, excluding mark-to-market activity, grew almost $600 million due to many of the same factors that influenced our three months comparison. Again, these include the Texas revenues, revenues attributable to last November's hedge reset, the new Northeast capacity revenues and the partial offset of increased development spending. These and other key contributors to the year-over-year improvement include $123 million and $8 million of adjusted EBITDA, respectively, for the full year inclusion of Texas and West regional results. $425 million from the year-to-date impact of the hedge reset on Texas contract revenue, a $2.1 million megawatt-hour decline in Texas gas generation, largely offset by successful hedging programs, and $220 million of higher Northeast margins due to increased generation and realized pricing in the region as well as increased capacity revenues. These improvements were offset by development expenses that increased $93 million, mainly $75 million to support the STP COLA submission and a $41 million decline in sales of emission allowances. The cash flow for the first nine months of 2007 is shown on slide 21. The $596 million improvement in adjusted EBITDA was offset by collateral postings, higher working capital and increased interest payments. The majority of the free cash flow decrease is due to the $504 million year-over-year swing in collateral movement. This year we paid out or returned a $107 million in collateral to counter parties while in the first nine months of 2006, we received a net of $397 million due to a decrease in gas prices and trade settlements during the first nine months of last year. If collateral swings are excluded, adjusted cash from operations was $432 million higher than 2006 and free cash flow from recurring operations would have been $895 million almost doubling the comparable 2006 nine-month period. Cash interest payments increase for 2007 versus 2006 due to a full nine months of interest related to debt incurred to finance to Taxes Genco acquisition and additional debt associated with hedge reset in November of 2006. Cash flows upon working capital increased by $97 million, accounts receivable balances increased by $186 million, mainly due to higher market and contract pricing. Substantially all of the accounts receivable increase is current and has since been collected. As shown on slide 22, with over $500 million of operating cash flow for the quarter... for the third quarter of 2007 our liquidity has substantially strengthened since June 30, with a cash build of almost $400 million. Liquidity at September 30, 2007 was approximately $2.3 billion, an increase of $444 million since the end of the second quarter. Major cash uses during the quarter were $104 million for capital expenditures and $53 million for common share buyback. I'll provide more detail later on but our liquidity today giving effect for the changes in our hedging collateral structure has reached approximately $3 billion. Moving to 2007 guidance with our third quarter performance, we are increasing our 2007 full year outlook by $100 million to $2.3 billion and adjusted EBITDA as outlined on slide 23. Operating cash flow guidance is being increased $80 million due to the increased EBIT expectations partially offset by an increase in cash collateral posting. Recurring free cash flow from our base business before Repowering an environmental, capital expenditures is projected to be $1.2 billion for the full year, almost a $100 million higher than our previous guidance. This represents recurring free cash flow yield of around 11%. Total projected capital expenditures for maintenance, environmental and Repowering was $569 million, a $61 million declined from the estimate we provided on the last earnings call, mainly due to a delay in timing in wind and environmental capital spending into 2008. Our initial full year outlook for 2008 is $2.2 billion, as provided on slide 24. Next year is expected to be a $100 million lower than this year, mainly due to a decline in the average prices of hedge generation. Free cash flow from recurring operations, however, is expected to remain at the 2007 level of about $1.2 billion. Also on slide 24, the primary differences between 2007 and 2008 have been listed. Development spending is lower in 2008 versus 2007 as we expect to begin capitalizing STP cost in 2008. This EBITDA... the EBITDA benefit of FORNRG, of approximately $30 million, is expected to be offset by the inflationary impact on cost and wage and benefit increases. Cash flow from operations for 2008 is expected to remain at the 2007 level of $1.5 billion. The environmental and Repowering CapEx numbers are before financing and are further discussed on slide 25. Our environmental, Repowering and maintenance forecast to capital expenditures for the balance of 2007 and for 2008 are shown by region on slide 25. As mentioned earlier, the full year capital forecast, including Repowering, environmental is $569 million. Capital expenditures for the nine months ending September 30, 2007 were $309 million including $47 million for STP nuclear fuel and maintenance, $45 million in the Texas South plant turbine and combustion system and $46 million to the Huntley and Dunkirk bad gas emission project. The principal investments to be made during the last three months of 2007, totaling $260 million include: maintenance, with maintenance CapEx totaling $84 million through the fall outage reason; environmental, the work continues on the flu-gas desulfurization project at Huntley and Dunkirk. And work will begin on the scrubber installation at Big Cajun II. $40 million of environmental CapEx, principally for backend controls in the Northeast region, originally scheduled for this year will now begin after 2007. On Repowering, feeder value and free wind projects comprised the remaining 2007 expenditures. Wind related capital amounted to $54 million projected for 2007 will now occur into 2008 or financed at the project level. Our initial 2008 capital projection is $1.2 billion which includes $251million for major maintenance, $323 million for environmental remediation and $626 million for Repowering programs. We estimate project level financing is available for at least $240 million for RepoweringNRG and $60 million for environmental CapEx. The financing alternatives associated with our capital spend includes with the Huntley and Dunkirk environmental investments we elect... we expect to pursue solid waste taxes and bonds during 2008 and for Padoma wind, we are pursuing equipment and project level financing. The financings are anticipated to occur throughout 2008 as we balance the economic of carrying costs versus delaying funding. I will now shift the discussion to slide 26 to cover recent milestones and events affecting our liquidity and capital structure. The first item is the third quarter completion of phase II of our capital allocation plan. This plan originally announced in August 2006, subsequently upsized to following November, consisted of two phases each of which calls for the purchase of $500 million of our common stock. With the August 2007 purchase of 1.34 million shares for $53 million, the Company has completed, in just one year, the repurchase of $1 billion of common shares representing 36.6 million shares or approximately 15% of our outstanding shares all at an average cost of $27.31 per share. This outstanding accomplishment reflects exceptional execution and teamwork from our finance, accounting and legal departments in concert with our outside advisers. The next significant accomplishment is the implementation of a first lean collateral structure which longer term replaces our existing second lean structure. During the re-financing of our senior secured credit facility last May, we obtained from our lenders the basic rent, to partly pursue [ph] first lean collateral position to NRG's hedging counter parties in support of our commercial operations strategic hedging program. The primary benefit of this is realized through the elimination of the posted LCs used to cover a portion of the existing second lean trading collateral requirement. In a moment, I will cover this in more depth, today we are also announcing a next step in the implementation of our holding company structure, or Holdco, which we originally launched in May of this year. We have made considerable progress in obtaining the required regulatory approvals, including the NRC and considering the recovery in the broader credit markets since our August 2nd earnings call, we are proceeding with the next step in the Holdco implementation plan, which I will describe in more detail momentarily. The final capital allocation then I will cover today, is our plan to pre-pay a portion of our Term B loan to obtain a 25 basis point reduction in the interest rate spread for our Term B loan at boththe operating company level as well as the Holdco level and the synthetic LC facility. This pre-payment currently estimated at around $300 million, will result in the Company's achieving the corporate level debt to corporate level EBITDA ratio, needed for a 25 basis point reduction, beginning January 1, 2008. Any prepayment in the fourth quarter of 2007will be credited against the mandatory offer and take we are required to make to our lean lenders in the second quarter of 2008. Now beginning on slide 27, I'll go over the second lean to first lean change in the next step in Holdco implementation. Recently, we reached agreement with several of our largest counterparties, representing just under 60% of the notional hedges in the second lean structure to shift their collateral position to a first lean position. As a result, the LC requirements are now eliminated and has resulted in return of over $550 million from previously posted LCs, thereby significantly increasing the Company's liquidity. Over the next several weeks, we will initiate discussions with the remaining second lean counterparties and attempt to convert their collateral programs to the first lean position in a similar fashion. If successful, the remaining counterparties would return an additional $200 million plus of LCs currently held by them. The migration of NRG's hedging counterparties to the first lean program has increased the company's available equity to approximately $3 billion, and with this dramatic increase in liquidity we are evaluating three alternatives which include retain the excess liquidity in its current form, downsizing the synthetic LC facility and eliminate the carrying cost, or converting up to $500 million of the synthetic facility on balance sheet on the Term B debt, and use the proceeds as part of our Holdco strategy, I'll discuss later. The option selected will largely be dependent on the outcome of the Holdco conditional tender offer and alternative consent being launched today, which I'll now cover. Slide 28 provides some background information on the Holdco transaction which we launched and described in detail on our May 2007 earnings call. For today's discussion, the key elements of the Holdco structure to consider are as follows: we have created, but not implemented, the holding company that holds the call rights on $1 billion of Term B financing that was obtained in our refinancing of the Term B facility last May and the proceeds just funded from it to wager off term loan will be contributed to NRG Energy or Opco as an equity contribution. And Opco will, in turn, use that capital to repay a portion of its existing Term B loan. This capital contribution from Holdco would result in the expansion of the restricted payments capacity under the bond indentures by nearly $1 billion. The primary issues surrounding the Holdco structure is the change in control event that is triggered for the corporate bond, if implemented. With the weakening credit markets during the third quarter and our bonds trading down below par, we expected the Holdco implementation would have resulted in the vast majority of bonds being put to the company at 1:1 of par leaving us venerable to an unfavorable credit market. With the credit markets improving since September and our bonds trading at or above par, the question now is how many bondholders would actually accept the 1:1 offer in the current environment, if made. I'll cover how we will answer this question on slide 29. Today's launch of the conditional tender offer and alternative consent of bondholders will provide the answer in 30 days. Under the terms of our bond indentures, we have the right to make a change in control offer to our bondholders in advance of the actual change in control event, with the obligation to accept any tender bonds conditioned upon the confirmation of that change in control. In other words, bondholders will have 30 days from today to notify the company if they will accept the 1:1 offer if Holdco is implemented in December. At that time, NRG will review the results of the process and decide whether or not to move forward with the Holdco formation. Concurrent with the conditional tender offer, bondholders will receive an alternative consent solicitation to waive their rights to the change in control offer in exchange for a nominal consent fee. If the majority of bondholders within each class consent, NRG's obligation to repay the bonds tendered at 1:1 by holders in the class goes away. Regardless of the outcome and whether or not Holdco is implemented, NRG retains the right to purchase any bonds tendered at 1:1. Along with the committed backstop facility of over $4 billion, NRG has the ability to convert excess synthetic LC capacity created by the second to first lean migration into a Term B loan and use the proceeds to buy bonds tendered. We're moving forward with the Holdco strategy with an approach that gives us in complete control of our capital structure throughout the process. If we are successful implementing Holdco, it will benefit our bondholders through a credit accretive event and it will benefit our shareholders by providing additional flexibility for returning capital to shareholders. Later this morning we will issue a more detailed press release that provides more specifics on the tender and consent process. Slide 30 summarizes our 2007 financial objectives which we've shown throughout the year, which at this point in time my confidence level is quite high on meeting or exceeding these goals. As we begin the last quarter of this year, our annual financial performance for earnings and cash flow will likely exceed our expectations set out at the beginning of 2007, aided by the FORNRG achievements of our plants and corporate personnel along with an outstanding performance from our commercial operations team. We have demonstrated the value of past capital allocation programs, as discussed earlier, and while we remain confident and optimistic that the conditional tender offer and consent process launched today will accomplish this, we've identified additional ways to ensure we continue to fulfill our commitments in this area. Finally, the successful movements to the first lean hedging program is a significant win for this company and a materially positive liquidity event. Ideas and efforts like this will continue to be reviewed and identified in order for us to continuously improve our capital structure. I'll now turn it back to David for closing comments and questions.
David Crane: Thanks, Bob. We have taken a lot of time, so I am going to... Jennifer, I am going to turn it over to you to open the lines for some questions? Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from John Kiani from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kiani: Good morning, David, Bob.
David Crane: Good morning, John.
Robert Flexon: Hi.
John Kiani: Bob, you touched on this a little bit in your opening comments but can you walk us through how the 50% CPS ownership and the STP development project, how that applies to cost sharing of development costs and perhaps in conjunction with that, how much you are estimating for development costs in the '08 EBITDA guidance?
Robert Flexon: John for, the way that will work is through October from inception to date, the CPS share of the development will be around $40 million to $45 million and that takes you through October, and then in November and December we estimate that their share which they will be picking up will be about another $6 million say for each month, so in round numbers that puts you to the $50 million to $55 million level. So, I think what you'll see is a lower development spend in November and December, since we are only picking up say half of it and then we will also have a credit coming in of about $40 million to $45 million for the inception to date cost that we have had. For 2008 our intent at this point in time remains to start capitalizing, so we don't have much of anything in the development expenses for 2008 for STP. Included in our CapEx budget is about $75 million of CapEx related to STP in 2008.
John Kiani: Thanks. That's helpful. And then one follow-up question on '08. What contribution are you assuming from your gas and oil fired assets in the '08 EBITDA guidance?
Robert Flexon: Generally from... really from on how we view those assets, we look at the contributions from a margin standpoint to be roughly $100 million to $150 million kind of number, and then there will be some variability around that, depending on what's going on in the market, fuel cost and the like, so that's the order of magnitude, virtually of all the forecast is obviously heavily driven by base growth.
John Kiani: So $100 million to $150 million for 6,000- to 7,000 megawatts of capacity?
Robert Flexon: Correct.
John Kiani: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan Eggers: Good morning. David, you are talking about the carbon capture technology, kind of at the two facilities, can you talk to the Texas project, both by way of what kind of Government support you are looking for to help develop that project, how much capital NRG will be investing in this project, and then what implications that is going to have as far as operating plant efficiency as far as energy losses etcetera?
David Crane: The, well, let me... in terms of the power... you are talking about the Powerspan project, is that right?
Dan Eggers: Yes.
David Crane: On the Powerspan project, the total spend about $150 million in terms of the type of support we are expecting for that project from Federal or state sources and the form of that, there is always a wide range of different approaches to that, but I mean I think grants through the DoE program, there's money in the current energy bills before congress. Absolutely we like to get some money at the state level as well as the Federal level, but in terms of the type of a commitment that we would expect as a company, I mean if at all proves out the time of our coal capital costs about 150, I would say that a rough number for where we would be investing would be in the $30 million to $40 million range, that's sort of our operating assumption. The technology that they have, it has current economic benefits now in that to get to the point where you can the capture the carbon, you actually have to take out even more SOx as well, so the saved SOx obviously has economic value in the market already since there is a traded market for SOx as you know. The issue with anything that you do in terms of carbon capture, again is that we are anticipating that the carbon will have a value, and so how much we investment in it, how it actually gets financed sort of depends on whether we continue to live in an environment where carbon emissions are going to be free and they are not going to have an economic value. And then finally, the last thing we have to prove up is that the sequestration in the case of the Powerspan project, we believe can be used for enhanced oil recovery in the area of the Parish plant, and you know what value we can secure from that is also a question that we need to answer over the next several months.
Dan Eggers: Okay, and then I guess one other question looking at the RepoweringNRG program, particularly on the wind side for 2008, it looks like about $390 million, give us a little color on size or projects, where you expect them to be, when we should anticipate and serve a statement --?
David Crane: Well, I think the lead projects will certainly be in West Texas and they will be in the 100- to 200 megawatt range and... at least some of them are likely to be with significant partners. We are also got some very active wind development in California but it takes longer in California, so I think the first ones you'll hear from us about will be in Texas.
Dan Eggers: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Elizabeth Parrella from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Parrella: Yes. Thank you. I'm just following up on the $626 million growth CapEx this year. You mentioned there are $75 million in there for STP and just looking at your slide 25, can we assume that the rest of the Texas spend which would be about $100 million is for Cedar Bayou or is there --?
Robert Flexon: That's Cedar Bayou 4.
Elizabeth Parrella: Cedar Bayou. And then the 390 is all wind?
Robert Flexon: Yes.
Elizabeth Parrella: Now, where is the... this Powerspan project showing up? Have you included that in the Repowering or the environmental bucket?
Robert Flexon: We don't have much, we don't really have the Powerspan in the end until we get more clarity around what the cost are going to be for '08.
David Crane: Yes. I don't think that the Powerspan is going to be in the design engineering stage in '08, so that would be... that would start to hit in '09 and beyond.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. And then a question in a different area, what's your view on the outlook for New York City capacity prices near-term, medium-term, long-term, just in light of the ISOs compliance filing and updated three-year demand curve?
David Crane: I think, Elizabeth, that we can burn that question slightly to what our point of view on capacity prices in the Northeast. I would say that we are bullish on capacity prices in Connecticut, rest of the state and New York and PJM and we're bearish, we think that the measures you are taking about will reduce capacity prices in New York City, but the net effect in the capacity price area across those four areas we think are about mutual to us.
Elizabeth Parrella: So, you're saying the reduction in New York City is offset by what you see is the up tick in those three other regions?
David Crane: That's exactly what I am saying is, of course, you said it with much greater brevity than I do.
Elizabeth Parrella: And over what timeframe? Is that just '08 or multiyear or --?
David Crane: I would say that's from... the time period we are looking at there is 2008 to 2011.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Silverstein from Merrill Lynch; please go ahead.
David Silverstein: Good morning,
Robert Flexon: Good morning, David.
David Silverstein: Hey, just to clarify from some of the comments you made about the backstop facility. Can you give us some detail in terms of what the rate is, it looked like your earnings release kind of alluded to some sort of a backstop facility being at a rate that was 1% above your existing non-callable loans?
Robert Flexon: It's a $4.2 billion backstop and the pricing I believe is LIBOR plus 250. My believe we will be filing the commitment letter, no, just would be a filing an 8-K on the commitment letter. There are more details to be provided, but it's a $4.2 billion facility, reasonably sized at that level, David, with the liquidity we have on the synthetic LCs, we don't need a $4.7 billion backstop, we have got the $500 million ready to go and so it's $4.2 billion backstop facility.
David Silverstein: Okay.So this is backstop facility. Okay. Then not the 1% than that was alluded to in the press release.
Robert Flexon: No I mean... I am not sure what the 1% was. I mean, obviously the call on the offer on the bond is 1:1.
David Silverstein: Yeah, I know, there was something alluded to the fact that you had a financing available that would cost only 1% above the bonds. Just moving on then, in terms of the seniority of that facility, is that facility senior secured.
Robert Flexon: Yes, David, I mean that on the press release... just to come back and all we are saying there is that we have the right to buy the bonds at 1:1 and we're saying it's 1% above par for the bond, in that saying that we would use the liquidity facility to basically just exchange in the Term B for the... for the bonds and that the 1% represents the call price. That's all we're trying to say in the press release.
David Silverstein: Great. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregg Orrill from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Thanks very much. Two quick questions, the first on the various carbon control initiatives that you've talked about. David, do you have ultimate goal of, that you can quantify in terms of funds reduced or assets created for the company. Could it actually turn into a new business line for NRG? Also on the offer to the bondholders, the way of the change in control at 12.5 basis points. Looks like a reasonable offer maybe not full, maybe you can comment on your commitment level for the new Holdco structure? Thank you.
David Crane: Hi Gregg... obviously, I'll answer the first question and Bob will handle the second. On the carbon control, we haven't set a formal target, but if we did set a target, we are very aware of our carbon intensity as a company, and it's pretty high, we produced almost a ton of carbon, I think we are 0.9 tons of carbon per megawatt hour of NRG output across this week. Actually we'd like to add numbers as low as possible. We continue the current Repowering program taking us down towards the 0.6, 0.7, now I'd say I'd like to be 0.3, but we haven't set a target. But that's way we will look at, because obviously we are a growing company, we'll be somewhat reluctant at least at the company-wide level to set a fixed absolute level of carbon. Is it... in terms of new business areas, Gregg, absolutely, the one true growth area in this mature industry of ours is in the environmental area, and carbon maybe the biggest growth area, so we superseding or supplementing renewables, but in both areas, I think this is something that you should expect to hear more from our company. And particularly in those areas within Renewables and in terms of environmental control, carbon controls, that are very closely tied to what we are doing today. Where we feel that we have a competitive advantage, we want to move very aggressively in this area. We're very pleased with what Padoma is doing for us in the wind area but there is no question that if we... we don't want to be last mover in these other areas, the way we are, we were served at the tail end of the wind movement, so yes you should expect to hear more from us in this area in the future.
Robert Flexon: Gregg, on the consistency, the consistency been offer of the eight [ph], and the way that it works for each class of bond, there is an incentive fee on the pool of bonds, so it would and eight times the pool amount of the pool, and then for those that vote yes. They share in that entire pool. So we expect, say, just for the math purposes, if half of the bond-holders accepted and half didn't the incentive fee would be go from an eight to a quarter, so there is an incentive there. And we view that where the bonds are trading today, at or slightly above par. The various credit accretive events that we have been doing as well as the strengthening that we expect the bonds to get with the Holdco or moving a $1 billion behind them, it offers the appropriate incentive for us to get this thing across the line. On the other hand, we are not going to... we will not be coming back and raising fees or anything, otherwise, we have very solid alternatives to the... for some reason it doesn't move forward. So, we think we have got the right balance out there on economics to make this attractive for bondholders and good for shareholders, so we are optimistic that this will get us there.
David Crane: Jenifer, I think a lot of our listeners have another call to attend. So, we will take one more question, so people can get off the phone.
Operator: Our last question will come from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, congratulations, on a great quarter. David, on the Repowering initiatives, two questions. One, can we get just the latest status update on Carl Stat [ph], and then second on Big Cajun in terms of partnership in the off-take agreement?
David Crane: Mike, I am a little bit... your chemistry here is little disappointed, that you didn't ask your question to him about our trading position, but --
Michael Lapides: I learned my lesson.
David Crane: Well let me... in terms of Carl's [ph] that you are talking about, you are not talking about the existing plant, you are talking about our efforts to re-power that --
Michael Lapides: Yes.
David Crane: Get a contract for that. I think we are in good shaping and you should stay tuned in that regard. I mean, I don't know if there is going to be. I mean, we would certainly expect to be able to give you some news on that before the end of, before the next quarterly call. I am just reluctant to say anything about that, because the confidentiality... confidentiality arrangements around the bidding processes in California are very extreme, but, I certainly expect something before the next quarterly call, and even if there is a little bit of a delay because of the distraction in terms of the companies, all the companies down there struggling with the wild fire situation, but stay tuned. As to Big Cajun I, we are actually in a very good position. I think, both, with respect to partnership and off-take on that project. What we are waiting for is for the air department to clear the EPA, and as soon as that happens you should be hearing from us something about that project as well. And again that's serving the same eminent basket as Carl said.
Michael Lapides: I may have missed this or it may have not been disclosed yet, did you at all information at all about who the partners are, who the off-take agreements are with? On Big Cajun I.
David Crane: Have we?
Robert Flexon: I don't think we.
David Crane: No, we haven't.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Congrats on a good quarter.
David Crane: Thanks. Well, thank you, Jenifer, and thank all of you who listen. We appreciate you joining us for this call, and of course your continues support and interest in NRG.
Robert Flexon: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman this concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for your participation, and have nice day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Nahla Azmy: Thank you, Sam. Good morning and welcome to our second-quarter 2007 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and from our website at www.NRGenergy.com. You can access the call presentation and press release furnished with the SEC through a link on the Investor Relations page of our website. A replay and podcast of the call will be posted on our Web site. This call, including the formal presentation and the question-and-answer session, will be limited to one hour. In the interest of time, we do ask what you please limit yourselves to one question with just one follow-up. Now, for the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this morning's presentation, management will reiterate forward-looking statements made in today's press release regarding future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We caution you to consider the important risk factors contained in our press release and other filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, in the press release and this conference call. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is August 2, 2007 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events. During this morning's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures of the Company's operating and financial results. For complete information regarding our non-GAAP financial information, the most directly comparable GAAP measures and quantitative reconciliation of those figures, please refer to today's press release and this presentation. Now, with that, I would like to turn the call over to David Crane, NRG's President and Chief Executive Officer.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Nahla, and good morning, everyone. I'm joined here today by Bob Flexon, our CFO, as usual who will be doing part of the presentation. But also, as we are originating this call from the West Coast, I'm also joined by our regional President for NRG West, Steve Hoffman. Jan Paulin, who runs Padoma Wind, our wholly-owned winded subsidiary, and Drew Murphy, our General Counsel, and they will be available to answer any questions that you have about their areas of expertise. I thought that, in a little bit of a departure from our normal way, looking at slide 3 in terms of our presentation, rather than boring you with the same agenda we always show, that I would start by focusing on the current themes. As usual, there's a lot going on at NRG but I think a little bit different maybe some other… there's obviously been some noise swirling around the Company and the Company's capital structure in terms of the unrest in the market. So, I really wanted to focus on these themes. First and foremost, the reason that we are here in California is actually for the ribbon-cutting of the Long Beach Emergency Repowering project, which is the first started and the first completed of our 10,000 megawatt $16 billion repowering program. I think it's a great project and a very significant project, and I'm going to talk more about that later. Second, I want to just point all of your attention to the strength of our baseload hedging strategy. Keep in mind that we have a quarter where there's been a significant decline in gas prices on the front end of the curve, and there's been absolutely no sustained period of hot weather in any of our core markets so far this summer. Yet, our hedge position allows us not only to reaffirm our products but also to raise it. The third thing I want to mention, in terms of what we always talk about, prudent balance-sheet management and the strength and flexibility of our capital structure. There's obviously been quite a bit of speculation about whether we will force the previously announced Holdco structure into an uncertain debt market, and I think, today, we can end that speculation. We will not do that. Not only will we not, but we have alternatives which will allow us to reach all or close to all of our previously stated objectives of a 3% annual return of cash to our shareholders through dividends, share buyback or both. Finally, the Repowering program, in general terms, after 15 months where we've been hard at it, we expended a considerable amount of time and money on the program, I really believe we're on the cusp of reaping significant rewards. In addition to Long Beach, other projects are breaking through. Most notably and most obviously, I'm extremely pleased with how our nuclear development project, STP 3 and 4, is shaping up on all levels and in all aspects. While the time today is not quite right for a full briefing on that project, I look forward to being able to provide considerably more detail in the weeks to come. Looking at slide 4 and highlighting the Long Beach project, just a little bit of a background… this was a super fast-track project conceived, bid and constructed in response to a request for offers issued by Southern California Edison at the behest of the California Public Utility Commission last fall. They wanted significant incremental capacity and they insisted that it be delivered with a high degree of assurance by yesterday, August 1, 2007. In response to this RFO foe at Long Beach, which is a very old facility that we had previously mothballed, we went from 0 to 260 megawatt in nine months. Indeed, the physicals construction was started and completed within four months.Long Beach finished commissioning last week and was accepted by Southern California Edison in a ceremony which was held on site yesterday. For those who understand what it takes to engineer, procure and construct power generation facilities and to secure the necessary permits in a place like Southern California, this result is truly extraordinary. I'm not sure how many power companies in the world could have moved with such speed and effectiveness. The Company put significant money at risk to achieve this result, but the reward is significant as well. In less than 12 months, we took a plant that was costing us $2.5 million a year to mothball and turned into a $25 million a year productive asset. I personally and publicly want to thank Steve Hoffman, our regional President, for all he did on this project, John Brewster, who headed up our new engineering procurement and construction function, Dave Harris, who led the construction effort, Bill Leonard and the entire team that did the work day-to-day for achieving this spectacular result. Looking at slide 5, again, I think this is not only a very good project but it has positive ramifications far beyond its immediate financial impact. As I think I mentioned at the last quarter call, I think this type of super fast-track project is going to become increasingly prevalent as the authorities in all of our core markets recognize that the reserve margins are shrinking. And they need solutions that will bring incremental capacity on in a very short period of time. That obviously benefits people with existing sites. They have a fundamental advantage in that, but to have existing sites in or near load centers I think puts us at a tremendous advantage. In terms of our own assets, it allows us to utilize under-utilized or non-utilized, existing structure, and by so doing monetize that infrastructure. And then also, in some ways, while there are risks, obviously, in redeveloping old sites and moving as quickly as I think these types of solicitations are going to require, there are also certain risks that we don't have. In particular, we don't have to worry as much about the extra now lease since these plants will all have their fuel infrastructure in place in terms of fuel into the plant and transmission out of the plant. Finally, it allows us to deploy our extremely skilled workforce not only in the existing units but on new units next or restored power units. This project itself has allowed us to build up an EPC group which has implemented best processes and procedures in anticipation that they will be constructing bigger things in the months and years to come. Now, turning from Long Beach to focusing on financial highlights, as usual, Bob is going to go into this in considerable detail, but from my perspective, financially it was a strong quarter for us, adjusted EBITDA up over 60%, quarter-on-quarter. These results demonstrate very solid execution from all of our business segments, particularly Texas and the Northeast, and as always, supported by very solid plant and commercial operations activity. While a significant portion of the upside was a result of the Texas hedge reset that we completed last November, there's also another part of the story. The Northeast results, for example, more than doubling in the quarter due to improved generation, power capacity revenues, coupled with active commercial operations strategies that aided in offsetting the mild weather conditions in Texas and in the rest of the country. So as a result of our solid financial performance year-to-date and our fully hedged position for the balance of the year, we're in a position to raise our EBITDA guidance by $50 million. I believe that, particularly in light of the mild weather and the falling gas prices, it's quite a strong statement about the soundness of our baseload hedging strategy and the strength of our execution across all regions and all functions. Now, moving from financial to operational, looking at slide 7, starting with safety in the top left chart, we are pleased with the improvement in our OSHA reportable rates as we move down to 1.7 from 2.0 at year-end. This has been driven by material improvements in the West Coast where we had 0 recordables, even with a construction project, and also improvements in the Northeast. As mentioned on the last call, the staff and plant management at five of the NRG classic plants are working together to qualify for OSHA's VPP program which has been such a success at our Texas plants. Thanks to their focus and hard work of the employees at those plants, four of these five plants and 0 injuries today. Moving to key operational performance metrics, the E-4 results on the bottom left chart… statistically, we were flat year-on-year in the second quarter, but embedded within these statistics are two factors that merit specific mention. In our last call on May 2, I noted that Indian River unit IV, which is the biggest unit at Indian River, suffered condenser and water wall issues throughout the first part of the year, leading to a pre-outage E-4 rate of over 20%. Indian River IV completed a ten-week outage in late May. The unit's performance, post-outage, has improved significantly but it's probably been insufficient time to draw any definitive conclusions. The second statistical driver hurting group E-4 relates to transmission constraints around our Dunkirk plant, which have led to higher forced outage rates at that plant. While this affects E-4 rates, it does not impact revenues as NRG recovers these transmission constraint margins in the day-ahead market. Moving to the right-hand chart, you can see that our generation was down, quarter-on-quarter, largely driven by the mild summer weather in Texas. You can particularly see this in terms of the level of generation from the gas plants in Texas. Nuclear plant generation is down as well, but that's actually just as a result of the 18-month refueling cycle that nuclear plants are on, so that's not a performance issue. So, production is down year-on-year. Shifting to the figures on coal inventory in the bottom-right quadrant, despite challenges to railroad and mine performances during the second quarter due to adverse weather conditions, we continue to maintain a very healthy coal inventory position with aggregate inventory levels above our targeted range of 25 to 30 days. As we said before, we've built these inventory levels across our fleet in excess of our expected coal burn in order to mitigate the risk of transportation or supply disruptions in the future. Turning to the overall FORNRG program, which is depicted on slide 8, again we show the multi-year EBITDA targets for this program, this time divided by functional areas rather than by regions. The aggregate numbers' objectives have not changed, upwards or downwards, since we last updated these targets, nor has our confidence that we will achieve these targets. What I'd like to do today hopefully is shed a little more light on the significant portion of the annual FORNRG savings which we have generated in the past and expect to generate in the future from sources other than improved plant performance. Looking at slide 9, we have spoken a lot about… we have spoken some about these FORNRG initiatives in the corporate areas, but I'd like to give a little more detail. I mean, on the right side of this slide, actually you can see that there are significant initiatives underway with respect to plant operations within that group to drive top-quartile reliability and performance from our baseload plants in particular. I mean, the only thing I really need to add here is just to remind people that the FORNRG program, in terms of the plants, does not incorporate Texas, as the Texas fleet is already operating in the top decile of national performance. In terms of corporate, we have been quite successful in executing projects and initiatives that have resulted in the reduction of insurance premia due to improved plant performance, reduced tax and cash outflows due to efficiencies in our tax structures, and in better cash-management practices. A principle area of current focus for us is now procurement. We see such significant opportunity embedded in this area that we have segregated procurement from corporate and operations. We have several procurement-related initiatives underway or under consideration which gives us confidence not only that we will meet our current FORNRG targets but raise the possibility that there could be additional upside if we are particularly affected in the execution of these procurement initiatives. One such service is fleet-wide maintenance and outage services. We are in the absolute final stages of completing an arrangement with Flora [ph], which will encompass our outage planning, scheduling, execution and continuous improvement functions. Working with Flora, we expect to be better able to achieve economies across our fleet, standardize on Best Practices, and leverage Flora's experience and depth with the intent of reducing outage durations, forced outage rates, third-party reportable industries, and our nonfuel O&M costs. With the outstanding historical performance of NRG Texas, we see greater opportunity in managing the maintenance of our plants as a fleet versus a regional approach. Today, across all of NRG, we utilize over 600 vendors for these services and as a result of these new initiatives will reduce that to a fraction over the coming 12 to 18 months. The arrangement with Flora will be a performance-based agreement that creates a high degree of alignment between us. Their compensation will be based on our plants meeting E-4 O&M costs, safety and other key performance metrics. As such, not only do we expect significant actual cost savings out of the arrangement with Flora but we also expect that improved outage planning and execution will enhance our ability to meet and exceed our operational performance targets as well. Finally, the alliance with Flora also has one defensive benefit; it will allow us to better manage labor constraints that are forecasted in the coming years through improved resource planning and leveraging… I'm sorry, leveraging Flora's capabilities and sourcing qualified labor to meet our needs. Now, switching to Commercial Ops, starting on slide 10, this slide is a reminder that our commercial operations function is tasked first and foremost with maximizing the value of our assets, then taking positions wherever possible that reduce the inherent commodity risk of our physical portfolio, and finally in trading around the assets to maximize extrinsic value. These are our three objectives in that order of priority. In terms of meeting these objectives, our Commercial Ops group has had an outstanding year-to-date. In particular, they correctly anticipated the relative softness of the summer market and sold forward much of our peaking capacity prior to the beginning of the summer. As such, even though the output statistics that I showed before for our peaking plants are off significantly from last summer, the actual earnings of these plants has been healthy. This performance by our commercial operations group is a very significant reason why we are in a position to raise guidance today. Turning to slide 11, one of the critical benefits of our long-term hedging strategy is that we can pick our spots as to when we hedge. That being said, given the trend during the quarter in gas prices, it should not come as a surprise to you that we have not added much in the way of medium to long-term hedges. Early in the quarter, while gas prices were still robust, we increased our hedge position in 2008 by 3%, as shown in this graph on the left. Since then, average prices have retraced and are currently below our target prices for incremental hedges. We continue to monitor our position for 2009 through 2012 and expect to execute additional hedges optimistically as prices rise within the range of our expectations, given our fundamentally bullish point of view. On the fuel side and specifically commenting on coal, near-term Powder River Basin prices continue to strengthen through the second quarter of '07 as the market responded to lower-than-expected coal-production volume in the Powder River Basin. However, we have not been affected by the increase in near-term PRB prices as we hedge beyond our requirements in 2007 at prices below current market levels. Cal '08 and '09 Powder River Basin prices rose during the second quarter in response to the higher prices at the front end of the curve. As with the last quarter, we had an opportunity to add approximately 3.6 million tons in additional PRB hedges for our plants in the 2009-2010 timeframe at prices well below current market. We are comfortably hedged, in terms of coal for 2008 and 2009, and will continue to look for opportune times to add to our limited needs in the years to come. One commodity, before I leave the slide, one commodity fuel which we have not previously commented upon but which questions have arisen recently is uranium. Uranium procurement for us is managed by the STP operating company, subject of course to the oversight of NRG and the other partners in the project. The units at STP are 100% hedged in terms of uranium through 2012. We do not expect the South Texas project will need to be back in the uranium market until such time as the market settles down. Turning to slide 12, looking at heat-rate sensitivity, we continue to retain significant heat-rate upside on our baseload fleet. We do that by using gas swaps rather than power swaps in terms of our hedging, particularly in the out years. You can see the sensitivity to heat rates on the right-hand side of this slide. We will continue to focus on converting some of the existing natural gas hedges to power hedges in order to capture the forecasted heat-rate expansion in the medium term. As you can see come at the front end as the front end of the curve has dropped, 2009 and 2010 have risen to the point where rotation from gas to power begins to make sense. Overall, however, we continue to maintain our view that we should retain significant heat-rate upside, particularly for 2011 and beyond. Also on this slide, I wanted to preview the commodity price rationale for the Cedar Bayou IV plant which we are announcing today. Using the heat-rate chart on the left, we depict two heat-rate curves, one from late last year which reflected the depressed curve which, at the time, was anticipating an overbuild situation in Texas. Since the cancellation of the coal plants, heat rates have corrected and now reflect at least for a couple years in the 2009 and 2010 timeframe and imply a breakeven heat rate for a greenfield combined cycle unit. But what should be interesting to you is the broken line on this slide depicting our breakeven for Cedar Bayou 4, which demonstrates our cost advantage which we have largely due to the fact that we have an existing site, the existing equipment value. These are concepts which I will discuss a little bit in greater detail in the Repowering section. Finally, in terms of Commercial Ops, looking at slide 13, I just want to make sure that, in this summer of mild weather and unremarkable loan demand, everyone recognizes the ever-increasing value of our peaking fleet as merchant market fundamentals improve. It's actually enigmatic that, as reserve margins tighten in all of our core markets, the utilization of our oil and gas fleet, which is over 13,000 megawatt, will increase. As such, these plants represent an enormous out-of-the-money call option on the improving heat-rate environment. For the present at least, there's very little evidence to suggest that there is going to be a wave of new builds that will threaten this improved market situation. Indeed, notwithstanding our success with Long Beach, given the relative dearth of development activity around our industry today, it's hard to imagine that even a concerted effort, were it to be begun today to add new generation, would have much of the impact in any year prior to 2011. Turning to slide 14, capacity market auctions could continue to be a positive story for the Company and a positive development since last year. Capacity market auctions are clearing at higher price levels than anticipated. We expect that, again, given the supply/demand situation, capacity in markets will continue to be strong. We believe that this is going to continue in part because while capacity payments are increasing, the levels of the capacity payments are not sufficient to keep up with the substantial increase in the costs of new power generation capacity. That, in fact, is the main reason, over the recent past and will be in the future, that a new generation supply will be inhibited. Turning to the Repowering program, on slide 15, I believe that, with each passing day, our Repowering program adds more value to NRG and its shareholders with our ever-increasing early entry advantage and the opportunity to participate in the longer-term growth prospects of the strengthening power sector fundamentals. This slide shows the range of developments which we have underway and their relative impact on various key factors. I want to mention again that we're joined here by Jan Paulin, who runs out Wind business and would be happy to answer any questions. That's an area we haven't focused on too much on past quarterly calls. The other thing I would just say about this slide, obviously, you see the importance of the nuclear project, particularly in terms of the avoidance of carbon, which is becoming an increasing issue. So, we believe it's going to be a very eventful fall for our nuclear project. The thing I want to tell you about that in terms of this call is "stay tuned". But today, while nuclear project maybe tomorrow's story, today's story is Cedar Bayou. If we look at slide 16, Cedar Bayou is a new, combined-cycle project that we are announcing in Texas using new equipment held or acquired in the gray market at an existing site using existing site personnel, being developed and constructed in partnership with a like-minded partner. The net effect of this collaboration… a sharing of the responsibility for the project with a capable and financially well-supported partner and an overall net cash cost of installed capacity to us of about $400 per kilowatt, which is a cost considerably below what we believe is to be the greenfield cost of a new, combined-cycle plant today. Turning to slide 17, Cedar Bayou 4 has significant other competitive advantages. Its time-to-market is significantly less than for a greenfield CC GT, again to the existing site, the equipment on hand and the existing infrastructure. Further, as you can tell by this chart, its location in ERCOT in the Houston zone… it's the low marginal cost unit in the Houston zone and is often constrained and has little to no new supply coming before the end of the decade. Again, this slide doesn't even show the operating synergies that come from colocation and that we have a highly experienced team in place at Cedar Bayou already on site, and that's staffing the new unit and will require only 16 additional personnel. Turning to slide 18 and the activities at Padoma Wind, we've made significant strides under Jan's leadership in wind development and expect to be announcing final details of our first few projects in the months to come. We've reached a stage of advanced development with respect to three wind projects in particular totaling 442 megawatt gross, 350 megawatt net, to the Company. Accordingly, the Company has secured wind turbines from General Electric and Siemens for two of the projects; for the third project, the partner is supplying the wind turbines. Two of these projects are located in Texas, one of which is scheduled to commence construction this fall while the other is scheduled to commence construction in the summer of 2008. The third project is in Southern California with construction planned for the early summer of 2009. These three projects represent a significant total cash outlay close to $700 million in total, but due to the necessity in this market of ordering the wind turbines early, that cash outlay is a bit front-end loaded for us in 2007. By 2008, we will be arranging nonrecourse debt finance and possibly tax equity on these projects, and the cash requirements will drop significantly. The other good thing about wind projects obviously is that, like Long Beach, they don't require several years of construction in order to begin generating revenue. Our 2008 projects will begin producing revenue in 2009. Turning to slide 19 and a word on carbon, the purpose of this slide is just to demonstrate to you that we've thought through the carbon issue and are well advanced in structuring our activities to take into account the carbon-constrained business environment that we anticipate and that we're taking into account from all angles. First, on the policy front, we believe there's growing momentum for implementing federal legislation on carbon in the near-term. We're actively engaged with key policymakers in this process in order to help ensure a reasonable outcome. To us, a reasonable outcome is an outcome that actually may do something about greenhouse gas emissions. But does so in a way that doesn't gut our industry or damage the American economy by causing natural gas prices to skyrocket. In order to help achieve this objective, we've entered various coalitions with key stakeholders from industry and also non-nongovernmental organizations, environmental groups, labor groups and the like. We're doing this to increase our own effectiveness in this process. Second, we've been enhancing our capabilities to manage carbon risk commercial front. On May 30, we announced that we joined the Chicago Climate Exchange, which is the world's first voluntary and legally binding greenhouse gas emission reduction registry and trading program. We believe that this provides NRG with significant opportunity to address climate change issues with limited downside, as it sets us up to develop our own trading capabilities in carbon emissions in advance of potential federal legislation… track our net long emissions position for Phase I and Phase II, and help us better understand emerging potential carbon offsets. We also issued an RFP this past February seeking 10 million-ton carbon allowance high-quality offsets for Reggie. This process has been very useful for us in providing insights into the cost of offsets. We're pleased with the results of the indicative bids which were received last April. We saw quite a few proposals for reasonably priced, high-quality offsets which were more than adequate to cover the amount requested in the bid. We look forward to the final stage of this process, which our final bid is due in August. Third, what you have heard most often, in terms of our carbon policies, our attempt through the projects and Repowering NRG is to create a natural hedge to carbon in the form of low-carbon generation resources. We've plans to meet this country's needs for new generation while increasing our own low and no-carbon portfolio, which will be commercially enhanced by the emerging national carbon policy. Now, before I end and pass it over to Bob, I'd like to discuss our projected environmental spend, which is directed obviously at the traditional pollutants. That's set forth on slide 20. You will note that we've changed our previous projection from a single point, which was 1.3 billion, to a range of 1 billion to 1.5 billion. We're doing this for the simple reason that, for the remediation efforts which we have not yet contracted for or begun to implement, the two main variables that influence our cost, namely the capital cost of remediation and the environmental regulations which we are required to comply with, are both so volatile and subject to change that, at this point, that giving a single-point estimate is really quite silly. At this point, the main swing factor in the range being provided is around our Indian River plant, where we are still locked in discussions with the environmental authorities about the timing and nature of our compliance. The range in our environmental CapEx estimate represents the full range of potential outcomes. We will provide an uptake sometime in the next few months as the situation is resolved. Now, turning to slide 21, I simply wanted to flag one other area of current management focus and management development in the Company, which is the building up of our EPC group and particularly of our construction management capability. One of the more significant reasons that our G&A spend is above budget this year is due to the earlier-than-expected buildup of this group and that buildup of G&A spend. That's the bad news. The good news is that we're building up this group in order to handle the significant increase in projects that are actually under construction that we expect to break ground on in the very near future, in the next few months. Today, we've successfully completed one project, Long Beach, but you can appreciate that the construction management resources and back-office support, which will be required when we're simultaneously constructing several projects in multiple markets, will be commensurately larger. We are prepared for this construction load now. Finally, on slide 22, by way of conclusion, I'm trying to depict visually what hopefully you all have gathered from my comments today, which is the interconnectivity and mutually reinforcing value creation of all that we're doing at NRG. While sometime it seems internally, as we are constantly moving in every direction at once, we actually are moving at all times to advance all aspects of our business which need to be advanced to ensure that we can create value for our shareholders while effectively managing the risks inherent in our business. Bob?
Robert C. Flexon: Thank you, David, and good morning. Today, I will provide our customary review of our second-quarter financial performance, along with an updated 2007 outlook. In connection with our Repowering advancements announced today, I will provide additional information on the timing of capital expenditures and preliminary financing plans. My final topic will address capital allocation, the planned formation of the Holdco structure, and how the current credit market volatility may impact its implementation. While we continue to review our alternatives, I will highlight right now that we will not put the Company at risk by entering an unstable credit market. We stand by our commitment of returning capital to shareholders. Should we elect to delay initiation of the common stock dividend, we will increase our common share repurchases in 2008. Let's begin with a review of the second-quarter results. The second-quarter 2007 EBITDA was $577 million versus $393 million for the same period last year, as shown on slide 24. After removing the forward mark-to-market impact from EBITDA, quarterly adjusted EBITDA increased about $205 million to $533 million, a stronger quarter than what we had forecasted. Second-quarter gross margins benefited from the $156 million revenue increase in the Texas region from the November 2006 contract hedge reset. Lower Texas gas generation versus the prior year, due to cooler weather and lower capacity revenues, are more than offset by a 5% increase in baseload generation and merchant revenues. The Northeast had a strong second-quarter performance as gross margins increased by $48 million, mainly from a 9% increase from generation and higher pricing. Gas generation at our Arthur Kill plant increased 108% during the quarter, versus the same period last year, as it was called upon frequently to reduce transmission constraints around New York City. The 15% increase in natural gas prices during the quarter contributed to improved merchant and contracted power pricing. South Central also reported a quarter-over-quarter improvement as margins were $12 million higher, driven by new contracts, increased merchant sales and new capacity and revenue billing peaks established during 2006. Development spending on our RepoweringNRG projects was $36 million during the quarter, $23 million for the development of the two units at the STP nuclear generating station in preparation for the submission of the combined operating license application. Our Padoma Wind subsidiary incurred $4 million of expenses in pursuit of wind development opportunities. Other factors contributing to increased quarterly EBITDA are the increased gross margins in our West region and sales of excess submission credits. West margins improved $5 million due to new tolling agreements in place at the region's Encina and El Segundo plants. Net sales of emission allowances increased $9 million to $19 million as we monetized a portion of the excess bank when prices recovered during the quarter. Taking a look at our first-half performance versus last year, our adjusted EBITDA, excluding mark-to-market activity, grew $421 million. Key contributors to the year-over-year improvement included $123 million and $8 million, respectively, for the full-year inclusion of Texas and West regional results, $245 million from the year-to-date impact of the hedge reset, $115 million higher Northeast margins due to higher generation in pricing in the region, as well as increased capacity revenues. These favorable results were partially offset by development expenses and a $43 million decline in sales of emission allowances. Other factors influencing the first-half results included a $207 million decline in Texas capacity revenues due to a requested reduction in our participation in capacity auctions that was offset by increased contract and merchant revenues. Cost of energy for Texas, excluding the additional month, declined year-over-year by $77 million. Purchase power expenses decreased by $27 million due to improved plant availability in 2007. In addition, peaking gas generation declined by 1 million megawatt hours, resulting in a gas cost decline of $83 million as cooler weather reduced peak demand. O&M expenses increased by $16 million, mainly due to the spring 2007 STP nuclear refueling outage. Northeast margins benefited from a 10% increase in generation due to a colder winter in 2007 versus 2006, higher power prices, increased capacity revenues, and the effect of transmission constraints in New York City. Power prices in the Northeast rose, on average, up 12% compared to last year. Energy revenues increased $105 million over the first half a last year. Cost of energy increased $35 million due to higher oil and gas costs, due to the increase in generation. Coal costs decreased despite higher generation due to the lower average price of purchased coal and the impact of the Indian River extended outage, which uses higher-cost bituminous coal. Capacity revenues in the Northeast increased by $27 million over the first six months of 2006, $15 million in NEPOOL $9 million in western New York, and $5 million in PJM. NEPOOL benefited from a new LFR end-market and transition capacity market introduced in the fourth quarter of last year, offset by the loss of the Devon RMR this year. Western New York capacity prices increased 109% and PJM benefited from the new RPM capacity market. Net sales of emission allowances decreased by $43 million primarily in the Northeast, due to the combination of increased generation and a 49% decrease in market prices. Development costs for repowering projects totaled $59 million, including $39 million for STP and $6 million for wind projects. G&A costs increased by $19 million… I'm sorry, by $9 million exclusive of the January '07 Texas G&A over the first half '06, due to higher wage and benefit costs attributable to higher corporate headcount and wage or benefit increases. Franchise taxes in Louisiana increased $7 million, due to higher levels of the Company's capitalization from the Texas Genco acquisition. The cash flow for 2007 is shown on slide 25. The improvement in adjusted EBITDA was offset by higher working capital, collateral postings and increased interest payments. The majority of the free cash flow decrease is due to the $375 million swing in collateral movements in support of commodity trading contracts. This year, we paid out or returned $103 million in collateral to counterparties, mainly due to increasing gas prices, while in the first two quarters of 2006 we received a net $272 million due to decreasing gas prices in the first half of last year. If the collateral swings are excluded, adjusted cash from operations was $230 million higher than 2006. Cash interest payments increased for 2007 versus 2006 due to a full six months of interest related to debt incurred to finance the Texas Genco acquisition and additional debt associated with the hedge reset in November of 2006. Cash flows to fund working capital increased by $142 million. Accounts receivable balances increased by $192 million, mainly due to higher market and contract pricing. Substantially all the Accounts Receivable increase is in current accounts, which have since been collected since the end of June. Maintenance and Repowering CapEx were $131 million higher during the first quarter of 2007 versus '06. We expended $205 million of capital in the first half of 2007, $109 million of which is normal maintenance projects, including the STP refueling expenditures of $14 million. Repowering CapEx was $78 million, mostly due to Long Beach wind turbine deposits and Cedar Bayou. Liquidity at June 30, as shown on slide 26, was approximately $1.9 billion, down $373 million since December 2006 and $123 million since June 30, 2006. The reduction in liquidity is mainly due to the $200 million reduction in the synthetic letter of credit capacity as part of our recent restructuring of the first lien credit facilities. Operating cash flows of $459 million plus $29 million of proceeds from the sale of Red Bluff and Chowchilla were offset by $205 million in CapEx, $215 million in common share buybacks, $48 million in scheduled debt repayment, and $28 million in preferred dividend. Our full-your outlook is outlined on slide 27. Similar to the first quarter, our second quarter came in a bit stronger than what we had forecasted. As a result of this performance, along with the lower forecasted expenses for the second half of the year, we are raising our 2007 adjusted EBITDA guidance by $50 million to $2.2 billion for the second time this year. Operating cash flow guidance increased $22 million, due to the increased EBITDA expectation partially offset by an increase in international cash taxes and a $20 million forecasted deliberative build in coal inventory. Free cash flow from our base business, before Repowering capital and preferred dividends, is projected to be $1.07 billion for the full year, which represents a free cash flow yield of nearly 12%. As shown on slide 30, the full-year capital spend forecast, including Repowering, is $630 million. The principle investments to be made during the second half of 2007 totaling $425 million includes maintenance, some of our larger maintenance CapEx in the second half of the year includes the Unit 8 at Parrish, reactor work at STP, transmission work in South Central. Environmental will continue the flu-gas desulfurization projects at Huntley at Dunkirk, and begin scrubber installation at Indian River and Big Cajun II. Repowering with Long Beach complete in Q3, Cedar Bayou and wind projects drive the increase. Financing alternatives associated with our capital spend include for Huntley and Dunkirk environmental investments. We expect to pursue solid waste tax-exempt bonds during 2008 to fund a portion of the capital cost. For Cedar Bayou, we are evaluating project-level financing alternatives which would reduce or completely eliminate our cash equity requirements. For Padoma Wind, we are pursuing equipment and/or project-level financing ranging, depending on the project, from 50% to 80% of the total project cost. Timing of the financings are in 2007 and 2008, as we balance the economics of carrying the cost versus delaying the funding. Slide 29 provides a capital allocation update since our last earnings call. First, I will cover how we are progressing with our 2007 goal of completing the $500 million Phase II buyback plan. During the second quarter, we repurchased 2.7 million common shares for $113 million, bringing the 2007 year-to-date total to 5.7 million shares for $215 million. This, combined with our previous purchases under Phase II, leaves us $53 million short of our $500 million target. With the replenished restricted payments basket and recent declines in the equity markets, we will move quickly to complete the remaining buybacks. I will switch to our forward 2008 and longer-term capital allocation plans. First, let me summarize where we are today. Since our May 2, 2007 first-quarter call, we have implemented a series of changes to our first lien credit agreement. We lowered the interest rate pricing grid by 25 basis points, we received amendments, which other things permitted ongoing dividend as well as a series of other changes to support repowering efforts and increased liquidity. The synthetic LC was reduced from $1.5 billion to $1.3 billion, and we put in place a $1 billion delayed draw term loan that's available to fund a newly formed holding company, which in turn would fund the capital contribution to NRG Energy, Inc. or Opco, with the funds used to repay a portion of its outstanding term loan B. This equity contribution will increase the restricted payments capacity on the Company's bond indentures, facilitating NRG's longer-term capital allocation plans. Final regulatory approvals for the Holdco structure are pending and expected by Q4 2007. Since announcing the structure on May 2, 2006, the credit markets have dramatically changed. Trading levels for our bonds have declined from around 104% of par to the 95%/96% level. Since the formation of Holdco would considered a Change In Control event under the bond indenture, bondholders of the right to put the bonds back to the Company at 101 if Holdco proceeds. As a result, we will be closely monitoring the credit markets as we go into the fourth quarter. If the market environment doesn't improve, Holdco formation would be delayed and the current Holdco financing option would likely expire. The regulatory approvals, however, do not expire at year-end. If the Holdco financing expires, our forward plan includes delaying the dividend and increasing 2008 share repurchases as an immediate near-term response, expanding our peak capacity under the indentures through opportunistic ideas currently being evaluated, and implementing Holdco at a time when credit markets have recovered. While the decision on the formation of funding of Holdco is a fourth-quarter decision, the key take-aways that I stated at the outset are not putting the Company at risk by entering an unstable credit market, standing by our commitments to return capital to shareholders and in initiating additional share repurchases if dividend is delayed. Slide 30 summarizes our 2007 financial objectives which we've shown throughout the year. In summary, the 2007 financial performance for earnings and cash flow is shaping up to be a very solid year for the Company with additional upside. The repowering is accreting value back to shareholders with the commissioning of Long Beach, while additional opportunities, such as Cedar Bayou 4 and wind power projects, are taking shape. Finally, we remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders. We will meet our shareholder return targets in 2008 and continue working towards implementing the longer-term structure. I will turn it back to David for closing comments and questions.
David W. Crane: Well, thanks, Bob. Since we've taken up a lot people's time and I think some people have another commitment attend, Sam, I think we will open the lines directly for a Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from John Kiani from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kiani: Good morning, David, Bob.
Robert C. Flexon: Good morning, John.
John Kiani: Looking at the Cedar Bayou project and some of the information on the slides and some of the heat-rate forwards that you provided, can we infer at least the midteens or something like a midteens after-tax return on capital, sort of a base case? And then with upside from there, if market heat rates rise in ERCOT with the declining reserve margin forecast? Is that the right way to think about it?
Robert C. Flexon: Well, it depends how you look at it, John. We look at it for the actual cash investment that we have to put in there. It is a strong project with strong returns. If we go to the point where we actually want to lever it and look at it on a levered basis, it's just an absolute winners since we could actually fund our entire cash contribution. The strength of that project comes with, as David mentioned, leveraging the infrastructure of the plant. Plus, we had equipment that we were just carrying on balance sheet ad idle, so we're putting that to work. So when you look on the cash investment, it is a very strong return profile project.
John Kiani: All right. Thank you. Then do you have any recent thoughts or updates on MIBRAG and any additional thoughts on your interest in monetizing that asset in Germany?
David W. Crane: John, the MIBRAG asset, what we're really waiting for now is… we've always said that, with MIBRAG like with Gladstone, one of the issues was that it is a highly structured project with all sorts of other parties that have rights. The big thing, as you know, that has changed is that the ownership of our 50% partner in that project is in the process of changing. While they are in that process, there is really very little discussion that can be had with either the existing management or the prospective new owner. We expect that their transaction… we're told their transaction will get all of the necessary approvals and likely close in September. And then we expect to have a full discussion with the new owners. You know, we have certain rights that are triggered by a change in control and we're well where of what those rights are.
John Kiani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Elizabeth Parrella with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Parrella: Thank you. First, if I could ask, on the development projects, David, you mentioned kind of stay tuned on STP into the weeks ahead. Would that maybe suggest that you could be coming back to us with some news on that prior to the third-quarter call? Then, just on the other development projects, can you talk a little bit about whether you've got more traditional TPAs on the wind projects, or if you are pursuing financial-type hedges on those as well as on Cedar Bayou?
David W. Crane: Well, I will hand the question about the type of offtake arrangements on the wind to Jan. On the nuclear project, the short answer, Elizabeth, is yes. We would expect to be getting back to you with details prior... I mean, assuming that the next quarter call is at its usual time at the beginning of November, we would be expecting to get back to you before that with significantly more detail about the nuclear project. On the question of when, Jan, do you want to…?
Jan C. Paulin: Certainly. On the question of when on the issue of offtake on wind projects, it's really… the strategy depends on the location of the projects. The project in California, which we anticipate to build out in 2009, will be at that point in time, the offtake will be covered by a 25-year PPA with a fixed power price for the entire period. In terms of the Texas projects, those will be selling power into the merchant market on the basis of achieving a probably five to seven-year hedge, power rate hedge, which is what we're currently in the process of negotiating with a short list of a number of banks.
Elizabeth Parrella: Okay. If I could follow-up with Bob just quickly on the capital allocation discussion? Just to clarify, could you remind us what the regulatory approvals on Holdco are, where you are on that? The changes to the senior credit facility, are any of those changes contingent on going ahead with Holdco, or is that deal completely done? Lastly, if you could update us on just where the RP baskets are at the end of the quarter?
Robert C. Flexon: Okay. On the regulatory, Elizabeth, there's three regulatory bodies that require approval. We've received two of the three. The third one that we're waiting for is the NRC. We expect to have that, I would say, somewhere around early fourth quarter. So they are all proceeding as we had planned. As far as all of the refinancing that we did back on May 2, everything that we put in place around eliminating cross-defaults from project debt to the first lien or being able to provide liens… or I'm sorry, collateral on a first lien basis, not a second-lien basis, or reduction of the pricing grid that mentioned a moment ago… all of those stay. The only thing that can go away is, at the end of December, the right for us to call $1 billion to fund the Holdco expires at the end of December, so that's the only thing that goes away. The regulatory approvals stay, and they stay in place for quite a while. So if the credit markets settle down and things get much better, whether it's the first quarter of next year or the second quarter, we can fund Holdco; we are set to go. if I look back in time and said would I have done something differently, I probably would have initiated the Holdco approval process earlier than what we did. We went the course of finance first and get the regulatory approval second. Certainly, with hindsight, we probably should have gone for the approval earlier, but it doesn't expire, so we retain the option to do that. Finally, on the RP baskets on the first lien, the bank baskets, at the end of June, we are, in round numbers, about $750 million on the bank side. On the pond side at the end of June, we are around at $110 million or so. Again, both of those baskets grow quarterly at this point in time.
Elizabeth Parrella: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: Good morning. On the Repowering program, obviously there's a lot of benefit at Cedar Bayou for the site value and performing in a partner. As we look at some of the other big projects you guys have identified, do you see similar opportunities where you can get a pretty big capital advantage by letting somebody come in and effectively farm into your economic interest? You know, what kind of return advantage do you see versus a straight greenfield project?
David W. Crane: Well, the short answer to the front part of your question is yes. I mean, given that I think the paradigm of Cedar Bayou is one that we will be trying to use elsewhere, and the nature of virtually all of the projects in our Repowerings program, other than the wind projects, is that they are all at existing sides. We certainly think that, when you get together with like-minded partners, who I think in the case of the Cedar Bayou project we are extraordinarily pleased to be partnered with Public Service of New Mexico and with their partner, Cascade. But you know, not only do the partners bring more to the party but clearly there's the win-win possibility where you can pass some of the benefit of working off an existing site to them and then also monetize some for us by the fact that people reasonably expect they shouldn't get access to the site for free. So I think we can see this, and we will be using that paradigm in bringing partners into a lot of our repowering projects over time. In terms of the last part of your question, Dan, which I think was specifically what type of return advantage does it give us over a true greenfield, Bob, I've ever done that. I mean I don't have a 200 basis point answer or anything to that. Do you?
Robert C. Flexon: The rule of thumb that we've used on this when we looked across our projects… and again, as David said, this is the strength of our Repowering program is what did in Long Beach or in Texas. We've got some great opportunities in South Central and the Northeast. But the general rule of thumb when we've looked at this, Dan, it's been about 10% to 15% cost advantage on the infrastructure.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Then just one other question on the capturing heat rate expansion in Texas, with heat rates in '09 and '10 moving up you said even locking some in. Is that a statement that you guys view the '09-'10 forwards as being a fair price or is there still room, in your view, for that to trend even higher from where we are today?
David W. Crane: Well, I think, if Kevin Howell were here, he would completely obscure the answer to that question, so I think, in memory of his… he is back in Princeton holding down the fort. I would say that it's closer to fair value but I don't want to signal anything about our trading position vis-à-vis 2009-2010.
Dan Eggers: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Gregg Orrill from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Thanks very much. I wanted to return to slide 12 on the hedge profile and heat rate sensitivities. On the heat rate sensitivity of about 1 mmBtu change per megawatt hour, it about equates to about $400 million of EBITDA on knitting out your… netting out your hedge position. On a fully unhedged basis, what would the upside be there?
Robert C. Flexon: Yes, that's close to the fully unhedged…
David W. Crane: Yeah, close to some have to say, Gregg, I don't have the number off the top of my head but it looks a lot like the 2012 range. You have to back out some of the hedges that we have. But we are 23% hedged in 2012, so that probably represents a 75% long position there.
Gregg Orrill: But the 23%, that's largely Big Cajun as well, right, so it's actually even closer to it?
David W. Crane: The 2012 in terms of the gas exposure is almost completely open.
Robert C. Flexon: You are probably in the $400 million to $450 million range, I would say, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. Then, what can you tell us about estimate of overall construction cost on Cedar Bayou?
David W. Crane: Could you be a little bit more specific on it?
Gregg Orrill: You disclosed the equity contribution but sort of cost per kilowatt of construction so we can just kind of get a feel for what CCGTUs cost at this point?
David W. Crane: Go ahead.
Robert C. Flexon: The total project cost, when we looked at the total project cost including the contributed assets, if you will, Gregg, and some of infrastructure, it is about a $300 million project.
Gregg Orrill: Okay.
Robert C. Flexon: That's for the total construction and contribution of equipment and the like.
Gregg Orrill: Great. Then maybe the last question would be around what you're seeing in the… as you implement your hedging program and are the commodities markets on kind of a daily basis, what sort of impact in terms of collateral or in doing business, what sort impacts you've seen there from the recent blowout in credit spreads?
Robert C. Flexon: In the collateral?
Gregg Orrill: Yes.
David W. Crane: We haven't seen any. I don't know if it's the fact that the second lien structure, combined with LCs, insulates us from that. I mean we will check but I mean, we've been through our risk review meetings and we've really… we've seen nothing unsettling and no spillover from sort of the debt market into the trading down credit.
Robert C. Flexon: First of all, from a leverage standpoint, we are about 95% fixed, so we're getting limited impact from the credit markets in general. As far as the collateral markets, we are a net poster of collateral, and the amount of cash that folks owe us is small, so it's not a meaningful number.
Gregg Orrill: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Easy quick one here… can you talk a little bit about the potential addition or new unit at Big Cajun, where you are in discussions with that, and whether you have any additional thoughts regarding your gas assets in the state as well?
David W. Crane: Gas assets in the state?
Michael Lapides: Meaning in Louisiana, Sterlington?
David W. Crane: Well, the second part of your question, Michael, is that, in terms of gas assets in the state, the nature of our portfolio down there, where we are long high-peaking capacity and actually short-based immediate load, you know we've long aspired to be able to buy a 7 or 8 heat rate combined-cycle plants in that region. I've never been able to because we could never get to the price level other people could get too, even though we thought that we had better uses for one servicing our co-op load. So that situation hasn't fundamentally changed. You know, we would like to but we're not going to throw silly money at it. In terms of where we are at Big Cajun is that… and I think that this is, you know, we said from the beginning that, with the original 18 projects in the Repowerings program, there was no way that we were going to go 18 for 18, and that we were going to be financially disciplined. You know, we haven't killed Big Cajun II-IV but we were unable… I think we got commitments to I think something like 450 megawatt of the 700 megawatt and that just wasn't enough in that market. You know, had that plant been located in a true, traded market, an ISO market, maybe that would've been enough, but down there, in a bilateral market, that could not get over the hurdle. We sort of stalled at that number. So where we are now is that we've been pushing forward with a smaller coal or petco-fired project next door, two miles down the road at Big Cajun I. We expect to get the permit for a CFB there and arranging the offtake and the partners for a 200 megawatt project when you already had 450 signed up for a bigger project is quite an easier task. It probably shifts the dynamic in terms of being a seller's market or a buyer's market. So I think the answer to your question is that we're going to be pushing forward with Big Cajun I and then we will be optimistic with respect to Big Cajun II-IV.
Michael Lapides: A quick follow-up… we've seen a couple of assets, combined-cycle type assets in that region trade hands, or announcements of transactions in the $320 to $350 per kilowatt range. Do you view that as kind of being a rich price for those type of assets?
David W. Crane: It's interesting. Michael, I can't really answer that question right now. I think there is a spirited internal debate over whether that's a good price level or a bad price level. Because you know, in that market, there's just not a lot of visibility beyond four or five years out, so you know, I think it's a close call at that level.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Thank you.
Robert C. Flexon: One thing that I just want to correct myself… I had a chance just to look up on the Cedar Bayou IV, I think the total all-in costs are closer to $400 million, so the total cost on the kilowatt is over $700. I was speaking from memory; I looked it up while you were going through…
David W. Crane: That's the actual Cedar Bayou costs. I think people have to keep in mind that not only did we have the existing infrastructure, but a lot of the equipment we either had, as you said, in the warehouse, or we actually acquired some of the key equipment for that plant from other people who had stored equipment.
Robert C. Flexon: So that gives a market view of the true cost per kilowatt.
Nahla Azmy: Operator, I think we only have time for one more question.
Operator: Sure. And our last question comes from Brian Russo from Landenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Good morning. David, earlier you mentioned that the Commercial Ops group had anticipated softening in the summer market and sold the peaking capacity forward. I'm just wondering. Was that strictly related to your take on gas prices or was there something other, something else fundamentally in the market that went into that decision?
David W. Crane: I think it was principally a view on gas prices. I would like to say that they anticipated the summer weather being soft but I don't actually think that we had any greater insights into the lack of summer than anybody else. So I think it was, you know, it was very much a view on the very near-term view of gas prices. I mean, we remain extremely bullish on where gas prices are going in the long-term, but in the traded market over, you know, in the prime market and all, I think they thought it was a little high going into the summer.
Brian Russo: Okay. Then just quickly, that 239 million of shares outstanding used throughout the presentation, is that the fully diluted shares outstanding we should be using?
Robert C. Flexon: No, that's the primary. Fully diluted I think is more like in the 270 range, 270, 280 range.
Brian Russo: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Robert C. Flexon: Thanks Brian.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Brian. Operator, thank you. Thanks everyone for participating on the call. We are sorry we held you over. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference call. Thank you for attending and you may now disconnect your lines.
