===== 2025 Q3  (2025-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the News Corp's Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much operator. Hello everyone and welcome to News Corp's fiscal third quarter 2025 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Lavanya Chandrashekar, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks and we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautious statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I'll pass over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. The sustained strength of News Corp's third quarter results reflects the company's strategic transformation. We have pursued digital growth, realigned our assets, focused relentlessly on cost discipline, and asserted the essential value of our intellectual property in a changing challenging content world. These potent results come despite political turbulence that has clearly affected some of our business partners and undermine their ability to plan coherently. We firmly believe that this disruption is a femoral and that the U.S. has the potential for robust growth when the heavens return to equilibrium. The administration's pursuit of sensible deregulation and a sound energy policy, combined with America's economic progress and innate creativity, should surely produce favorable results. When Adam Smith spoke sagely of the power of the invisible hand, he did not envisage an economic slap in the face from the unruly introduction of exorbitant tariffs. America's animal spirits do need emancipation from the cage of uncertainty. As for our company, net income from continuing operations rose 67% to $107 million in the third quarter compared to the prior year. While revenues were $2 billion ahead of the prior period by 1% despite blustery currency headwinds. Total segment EBITDA increased 12% with the overall margin expanding from 13% to 14.4%. Third quarter adjusted revenues were actually ahead by 2%, while adjusted total segment EBITDA expanded 15%. Our reported EPS from continuing operations doubled to $0.14, while our adjusted EPS was $0.17 compared to $0.13 a year ago. Following the close of the quarter, we concluded the sale of Foxtel to DAZN, highlighting our intention to concentrate investment on three core pillars of growth; Dow Jones, Digital Real Estate, and Book Publishing. The transaction saw the transfer of $724 million of Foxtel debt off our balance sheet and the direct repayment of AUD592 million in shareholder loans to News Corp. We also received an equity interest of approximately 6% in the fast-growing DAZN, which is a world leader in sports streaming. While music has Spotify, DAZN could well become Spotify. We are immensely proud of the Foxtel team and their transformation of the company in recent years and are also proud to be a global partner of DAZN, which has much technological expertise and global reach. The transaction is expected to be earnings accretive and improve our return on invested capital. As we noted last quarter Moody's and S&P have both upgraded the company to investment grade. And there is no doubt that the return of significant cash from the deal combined with the strength of our free cash flow and expected lower capital intensity has increased our optionality. As demonstrated with the sale of Foxtel, we are continuously exploring structural options to maximize returns for our shareholders. The sempiternal importance of quality journalism cannot be underestimated in the midst of the current political. It is imperative that journalists focus on facts a task complicated by fact checking. At a time when even science from climate to medicine has become politicized and polarizing undermining the long-term credibility of one trusted experts and institutions. The currency of credibility will become even more crucial as AI continues its exponential growth and inevitably blurs the lines between the actual and the anthropomorphic. We are pleased with our principal partnership with OpenAI and trust that other operators strip mining our intellectual property fully appreciate their responsibilities to our company, to creativity and to the community. Having recently visited China, it is obvious that America's comparative advantage is not in chips or compute power or data storage but in creativity in lateral thinking. And it would be shameful with big digital players undermine that source of strength by eviscerating IP rights. Blatantly, we believe some AI companies are still in content so much so that they have no doubt ripped off even the President of the United States Donald Trump by ingesting books including the art of the deal and repurposing them for profit without his permission. And we expect the AI inquest will surely have done the same with Truth Social, paranoiding content and data to fuel their economic engines. Returning to our results. Dow Jones was a highlight. We foresaw an improvement in the quarter and that expectation was definitely realized. Dow Jones posted a healthy 6% revenue growth, while profitability surged 12% and the margin rose from 21.7% to 23%. There is still much stroll ahead as Omar and the trustee team realized but we saw digital circulation revenue expand 14% the fastest growth rate in almost three years and recorded improvement in digital ARPU year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter while total consumer subscriptions surpassed the six million milestone. Since our resegmentation in 2020 not only has Dow Jones profitability more than doubled but total subscriptions have risen over 60% with more than 90% now fully digital. The rather active news cycle has unsurprisingly contributed to further increases in audience traffic and subscriptions in recent days. The professional information business at Dow Jones continued to thrive posting an improved 6% revenue growth driven by double-digit expansion at both Risk & Compliance and Dow Jones Energy. Risk & Compliance posted 11% revenue growth despite unfavorable currency volatility as risks rose in the global economy and the need for compliance remained an imperative for thoughtful companies in a fast-changing regulatory environment. Significantly we completed the acquisition of Oxford Analytica and DragonFly Intelligence in the fourth quarter which should enhance our ability to provide insight and intel to companies across the globe. Meanwhile Dow Jones Energy posted 10% revenue growth as we invested in product offerings and built on unique pricing products and real-time analysis. One example was carbon and clean fuels analytics which helps businesses, investors and traders capitalize on opportunities from energy transition at a time of pronounced regulatory upheaval. The Dow Jones team expects that Factiva, which has been an unfortunate drag on professional information revenues should improve in coming quarters as we cycle past the unfavorable impact of a contentious client dispute. At Digital Real Estate Services, profitability surged 19% on a 5% increase in revenues and notably, margin improved from 26.8% to 30.5%. REA posted 6% revenue growth or 11% on a constant currency basis, thanks to a 15% increase in yield compared to the same period last year. REA maintained a rather healthy audience lead with nearly four times as many average monthly visits as domain and nearly five times the user engagement as measured by independent metrics. At realtor.com revenues rose 2%, as growth initiatives across rental, seller and new homes flourished, accounting for 22% of total revenue, even though overall market conditions remain difficult because of elevated mortgage rates and economic instability. Damian Eales Realtor team thrive on competition and are gaining audience and user loyalty, pulling further ahead of Redfin and Homes.com. Thanks to the network effect created by our media platforms. We believe that network advantage will become more pronounced as the character of search continues to change profoundly in coming years. Based on third-party verified source ComScore, total visits to the site reached 239 million in March, representing 29% of market share among the top real estate portals and a 3.7 times traffic advantage over Homes.com and 2.7 times greater than Redfin. While our 4.5 visits per visitor is the category leader and a compelling sign of engagement and loyalty. And let's be very clear. These are not home brewed metrics. In Book Publishing, in a relatively slow season with Brian Murray's guidance revenue expanded by 2% to $514 million and EBITDA rose 3% to $64 million. Thanks in large part to the recent acquisition of German book publisher GRÄFE UND UNZER. Additionally, digital revenues grew 3% as audio books continued to prosper including contributions from our key partnership with Spotify. We saw strength from Gregory McGuire's latest addition to the Wicked universe Elphie: along with other standouts such as Tessa Bailey's Dream Girl Drama and Alex Aster's, Summer in the City. Our Christian division showed sustained strength, particularly in Bible sales and Bible Gateway, which we are developing as both a portal and a community had 87 million uniques during the quarter. We expect that burgeoning site will add to our network effect as a funnel for realtor.com and our media sites, which in turn will drive traffic to Bible Gateway. In the coming quarter, we are excited by the release of the paperback of Shelby Van Pel’s best seller remarkably Bright Creatures along with On Democracies and Death Cults by Douglas Murray, I wish Someone Had Told Me by Dana Perino and Uptown Girl by Christie Brinkley. HarperCollins has acquired the North American rights to The Land of Sweet Forever: Stories and Essays by Harper Lee. The collection set to publish in the first half of fiscal year 2026 will include several unseen short stories from the legendary author of [indiscernible]. The News Media segment posted healthy EBITDA growth of 22% building on the 30% year-on-year growth reported last quarter as our partnerships with open AI and other principal digital platforms continue to benefit our mastheads while the teams were diligent in their cost discipline. At News UK, under Rebecca Brooks' leadership digital subscriptions to the Times and Sunday Times reached $629000, rising 8% compared to prior year and digital advertising revenue at the Times continued to expand. Meanwhile, we launched the Sun Club in February which provides premium journalism and exclusive offers to members. At the New York Post was, rich versus influential as its vast audience finishing with 85 million uniques for the month of March. It is a rare publication indeed that can pose such a broad and deep leadership from the corner office to the oval office. News Corp Australia's mastheads provide an important platform for informed reporting and debate during the recent election campaign. And we also saw continued growth in digital subscriptions reaching 1.1 million. Meanwhile, news.com.au was the number one digital news brand in page views achieving $292 million per month in March according to [indiscernible]. And Sky News Australia was the country's number one YouTube news channel with 5.5 million subscriptions reflecting its local and global reach. The strength of our results through the first three quarters of the current rather colorful fiscal year speaks to the meaningful metamorphosis that began a decade ago. That transformation simply would not have been possible without the leadership of our Chair, Lachlan Murdoch and Chairman Emeritus, Rupert Murdoch and a thoughtful and thoroughly engaged Board. Our success is also a tribute to our employees around the world. And the collective achievement is a sturdy platform on which to build even greater returns for shareholders in the years to come. And now, I turn to our esteemed Chief Financial Officer; Lavanya Chandrashekar to provide further insight into our third quarter results.
Lavanya Chandrashekar : Thank you, Robert and good afternoon. I'd like to start by reinforcing our distinguished Chief Executive's comments on our ongoing transformation. While economic and geopolitical conditions have been uncertain, we continue to be purposeful in our execution and strategic focus. We have transformed our asset mix increasing exposure to recurring revenues while reducing advertising exposure. Moreover, the majority of our revenue is now digital. Our divestiture of Foxtel has resulted in News Corp being more weighted to our 3 core pillars, Dow Jones Digital Real Estate Services and Book Publishing. This is expected to drive faster growth with less capital intensity and hence a higher return on invested capital. Our strong balance sheet and steady cash flow enables us to maximize shareholder value creation. During these turbulent times as you as would expect from Newscorp we are monitoring trends closely. As things stand the direct impact of tariffs on News Corp is expected to be immaterial. Of note at present newsprint is excluded from additional tariffs as our children's and Christian books imported from China. In these volatile times we will continue to focus on what we can control and we'll seek to take cost action as necessary. Turning to the quarterly results which I'm pleased to report were again strong. As a reminder, Foxtel's financial results are reflected as discontinued operations for the fiscal 2025 and 2024 third quarter and year-to-date periods and subscription video services is no longer a reportable segment. News Corp reported fiscal third quarter revenues on a continuing operations basis of $2 billion rising 1% year-over-year and total segment EBITDA of $290 million increasing 12% year-over-year. Margins improved by 140 basis points to 14.4%. This quarter Dow Jones and Digital Real Estate contributed 88% of profitability. Third quarter adjusted revenues rose 2% compared to the prior year with the difference from reported being primarily due to currency impact while adjusted total segment EBITDA rose 15% versus the prior year. For the quarter, we reported earnings from continuing operations per share of $0.14 compared to $0.07 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations per share were $0.17 in the quarter compared to $0.13 in the prior year. Moving to the individual segments starting with Dow Jones. As we expected, Dow Jones results year-over-year improved from the first half with reported revenues of $575 million, up 6% versus the prior year period and was again the largest segment contributor to overall company revenue, and for this quarter also to total segment EBITDA. Digital revenue accounted for 82% of total Dow Jones segment revenues this quarter, improving one percentage point from last year. Overall, professional information business revenues, which reflect our B2B products and services rose 6% year-over-year overcoming a 200 basis point adverse impact from Factiva primarily due to the ongoing customer dispute that we mentioned last quarter a modest improvement from the second quarter impact. Risk and Compliance grew 11% to $84 million with the growth driven by new customers, new products and improved yield. At Dow Jones Energy revenue grew 10% to $69 million, with customer retention remaining very strong at over 90%. In April, we reinvested in risk and compliance to further enhance its product offerings and data sets to include geopolitical security intelligence and risk analysis via the acquisition of Dragonfly and Oxford Analytica. At energy, customer demand for our key benchmark pricing products remained robust, and we continue to expand our offerings with the launch of several new indices assisting customers to hedge more effectively and manage risk in increasingly volatile markets. Within the Dow Jones consumer business, circulation revenues rose 7% versus the prior year benefiting from an improvement in digital circulation revenue of 14% notably higher than the 8% growth posted in the second quarter as we move customers from introductory and bundled promotions to higher pricing. Digital ARPU also increased quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Also of note, the digital circulation revenue growth included an approximate 300 basis points timing benefit. Digital circulation revenues accounted for 75% of circulation revenues for this quarter, up from 70% in the prior year. Digital-only subscriptions improved by 9% year-on-year and by 191,000 sequentially benefiting from seasonality particularly related to students and marked the highest addition since the third quarter of 2024. Advertising revenue of $86 million was flat improving from the prior quarter and the first half rate, with both digital and print relatively flat. Digital represented 63% of advertising revenues in line with the prior year. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter grew 12% to $132 million with margins increasing to 23%. Moving on to Digital Real Estate. Digital Real Estate had another solid quarter, despite a tough prior year comparison and ForEx headwinds with segment revenues of $406 million, up 5% versus the prior year and up 8% on an adjusted basis. Segment EBITDA was $124 million, up 19% and up 25% on an adjusted basis. REA revenues rose 6% year-on-year to $271 million, which included a $14 million adverse impact from ForEx fluctuations.REA revenue grew 11% on a constant currency basis. Growth was driven by a combination of residential yield increases and customer contract upgrades. Residential yield growth improved by 15%. Listings in the quarter were flat compared to the prior year, with listings in Sydney up 4% and Melbourne down 3%. Listings benefited from Easter falling into the fourth quarter this year, but were negatively impacted by floods in Queensland. REA also benefited from higher revenues at REA India and growth at Financial Services, due to higher settlements. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call for more details. Realtors revenue for the quarter of $135 million was up, 2% compared to the prior year marking the second consecutive quarter of revenue growth despite continued difficult macro conditions. At Realtor, lower referral and lead generation revenues were more than offset by robust growth from adjacencies. Realtor continued to show strong growth from new revenue streams such as seller, new homes and rentals, which now represent 22% of revenues. Rentals in particular was notably strong driven by the partnership with Zillow. Realtor.com has been shifting its audience acquisition and engagement strategies to focus on higher-quality consumers and leads, which resulted in a notable increase in revenue per lead in the quarter, partly offsetting softer lead volumes. This shift combined with the persistent affordability issues and home sales volatility, resulted in lead volumes declining 17% while average monthly unique users for the quarter fell 8% year-over-year to $66 million at realtor.com. Expenses at Realtor came in better than we had initially forecasted, driven by the shift of a new brand campaign to the fourth quarter. At Book Publishing, as expected the phasing of frontlist titles weighed on performance this quarter. That said, segment revenues of $514 million, which rose 2% represented the second highest third quarter on record, while segment EBITDA of $64 million rose 3%. The third quarter results included the recently acquired German book publisher. The strong performance from Christian Publishing and continued growth from the UK, offset lower general book sales due to timing of frontlist releases compared with the third quarter last year. Adjusted revenues were flat. HarperCollins posted digital revenues of $122 million, up 3% which was impacted by a combination of the current release slate and lapping the start of the Spotify partnership last year. In total, digital sales represented 25% of consumer revenues flat compared to the prior year. The backlist contributed 65% of consumer revenues up from 63% last year. Turning to News Media. Overall revenue performance was challenged due to tougher advertising conditions partially offset by increased cover prices and subscription pricing across Revenue for the quarter was $514 million down 8% versus the prior year while adjusted revenues fell 6%. Segment EBITDA was up 22% year-over-year to $33 million driven by cost savings initiatives similar to the first half most notably in the UK from the benefits of the commercial printing joint venture with DMG Media and lower Top costs and further cost initiatives at News Australia. Adjusted segment EBITDA also rose 22%. Turning to the outlook. Some of the themes across each of our segments. At Dow Jones the team remains focused on B2B growth including up-selling and new products across Risk and Compliance and Dow Jones Energy. We are pleased with the performance and continue to expect improvement in growth in the second half compared to the first half. Given the mix of subscribers and timing we expect circulation revenue growth to be more similar to the second quarter which was also very strong. At Digital Real Estate, Australian residential due by listings for April were down 11% which was impacted by the timing of public holidays. Please refer to REA for a more detailed outlook commentary. Realtor.com will continue to focus on technology improvements and enhanced content and product offerings. We expect the rate of reinvestment to be modestly higher in the fourth quarter as we continue to focus on growth initiatives and as mentioned also plan to launch a new ad campaign in the quarter. At Book Publishing overall we will face particularly difficult comparisons in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year. At News Media we expect the segment to continue to benefit from ongoing cost initiatives while advertising is likely to be volatile given the macro uncertainty. Also of note we will lap the beginning of the cost savings from the commercial joint venture with DMG Media and the changes at Top TV. As mentioned last quarter we expect other segment costs to be higher than last year, including ongoing AI and related legal costs. With that let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now start the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs. Please unmute your line and ask the question.
Kane Hannan : Good morning, guys. Thank you for the question. Just I suppose on the Dow Jones business the standout in the quarter. Is there any more color you can share around how we think about the rate of investment going into the fourth quarter. It did pick up a little bit this quarter. And just where that investment was on sort of the Dow Jones consumer or across the business? And also how we think about that going forward as well would be helpful.
Robert Thomson: There was no particular startling increase in investment in Dow Jones. We did make the acquisition and the related acquisition costs that of Dragonfly and Oxford Analytica, which will add to the professional information business but we are duly focused on both the consumer business where we are seeing that increase in ARPU that Lavanya spoke about on the last call, and we'll continue to do what's necessary and reasonable to drive that revenue. And secondly, with people, I can say is that we're consistently reporting double-digit revenue increases in the key segments, and there's no reason to presume that those double-digit increases will not continue, particularly at risk and compliance and energy where we have been adding new services modestly and creating new products about charging a premium for premium content. As mentioned, the overall numbers have been complicated by a Factiva relationship which had a 200 basis point impact on total revenue but we are now beginning to let that issue. Overall, we are extremely confident about the continuing growth of both revenue and profits at the professional information business.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Ken. Luke, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Entcho Raykovski with Evans & Partners. Please unmute and ask your question.
Entcho Raykovskis: Hi, Robert. Hi, Lavanya. My question is also on Dow Jones. Just a follow-up on the 200 basis point impact on from the Factiva dispute. Do you mind just to clarify do you expect a similar impact in the fourth quarter? And then longer term, I'm just interested in any comments you could provides on where Dow Jones margins can get to. You mentioned last quarter that you'd expect margins to expand given people will be a greater contributor to earnings. I mean you obviously saw that 1.3% expansion in the quarter. So is there a longer-term target you can share or even just some quantitative direction that would be quite useful. Thank you.
Lavanya Chandrashekar: Thank you, Entcho. I'll maybe start and then Robert can add on. On the Factiva dispute, look as we cycle through it as we start to lap it, I mean the impact of the -- will start to reduce. So in the fourth quarter I would expect a smaller impact than what we've seen in the third quarter which was sequentially smaller than in the second quarter as well. On margins, here's how I think about margins on Dow Jones. First and foremost the growth of the Professional Information Service business that really does help lead to margins the kind of strong growth that we've had on that business of 6% this quarter with risk and compliance up 11% indulgence, energy up 10%. That definitely helps both with operating leverage as well as with sweetening the mix. The growth on the consumer business as well helps with operating leverage. And then the team as always continues to be focused on being very disciplined on costs as well. And so that also helps with margin growth.
Robert Thomson: Yes just to reiterate what Lavanya said, as you note the margin expanded from 21.7% to 23%. And there's every reason to believe that as that professional information business expands so will the overall margin as that is a higher-margin segment. PIB revenues now account for 39% of revenues and a majority of profit and that PIB share of the business is expanding quarter-after-quarter.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Luke, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Joyce with Seaport Research. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
David Joyce: Thank you. Given your very strong balance sheet position now, I was wondering how you're prioritizing the strategy going forward for capital allocation across internal investments, external investments, capital returns? And to the extent there are M&A opportunities, do you envision anything that would provide incremental connectivity among your business lines? Or would be really still focusing on some of the core growth drivers like professional business services? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: David, when it comes to acquisitions, obviously, we can't be specific, but we can be -- give general guidance, and that is we have identified three core pillars, and we will look for opportunities in those three areas. What we will certainly not do is squander our hard-earned cash by overpaying for businesses. And I think you can see our record in that regard in recent years, dare I say, has been impeccable. Look, it's also true that we've received approximately AUD 592 million in cash for the repayment of the Foxtel shareholder loans. Now we've obviously been conscious of our responsibility to shareholders, and that imperative will simply never wane. There has been -- we've all been subject to a certain amount of market turbulence, but our share price as of the close today was just over 32% higher than a year ago. And look, we take that not as a conclusion, but as an increment. And it is fair to say we've been careful in marshaling our cash, maximizing our investments and ensuring that returns through our dividend and a $1 billion buyback reflect those resources. Last fiscal, we returned 70% of our available free cash flow to investors. And as was noted, we've been recently upgraded to investment grade by both Moody's and S&P. So clearly, our optionality has really been greater.
Michael Florin: Thank you, David. We'll go for next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Frank Huber with Huber Research. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
Frank Huber: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it. Robert, I guess, first, congratulations on getting the Foxtel deal done. Should investors, as you guys think out over the next six to 12 months, expect you guys to rationalize, simplify the company any further? I mean, anything potentially on the real estate side where we have to maybe wait until maybe realtor.com sort of turns the corner here in terms of revenue growth and margin and profit enhancement or -- and also Factiva, too. I mean, I go back a long way with Dow Jones. I mean, covering on the sell side back when Dow Jones as a stand-alone company 20, 22 years ago. And remember back then, Factiva was in tough shape and still kind of struggling. -- just looking -- listening to the numbers and stuff. Just wondering if that might be open to be off the books. Just further thoughts on simplifying the company.
Robert Thomson: Sure. Craig, look, the Foxtel deal itself is a living, breathing example of our continuing willingness to make significant decisions about structure and focus in the interest of our shareholders. There's often much discussion about digital real estate, and we obviously examine all segments. But I think, Craig, as you savvily noted on the last earnings call, the current state of the U.S. property market means that there's a significant underappreciation of realtors value. And whatever we may happen to do in whatever sector, we are focused on realizing maximum value for our shareholders. If you look at what we've done over the past few years, we are certainly not strategic some nebulists. We have a fairly clear vision of trends and challenges and opportunities, and we are now in a prime position to take further advantage for both the short- and long-term advantage of our shareholders. If you look at what we've done over the past few years, we are certainly not strategic some nebulists. We have a fairly clear vision of trends, and challenges, and opportunities, and we are now in a prime position to take further advantage for both the short-and long-term advantage of our shareholders. The assets we've retained and developed are world-class, as are our teams, and they are in sectors primed for growth. Look, we remain focused on increasing our asset value and reducing the implied discount to intrinsic value. And needless to say -- which means I am indulging in tautology, we have never been complacent, but we do have some reason to be confident.
Frank Huber: Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Craig. Thanks Craig. Luke, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Alan Gould with Loop Capital. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
Alan Gould: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Robert, I'd like to talk about the original portion of the Dow Jones business. It is doing great, but the original one, you're continuing to grow subs. I know part of the strategy is converting people from promotional pricing to higher-paying pricing. How is that endeavor going?
Robert Thomson: Yeah, look, you're exactly right in placing our strategy at Dow Jones, and total-subs were 7% higher, driven by digital-subs, which rose 14%. And we are very focused on average revenue per subscriber and seeing positive trends, as the Dow Jones dynamic pricing strategy is unfolding. I mean, that trend itself was reflected in the overall 7% increase in circulation revenues, which were up from a 3% increase in the previous quarter. Now, the Dow Jones team is rather confident that the phasing of subscribers from discounted entry-level offers to more standard pricing is proceeding well, and that strategy will be reflected in the digital numbers in coming quarters. And, by the way, in total at Dow Jones, our digital contributed to 82% of revenue. So we are talking about a company that's certainly contemporary in character and a powerful digital platform on which to build.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Alan...
Alan Gould: Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Alan. Luke, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Yes. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Evan Karatzas with UBS. Please unmute your line by pressing star six to ask a question.
Evan Karatzas: Okay. Hi. Thanks. Just maybe a follow-up on Dow with the higher-priced player moving customers to higher-price plans -- can you talk to, I guess, the churn impact from those customers moving to the non-promotion plans? And I guess also any, learnings from that in terms of the elasticity of those consumer subs? And I guess maybe, more medium-term, if potentially price increases could be more of a theme going forward, that might help with continued ARPU growth for that consumer subs business, please? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: Evan, we're learning every day about price elasticity, which is really the kernel of the dynamic pricing system that's being deployed by the team at Dow Jones. Obviously, advanced AI is making that process somewhat easier. You're able to identify certain cohorts where you do have more elasticity, and you are able to identify certain cohorts where there may be some vulnerability. And so, overtime, there's no doubt the aim is to reduce churn and maximize revenue, and we have both the expertise and the tools at our disposal.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Evan. Luke we will take our next question, please.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I'll hand the call back over to Michael Florin, for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Well, thank you, Luke, and thank you to all the investors for participating. We look forward to talking to you shortly. And have a wonderful day. Bye, for now.

===== 2025 Q2  (2025-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the News Corp's Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal second quarter 2025 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Lavanya Chandrashekar, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open some prepared remarks -- they'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautious statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP conciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings releases for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson, for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. News Corp had yet another fruitful quarter, qualitatively and quantitatively. Revenues on a continuing operations basis, which excludes Foxtel, grew 5% to $2.24 billion, while profitability rose 20% to $478 million, as we made significant progress in our digital development. A few more metrics to highlight our performance, net income from continuing operations urged to $306 million, a 58% increase compared to the same quarter in the previous year, that is correct, 58%. While our EPS from continuing operations was $0.40 compared to $0.28 in the prior quarter. And our overall margin rose from 18.7% to 21.4%. Our three pillars of growth, Digital Real Estate, Dow Jones and Book Publishing continued to expand their segment, EBITDA robustly, while we saw the positive impact of rigorous cost discipline and digital development in our News Media segment. With a keen eye on our innate strengths, we took a significant step towards implication with the agreement to sell Foxtel to DAZN, a premier global sports streaming provider, for a total enterprise value of AUD 3.4 billion or approximately seven times Foxtel's fiscal 2024 EBITDA. The agreement is a tangible recognition of Foxtel's successful digital transformation and should surely benefit our shareholders, our partners at DAZN and all Australian sports fans. We expect the transaction to close in the second half of the current fiscal year, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary clone conditions. Hence, Foxtel financials are now reported as discontinued operations. The sale of Foxtel should have a meaningful impact on our balance sheet. Upon closing, Foxtel's outstanding shareholder loans will be repaid in full, including AUD 574 million to News Corp, while its third-party debt will be transferred with the business. News Corp will also hold an approximate 6% stake, in the fast-growing DAZN. We are proud to be long-term partners with the DAZN team and see material value upside potential in the growth of a company that is at the "cutting edge" of international sports development. I encourage you all to download their app and delve into a vast range of sports. In the wake of this important deal, we were delighted that both S&P Global and Moody's upgraded our credit rating to investment grade, reflecting the impact of our long-term strategy of focused investment and emphasis on the return of invested capital. We certainly lead the way in providing priceless content for Generative AI and remain vigilant in our pursuit of Degenerative AI and abuses, our intellectual property. We are pleased with our partnership with OpenAI and hope that other companies in the segment take a similarly enlightened approach. Our legal action against the perplexing Perplexity is underway and we look forward with relish to document discovery. We firmly believe that this discovery process will be an important phase, not just for us, but for all who cherish the sanctity of IP. This sudden rise of DeepSeek is itself, a salutary lesson for all AI players. If they are unable to host fresh, trusted news, their version of AI will lack immediacy and relevance. Data centers and energy sources and new fangled chips may well be essential AI infrastructure. But ultimately, we believe content will be king in the world of AI. One rather general generic post-election observation. We are seeing a tangible increase in business confidence here in the US since the election, the temporary turmoil of transactional tariffs aside. There is a confluence of economic optimism and a cultural awakening with the "yoke of woke having been lifted.". We believe these trends should lead to less superfluous gratuitous regulation, greater capital formation, increased opportunities for all Americans and more candid creative, compelling conversations. Hopefully, an era of censorship and self-censorship is receding into the distance. As for specific segments, digital real estate revenue increased 13% to $473 million and segment EBITDA margin 26% to $185 million. That strength came despite significant growth in the prior year quarter at REA and reflected renewed revenue growth at realtor.com, despite the still hostile housing market conditions in the US, with the 30-year mortgage rates, above 7% in recent weeks. Clearly, realtor.com's efforts to strengthen adjacent revenue streams are paying off with accelerated growth in rental, seller and new homes revenues. Realtor continues to make significant progress in engagement, as evidenced by the highest repeat visitation and most number of views per visit in the in the industry December as per comScore. At REA, the success story continues. As the company achieved a quarterly record in revenue, while extending its audience leadership and reinforcing its position as Australia's preeminent property side. REA achieved 129 million average monthly visits during the quarter, nearly four times more than the nearest competitor on average. Listing volumes rose 4% with yield growth at 14%. While our India division continued to post healthy revenue growth. At Dow Jones, revenue grew 3% to $600 million. Segment EBITDA expanded 7% to $174 million and margins rose an impressive 110 basis points. While overall performance in the first half of the fiscal year has been strong, we expect year-over-year growth to increase in the second half of the year. In Q2, digital circulation revenue grew year-over-year at its fastest pace in two years as digital ARPU improved sequentially and the conversion from introductory promotions and digital bundle offers run ahead of expectations. Readers derive significant value from our Prestige portfolio of the Wall Street Journal, Barron's, IBD and MarketWatch. And we believe there is potential for revenue improvement as we emphasize the strength and the distinctiveness of individual titles. Risk & Compliance and Dow Joe's Energy reported revenue growth of 11% and 10%, respectively and the teams continue to benefit from new products, such as advanced screening and monitoring and analytics pro that add meaningful value for our compliance-focused risk-averse clients. New initiatives contributed about one-third of B2B revenue growth this quarter. Now more than ever, Dow Jones' Risk & Compliance clients are navigating rapidly changing regulations and sanctions. This complex environment in the US and globally boosts demand for risk and compliance products. As organizations rely on our expert insights and comprehensive data to make informed decisions and to stay compliant. The uncertainty regarding the transactional tariffs is driving demand for Dow Jones Energy's insights and forecasting services as clients seek to understand the potential impact on global energy markets and investment opportunities. Book Publishing reported yet another exceptional quarter with revenue expanding 8% to $595 million and segment EBITDA surging 19% to $101 million. Growth in the quarter was powered by strong bible sales, a sterling performance at HarperCollins UK and a healthy mix of titles. Margins improved, thanks to buoyant sales backlist books and a particularly noteworthy 13% increase in audio revenue. Among the best shows, The Pumpkin Spice Café and the first volume of shares in memoirs [ph] were standouts. The successful cinematic release of Wicked have led to strong sales of Gregory & McGuire's four book series, and we anticipate a further boost from the next installment in their series. The positive cycle should continue with the release of the hit film sequel later this calendar year. At News Media, revenue fell a modest 2% to $570 million, but segment EBITDA grew an impressive 30% to $74 million. Success in the quarter was driven by the transient of talk in the UK to streaming and our commercial printing partnership with DMG as well as reduced costs at News Australia. Overall, ad trends moderated world at times posted its largest quarterly net additions of paid digital subscriptions in two years. Digital advertising grew by 13% at the New York Post, where profitability was also assisted by our OpenAI deal. News Media generally has clearly benefited from those OpenAI revenues and we are pleased with the progress in our partnership with Sam Altman and his exceptional colleagues. Content is one part of a broad deal. And for example, our legal and government affairs teams are swapping ideas, and experiences as we negotiate the nuances of AI. As part of our partnership, News Corp content will be featured in OpenAI's new operator product ensuring prominence for our journalism in the burgeoning world of agentic AI. Both companies are striving to ensure that the A in AI does not stand anarchy and alphabetic or absurdity. In a world in which so many media companies and mastheads are in terminal decline, our business is thriving thanks certainly to the diligent and creative work of our talented teams and the savvy strategic guidance of Lachlan and Rupert Murdoch and our astute Board of Directors. Speaking of talent, I'm honored to introduce our new Chief Financial Officer, Lavanya Chandrashekar., who will eloquently expand on the exegesis [ph]
Lavanya Chandrashekar: Thank you, Robert, for the kind introduction. I am delighted to be with all of you today and look forward to meeting many of you in the coming months. I'm excited to join News Corp amid the company's continued impressive digital evolution. As Robert mentioned in December, we announced an agreement to sell Foxtel to DAZN, which for News Corp will allow for a greater focus on our core growth pillars, will meaningfully strengthen our balance sheet and should reduce our future capital intensity. Turning to the quarter. Foxtel's financial results are reflected as discontinued operations for fiscal 2025 and 2024 second quarter and year-to-date periods and subscription video service is no longer a reportable segment. I will not speak to Foxtel's results on this call, and they are excluded from the numbers I'll be discussing today. But more information will be available in the 10-Q to be filed tomorrow morning. We will also be filing an 8-K with recast historic financial information. News Corp reported fiscal second quarter revenues on a continuing operation basis of $2.2 billion rising 5% year-over-year and total segment EBITDA of $478 million increasing 20% year-over-year. Margins improved by nearly 270 basis points to 21.4%. Three core pillars, Dow Jones, Digital Real Estate and Book Publishing, collectively grew revenue by 7% and segment EBITDA by 16%. Second quarter adjusted revenues rose 4% compared to the prior year, with the difference from reported, primarily due to currency impact, while adjusted total segment EBITDA rose 20% versus the prior year. For the quarter, we reported earnings from continuing operations per share of $0.40 compared to $0.28 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations per share were $0.33 in the quarter compared to $0.27 in the prior year. Moving to the individual segments, starting with Dow Jones. Dow Jones reported revenues of $600 million, up 3% year-over-year, similar to the first quarter and was again the largest segment contributor to overall company revenue. Digital revenue accounted for 81% of total Dow Jones segment revenue this quarter, improving 3 percentage points from last year. Overall, professional information business revenue which reflects our B2B products rose 4% year-over-year, notwithstanding an over 300 basis point adverse impact from Factiva, primarily due to the ongoing customer dispute that we mentioned last quarter with the impact greater in the second quarter. This quarter, the growth came from new customers, new products and improved yield at risk and compliance, which grew 11% to $80 million, including a modest negative FX impact due to European exposure and Dow Jones Energy, which grew 10% to $68 million with customer retention remaining very strong at over 90%. During the quarter, Risk and Compliance enhanced its product offerings with the acquisition of WorldECR, a London-based provider of export control and trade sanction news. And in Energy, we continue to see strong demand for newer products associated with carbon, retail fuels and liquefied petroleum gas and experienced robust pipelines and strong closing rates. Within the Dow Jones consumer business, circulation revenues rose 3% versus the prior year, benefiting from improved digital circulation revenues of 8%, double the quarter one rate and the highest quarterly growth in two years. We have started to benefit from the conversion to high pricing from our digital subscriptions added in the past year via introductory promotional offers. Digital ARPU also increased quarter-over-quarter. Digital circulation revenues accounted for 73% of circulation revenues for the quarter, up from 70% in the prior year. Digital-only subscriptions improved by 13% year-over-year and by 27,000 sequentially, negatively impacted by the phasing of marketing promotions and seasonality, particularly related to students and some industry headwinds from search algorithms. That said, we do expect stronger volumes in the third quarter. Bundling subscriptions for the quarter improved by 45% year-over-year to over 950,000 while also benefiting from improved yield with the focus on the three product bundle of Wall Street Journal, MarketWatch and Barron's. Print volume declined by 16% year-over-year, but its sequential decline was the lowest since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. Advertising revenue of $121 million moderated from the prior quarter to a decline of 4% year-over-year as print declined 10% with digital flat, an improvement from the first quarter. Digital represented 64% of advertising revenues, up from 62% last year. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter grew 7% to $174 million, with margins increasing to 29%. Moving on to Digital Real Estate. Digital Real Estate had another exceptional quarter with segment revenues of $473 million, up 13% versus the prior year and 12% on an adjusted basis. Segment EBITDA was $185 million, up 26%, driven by higher profit contribution from REA Group, the highest growth since 2021. Adjusted segment EBITDA grew 25%. REA had an outstanding quarter with revenues rising 17% year-on-year to $343 million, marking its highest ever quarterly revenue on record. Growth was again driven by a combination of residential yield increases, continued strong growth in national listings and customer contract upgrades. Residential yield growth improved by 14%. New buy listings rose approximately 4% with Sydney and Melbourne each up 2%. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call for more details. Realtor's revenue for the quarter of $130 million were up 2% compared to the prior year, marking the first year-over-year improvement since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. At Realtor, real estate revenues were essentially flat as lower referral and lead generation revenues were largely offset by accelerating growth from adjacencies. Lead volumes fell 2%, while average monthly unique users for the quarter fell 6% year-over-year to 62 million at realtor.com. However, Realtor continues to maintain strong audience share despite much higher competitive marketing spend, underscoring the strength and quality of their audience. Realtor also continued to show strong traction on new revenues as seller, new home and rentals represented 20% of revenues, and we anticipate continued strong growth in these adjacencies going forward this fiscal year. At Book Publishing, momentum from the prior year continued with the year-over-year growth improving from first quarter with revenues of $595 million, up 8%, while segment EBITDA improved by 19% to $101 million. Margins expanded by 150 basis points to 17% as positive operating leverage was underpinned by strong digital and backlist performance. We saw strong growth in Christian Publishing from higher bible sales and very strong sales in the UK, as Robert mentioned. Harper continued to benefit from strong physical book orders and continued robust audio book growth across all regions. HarperCollins posted digital revenues of $120 million, increasing 9% from the prior year, driven by strong audio book growth across all regions, including increased adoption at Spotify and increased performance from audible. In total, digital sales represented 21% of consumer revenue in line with prior year. Audio books grew 13% year-over-year, a slower rate than quarter one as we began to lap the initial rollout from Spotify in the UK, Australia and US. The backlist contributed 61% of consumer revenues, up from 60% last year. Turning to News Media. Overall revenue performance improved from the first quarter with advertising declines moderating and the segment benefited from increased cover prices and subscription pricing across mast heads. Revenues for the quarter were $570 million, down 2% versus the prior year, while adjusted revenues fell 3%. Note that both periods were recast to include the contribution from Sky News Australia, which previously had been included in the subscription video service segment. Sky News contributed $17 million in revenues, flat compared to the prior year. Segment EBITDA showed strong improvement, rising 30% year-over-year, driven by cost savings initiatives, as we mentioned last quarter, most notably at the UK from the benefits of the commercial printing joint venture with DMG Media and lower top costs. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 28%. Turning to the outlook. Market trends remain mixed geographically. And given the current spot rates for the Australian dollar and pound sterling versus the US dollar, we expect currency translation to be a headwind in the second half. Some of the themes across each of our segments. At Dow Jones, the team remains focused on B2B growth, including upselling and new products across risk and compliance and Dow Jones Energy. As Robert mentioned, for total Dow Jones, we expect to see improvement in growth in the second half. We expect expenses to be modestly higher year-over-year due to investment, notably in B2B. However, we will continue to focus on cost efficiencies to drive growth. At digital real estate, Australia residential new buy listings for January were up 3%. Refer to REA for more detailed outlook commentary. Realtor.com will continue to focus on technology improvements and enhanced content and product offerings with the goal to be best positioned to drive share when the housing market recovers. We hope to see some revenue improvement, notably from continued growth from adjacencies, but continue to monitor macro trends. We currently expect the rate of reinvestment to be modestly higher in the second half as we continue to focus on growth initiatives. At Book Publishing, as mentioned last quarter, we hope to see further profit improvement in fiscal 2025, albeit likely at a much more modest rate due to difficult prior year comparisons and quarter three will be impacted by facing a frontlist releases. At News Media, while we expect the segment to continue to benefit from lower top TV costs together with savings associated with the new commercial printing joint venture with DMG in the UK, advertising conditions remain difficult with limited visibility and coupled with ForEx headwinds, we anticipate a more challenging second half. As mentioned last quarter, we expect other segment costs to be higher than last year, including ongoing AI and related legal costs. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
David Karnovsky: Hi. Thank you. Just maybe on the Foxtel deal. I want to see if you could discuss a bit the structure here and reasoning to take this own equity as payment and maybe your view on the asset. And then following this, Robert, would be great to get your updated view on the overall News Corp structure, and can you say at this point if you're still engaged in an overall strategic review? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: David, obviously, the deal is subject to the usual regulatory approvals, in particular out of the foreign investment review board in ACCC in Australia, and we're providing whatever information is important agencies require. We do expect that the deal formally close this fiscal. But I should emphasize that we will be close partners with DAZN whose team we've found to be particularly impressive. And I think it's fair to say that they have found the Foxtel team to be particularly impressive. Essentially, you have the marriage of two world-class companies, and together, they will be more than a sum of their parts. As for structural reform, the Foxtel deal itself should reinforce the sense that we are constantly reviewing our portfolio. And that deal is eloquent testimony that we don't just review, we act decisively. We are conscious of maximizing returns to our shareholders and the improved returns have certainly come from buttressing of bolstering our core pillars. And that is reflected in our share price, not entirely, obviously, but somewhat. I'm sure you're aware that our shares have risen more than 26% over the past six months.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Dave. Luke, we will take our next questions.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs. Please unmute and ask your question.
Robert Thomson: Kane?
Kane Hannan: Good morning, guys. Maybe just the comments -- the introduction, Robert, around Dow Jones earnings growth accelerating in the second half despite expectations for more [indiscernible] during in the second half. Just talk a little bit more about what's driving that? Is that the Factiva impact dropping away, improvement in subscriber trends you called out of the journal. So let's just help us stand what gives you the confidence in the improving second half?
Robert Thomson: Well, Kane, I think it's a combination of two things. The Dow Jones circulation trends, the total subs were up 9% at around 5.9 million. Digital only up 13% and we're very focused they're on average revenue per subscriber and are seeing positive trends in the Dow Jones dynamics pricing strategy unfolds. And that was the reflected in the overall 3% increase in circulation revenues despite a continuing fall in print circulation revenue to be counted. So digital circ revenues were up 8% and the Dow Jones' team is generally confident that the phasing of subscribers from discounted entry-level offers to more standard pricing is proceeding well. And we will see that reflected in ensuing months. And then it -- Clearly, Risk and Compliance and Dow Jones Energy are both faring well, and we have all confidence in them.
Lavanya Chandrashekar : If I could just add to that, Robert. I mean -- Kane, one of the things we need to remember is that the second half generally tends to be the time when we have more additions in any case. So there is a seasonality piece there as well, which will help.
Michael Florin : Thank you, Kane. Luke, we’ll take next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please unmute and ask your question.
Jason Bazinet: Just had a question for Mr. Thomson. Given that it's a year into the Spotify deal, can you just remind us what you are hoping to achieve with that agreed? And then based on consumer behavior sort of a year-end, what essence, if any of you learned, so far?
Robert Thomson: Jason, I'm very proud of the partnership with Spotify, which I think itself has changed the audio book market and the broad trends there remain in place now. The audience is expanding and audio overall was 13% higher. And there I say, even the e-books were 6% higher after a couple of years of relatively sluggish sales. I think what we are seeing is a change in consumer behavior, adaptation by both Spotify and Audible for that increased audience. And dare I say we are beneficiaries of that.
Jason Bazinet: Thank you.
Michael Florin : Thank you, Jason. Luke, we will take our next question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Entcho Raykovski with Evans & Partners. Please unmute and ask your question.
Entcho Raykovski : Hi, Robert. Hi, Lavanya. My question is just around the expected use of the proceeds from the Foxtel sale. I appreciate the transaction is yet to close, but you'll get some money as part of the shareholder loan repayment. So do you expect that presents some scope for capital management? Or is your intention to reinvest those proceeds. And I don't know as part of that answer, if you can give us any sort of broad guidance on where you expect CapEx to trend going forward post completion of the sale? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, no, clearly, we are absolutely focused on generating maximum value long-term for our shareholders. We have a $1 billion buyback provision in place. And you can see from our disclosures that that, that buyback is well underway. As well as that, we have the dividend payments. So we're extremely conscious of shareholder returns and returning to shareholders. I mean last fiscal, we returned 70% of our available free cash flow through the buyback. And clearly, the significant increase in our free cash flow in recent years has given us optionality and the upgrades to investment grade by both Moody's and S&P Global in recent days reflect that reality. But we will go on being conscious of our duty to shareholders, but we do so from a position of strength.
Michael Florin : Thank you, Entcho. Luke, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Joyce with Seaport Research. Please unmute and ask your question.
David Joyce: Thank you. I appreciate your outlook for the back half of the year. Could you provide some more color though on the timing of when we would be lapping the price increases, Dow Jones on the consumer and professional services side? And also when you would expect the products to be coming online at the REA and contributing them? And then finally, on Book Publishing. If you have more of an outlook over the next few quarters of significant titles that would be released -- that will be drivers. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, I think we've given as much guidance as we can. They're on the likely trajectory for Dow Jones and pricing. Essentially, what you are seeing, by the way, there is the increase in digital and all which led to 81% of our revenues are being generated through digital compared to 78% last year. And secondly, the continuing influence through the expansion of the pit business relative to the entire business. And impact of that higher margin business on our profitability is quite obvious. The margin at Dow Jones rose from 27.9% to 29%. And there's every reason to believe in coming months and quarters and years, dare I say, that as PIB takes a larger share of revenue, that margin will continue to expand. As for the books business, we have a full roster as always, at HarperCollins, the books that Lavanya and I mentioned. But also we have a very strong backlist there, which is some -- the value of which is sometimes underestimated by certain analysts and through the years, we have been working diligently on bolstering that back, which tends to be more profitable, obviously, enough. And it's not insignificant, the backlist share rose from 60% to 61% of total sales in the recent quarter. That backlist is a platform for future growth.
Lavanya Chandrashekar: I'd just add to that, just to -- on Harper. I mean what we have guided to in the second half is that growth will be moderating because we've had more phasing of this -- off the front list into the first half of the year. So, just something to keep in mind.
Michael Florin: Thank you, David. Luke, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research. Please unmute and ask your question.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Robert, I just wanted to ask you, as you know, you guys went public with your thoughts on optimizing the structure of the company, two Novembers ago. A lot of people applaud you for what you did with Foxtel, simplifying the company from that angle. I'm just curious, as the other gentleman was asking as well. Is there more to go here to simplify the company? I know part of its kind of maybe gummed up a little bit here, just given the tough U.S. mortgage market, if you ever going to do anything with realtor.com, nobody would want you to potentially sell that into the lousy work and we may not optimize the value of it and so forth? But putting that issue aside, can we may be potentially get another announcement here before maybe we get to the two-year mark. I just want to get a little sense here what we're playing with here. Is there more to come here on the optimize the company? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Craig, we are constantly reviewing the structure of the company. And look, it is fair to say that the Foxtel deal itself is hard evidence of that, that -- our consideration of the appropriate structure does not end with that significant decision. But there is no doubt that we have a collection of very valuable assets. And I certainly wouldn't underestimate the value of Realtor. I mean when you look at the new growth areas there, so seller-related revenues, new homes and rentals, all of which have been a focus of investment by Damian and the team. Those revenues rose 51% in the quarter compared to a year earlier. And just one other point worth highlighting at Realtor and this is according to comScore, so it's independent, not one of those wonderful internal metrics used by some. Realtor has a significantly higher rate of visits per unique -- page visits per unique visits than Zillow. And that's valuable. That shows that we have a quality audience. These are drive buyers. These are not drug buyers, I should say. These are customers parking account in the garage.
Craig Huber: Thank you.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Greg. Luke, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Han with Morningstar. Please unmute and ask your question.
Brian Han: Robert, just to be clear on Dow Jones, your expectation that year-on-year growth will accelerate in the second half. Were you referring to revenue growth or earnings growth? And are there any plans to increase investment in Dow Jones going forward, whether in marketing or technology? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: We're always looking for opportunities for Dow Jones. And you can see from the investments, dare I say, Sage investments made in recent years, which are now coming to fruition. If there's an opportunity at a reasonable price, we'll pursue it. We see two areas of potential improvement from the Dow Jones team. One, we're coming into the period, as Lavanya mentioned, of higher sales. And secondly, we are also seeing that the dynamic pricing system adopted by the team is starting to bring us benefit. So, the combination of both.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Brian. Luke, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Yes. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Evan Karatzas with UBS. Please unmute and ask your question.
Evan Karatzas: Okay. Good morning. Can I just ask one around the strong Dow Jones margin expansion you're delivering? Maybe -- sorry, you talked about a couple of minutes ago. Can you just firstly just give an idea of the margin headwind from the Factiva dispute to help us with, I guess, a more normalized margin? And then you kind as well, is this expectation of the 100-ish basis points quarterly margin expansion. Is that around the level are you expecting for the rest of the year or, I guess, going forward, just given the multiple moving parts happening there in the second half that you've spoken to? Thanks.
Lavanya Chandrashekar: Thank you for your question, Evan. This is Lavanya. We're not -- I'm not going to be giving margin guidance for Dow Jones for the second half of the year. But to kind of talk about what the impact of Factiva was, just from a revenue perspective, Factiva had more than a 300 basis point impact on revenue. And so you can kind of do the math there on what that may have impacted from a margin perspective. Look, in the second half, we will continue to be disciplined on cost. We will continue to work towards improving profitability and really focused on monetizing all the subscriptions that we added last year. And we should expect to continue to see upside in margins.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Evan. Luke, we will take our next question please.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I'll hand the call over to Michael Florin for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Great. Well, thank you all for participating. We look forward to speaking to you soon. Have a wonderful day. Take care.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-11-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the News Corp's First Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal first quarter 2025 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks and I'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I'll pass over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. There is no doubt we have begun fiscal 2025 robustly with record first quarter revenue and record first quarter profitability. Revenue rose 3% year-over-year to $2.58 billion, while profitability surged 14% to $415 million. Our profit margin rose from 14.6% a year ago to 16.1%, and recurring circulation and subscription revenues continued to expand, as our reliance on a sometimes volatile advertising market has declined markedly. Our net income jumped from $58 million last year to $144 million and our EPS was $0.21 compared to $0.05 in the same quarter last year. That we have achieved these record first quarter results in macro conditions, which were far from auspicious tells much about the successful transformation of News Corp over the past decade. Meanwhile, the just-completed election has highlighted the importance of trusted journalism in a media maelstrom in which some journalists routinely mistake virtue signaling for virtue. Artificial intelligence harvests and recycles informational infelicities. And so it is critical that journalist inputs have integrity, which is why our partnership with OpenAI is so crucial and why we will certainly seek to challenge AI companies misusing and abusing our trusted journalism. We have indicated in the past that we would prefer to woo rather than sue artificial intelligence companies, hence the alliance with OpenAI, but we have reached a point where litigation is also essential. Dow Jones and the New York Post have started proceedings against the perplexing perplexity, which is selling products based on our journalism, and we are diligently preparing for further action against other companies that have ingested our archives and are synthesizing our intellectual property. We hope that litigation will not be necessary, but we intend to defend vigorously our rights and our journalism. This matter is an imperative for our society and for our shareholders. We are also are pruning the blatant biases of ad agencies and ad associations, which we believe are boycotting certain media properties solely on the basis of personal political prejudices. That is detrimental to companies which advertise and obviously enough to the shareholders of those companies, which are being denied the opportunity to optimize audience reach. The ad heavens are certainly not in equilibrium. As for the structure of our company, we continue to examine changes to maximize our overall value for shareholders. It is true to say we are in active discussions over the future of Foxtel. And we believe all who have studied the worth of our individual assets and our current share price can easily see that price does not reflect the collective value of our businesses. In our view, a clear gap remains, despite the approximately 38% increase in our share price over the past year. The most glaring discrepancy is how the market has assessed the value of REA in our portfolio. By the way, it is really worth highlighting, the presence of Lachlan Murdoch in his early investment of less than $2 million in cash, which gave us a strategic stake that has become a 61% share in a Company worth $31 billion, Australian dollars based on recent trading and has created immense value for all our investors. If you need me to do the math, 61% of $31 billion Australian dollars is approximately $12.5 billion US dollars. Given that our market cap is roughly $17 billion US dollars, that means that Dow Jones, including the Wall Street Journal and the lucrative B2B businesses plus HarperCollins, plus Realtor, plus The Times of London, and The Sun, plus our UK radio network, plus our Australian papers plus Foxtel and a few other companies are apparently perceived to be worth less than $5 billion, which we believe simply defies investing or mathematical logic. Now let's examine each sector's performance and the Company's actual value more closely. In digital real estate, we had a particularly strong quarter at REA in Australia, where listings nationally rose 7% in the quarter and have continued to increase at a healthy level through October. We expect that positive momentum will be reflected in second quarter earnings. There was a certain amount of excitement in recent weeks as REA submitted a thoroughly reasonable bid to acquire the UK market leader, Rightmove. But we applaud the REA leadership team's financial rectitude, instead fastly refusing to overpay for the asset. That the Rightmove Board did not engage constructively, was disappointing, but we are absolutely confident in the potential of REA and that potential was obvious in the excellent results the Company announced today. At News Corp, we have made several important acquisitions in recent years in book publishing and in particular to expand the professional information business at Dow Jones. But these acquisitions have been knowing investment at rather reasonable prices. And the efficacy of that disciplined investment strategy is reflected in our buoyant earnings. In the first quarter, digital real estate revenue overall increased by 13%, while profitability rose 15%. This double-digit growth was driven by REA reaching all-time record quarterly revenue, thanks to strong listing volume and yield and continued growth at REA India. We believe REA's potential is far from fully realized as the company's expansion into financial services remains in an early but burgeoning stage and the development of premium products for agents and for families seeking to buy or sell a property continues at pace. In the US, the property market remains challenged with punitively high mortgage rates, which have had a innocuous impact on sales. But this should be a relatively temporary trend and we fully expect a rebound as those rates decline. Listings have increased year-over-year with a more than 30% increase in active listings in September, but we are seeing particularly low sales of existing homes, which impacted lead volume. Our team is positioning the company for the rebound with product enhancements such as dynamic mapping, the bolstering of our tech stack and building the brand Halo, reflected in a 2% increase in unique users despite the softness in property sales. As with REA, Realtor.com continues to diversify, including expanded sell side and new construction offerings and a rental partnership with Zillow and revenues at each of those adjacencies expanded. At Dow Jones, which has more than doubled in profitability since re-segmentation four years ago and which had a strong fiscal 2024, our B2B data and information services businesses continued to prosper. In Q1, the professional information business expanded revenues overall by 8% with 16% growth at Risk & Compliance and a 11% increase at Dow Jones Energy. For context, our Risk & Compliance revenues over the last five years from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2024 have more than doubled, representing 18% annual compound growth. With global instability and increasing regulatory vigilance, there is no sentient law-abiding company that does not want to minimize risk and maximize compliance. At Dow Jones Energy, we are excited by the recent acquisition of A2i, a leader in AI powered technology used to optimize fuel pricing strategies, which will complement Opus' pricing solutions. On the news side, total Dow Jones digital only subscriptions grew 15%, including a 10% increase at the journal. And we expect circulation revenue growth to improve over the course of the year as we cycle through the phases of promotional pricing. As for advertising, that market remained volatile and affected overall growth rates with digital advertising down 5%. For clarity, it is worth reiterating that advertising as a share of total Dow Jones revenue has fallen from approximately 38% in 2014 to 15% in the most recent quarter. And importantly, advertising revenue at the News Media segment has fallen from approximately 35% of our total revenue a decade ago to 7% in the most recent quarter, with just over half of that figure being digital, underscoring how much we have evolved. At book publishing, HarperCollins had another splendid quarter with profitability expanding 25% and a margin lift of more than 200 basis points. Thanks to strong digital and backlist sales, including JD Vance's Hillbilly Elegy, which sold 1.5 million units across all formats during the quarter. In addition, A Death in Cornwall by Daniel Silva; The Au Pair Affair by Tessa Bailey, and the Wicked collection, which benefited from the movie tie-in, also performed well. Our Bible sales were again robust during a time of acute political uncertainty and intense global conflict. Digital revenue growth at HarperCollins of 15% was driven by the continued success of audio book sales, which climbed 26% and renewed revenue growth in e-books, which increased 7%. Looking ahead, we anticipate that momentum will stay strong ahead of the seasonal gifting period. We also have the release in Q2 of Cher's new book, as well as The Blue Hour by Paula Hawkins, and Unleashed by Boris Johnson, the former British Prime Minister, whose puckish perceptions are compulsively compelling. As the pithy Boris once observed, the beauty and riddle in studying the motives of any politician is trying to decide what is idealism and what is self-interest. And often we are left to conclude that the answer is a mixture of the two. At subscription video services, revenue increased 3% as growth in streaming more than offset declines in linear revenues. While this quarter was impacted by Hubbl costs as is normal with any product launch, those costs have come down sequentially and we expect them to continue to fall. Foxtel's strength is reflected in its successful transition to streaming, which now accounts for nearly 70% of paid subscribers, while ARPU has continued to rise. Advertising on our streaming platforms rose over 45% and accounted for over 40% of Foxtel's advertising revenues with notable strength at Kayo, our sports streaming service. Meanwhile, broadcast churn of 11% fell 70 basis points sequentially and broadcast ARPU rose 4% on prior year to AUD89. Sports are the cornerstone of Foxtel's success with record Rugby League and Australian audiences for the just completed season and a fascinating summer sports looming. These trends drove strong free cash flow in the quarter and enabled the further repayment of shareholder loans. At news media, profitability increased 14% despite the challenging macro environment. Across our mastheads, we are starting to see the positive impact of our landmark agreement with OpenAI as well as the impact of our cost discipline. In Australia, our digital subscribers rose to 1.13 million and the New York Post digital network recorded 103 million monthly unique users in September. The re-tooling of Talk TV meant a much lower cost run rate as we focused on video and deployed the acquired skills to enhance the video offerings at the times and the sun. Our UK results also benefited from cost savings related to our new Print joint venture with the Daily Mail Group and a reduction of investment at The Sun US, which was bruised by sudden capricious algorithm changes. That necessary focus on costs is part of our absolute determination to sustain and invest in our journalism. Now, we come to another significant moment, a moment that is for me personally and professionally tinged with a certain sadness. Susan Panuccio, our esteemed Chief Financial Officer, is stepping down to take a time out from the hurly burly of business to devote time to her beautiful family. Susan has played an absolutely crucial role in the transformation of News Corp over the past eight years. She is an empathetic, enlightened, energetic leader who has helped me, the Board and her colleagues navigate a transition that has fundamentally changed the character of the Company. We have reported record results during her tenure and that is a testament to the success of her sterling efforts. Rupert and Lachlan have made very clear their genuine appreciation for Susan's contribution to the Company and her positive influence will definitely resonate for many years to come. Susan, in her inimitable way, is irreplaceable, but we are honored to announce that our new CFO is Lavanya Chandrashekar, formerly the CFO of Diageo, the global drinks business where she worked closely with the great Ivan Menezes, the late Chief Executive of Diageo. Lavanya was previously the CFO for the North America business as well as Global Head of Investor Relations at Diageo. Prior to that, she had significant and global financial leadership roles at Mondelez and Procter & Gamble. Susan will stay on in her current role through the end of the calendar year and then transition to an advisory role for six months to assist Lavanya in making the transition from bourbon to books and from gin to journalism, though it's fair to say that journalists and gin are well acquainted with each other. We salute Susan and we welcome, Lavanya. The result of the US elections means that one of our cherished Directors, Kelly Ayotte, is leaving our Board to become the Governor of New Hampshire. Kelly too has played a pivotal role in our successful evolution. Her wise counsel has been priceless for me. And her intelligence, her insight and her integrity have been obvious to all who have served with her on the Board. I know that Rupert and Lachlan are sincerely grateful for her service and New Hampshire's gain is surely our loss. And now, for the final time, I give you Susan Panuccio, our brilliant CFO and my dear friend.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert, for those kind words and thank you for a wonderful partnership and your guidance and support over the years, which I shall always value. It's been an absolute pleasure to work alongside you. As Robert said, after nearly eight years in this role and over two decades at News Corp, I'm going to take some much desired time-off to spend with my family. It has been a privilege to help Robert lead News Corp's transformation into the global news and information powerhouse it is today and I truly believe that the Company has an incredibly bright future ahead. I think so fortunate over the years to have had the support of both Rupert and Lachlan together with our Board of Directors and I would like to sincerely thank them all. Most importantly, I want to thank the talented teams past and present across News Corp, who I've had the privilege of working with together with my hugely talented and hard-working finance team who I will miss most of all. I'm committed to supporting Lavanya during the transition and will be a willing resource going forward. With that, I'll take you through the quarter. We have now grown profitability year-over-year for six consecutive quarters by transforming the earnings profile of Dow Jones to focus more on B2B and information services, capitalizing on the upswing in Australian listing volumes at REA while reinvesting and enhancing Realtor's product offerings, revitalizing HarperCollins with strong digital revenue growth and signing a landmark agreement with OpenAI, leveraging the value of our incredible content across the news portfolio. This has helped to drive record first quarter revenue and profitability together with our firm focus on the execution of our digital-first strategy, supported by focused M&A and organic reinvestments and disciplined cost initiatives, all underpinned by our three core pillars of Dow Jones' digital real estate and book publishing. First quarter total revenues were almost $2.6 billion, up 3% year-over-year and total segment EBITDA reached $415 million, up 14% year-over-year. Margins improved by 150 basis points to 16.1%. These results also include $12 million of deal related costs at REA, which impacted total segment EBITDA growth by approximately 3 percentage points. First quarter adjusted revenues rose 2% compared to the prior year, while adjusted total segment EBITDA rose 12% versus the prior year. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.21 compared to $0.05 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.21 in the quarter compared to $0.16 in the prior year. Moving on to the results. For the individual segments, starting with Dow Jones, the first quarter results were again strong at Dow Jones with revenues of $552 million, up 3% year-over-year and was the largest segment contributor to overall company revenue. Digital revenue accounted for 82% of total Dow Jones 'segment revenues this quarter, up 1 percentage point from the last year. Our B2B products continued to grow strongly with professional information business revenues rising 8% year-over-year despite the impact of the customer dispute at Factiva. Approximately two-thirds of the growth within PIB was driven by volume due to upsells, new customers and products and retention remains very strong at nearly 90%. Revenue this quarter included 16% growth at Risk & Compliance to a record $81 million and 11% growth at Dow Jones Energy to $68 million. Those results were particularly impressive in the context of the prior year revenue comparisons, which rose 23% and 20% year-over-year, respectively. At Risk & Compliance, demand remain strong from new and existing customers with recently launched products including two AI-powered products advanced screening and monitoring in partnership with which -- an Integrity Check developing robust sales pipeline. At Dow Jones Energy, revenue in the quarter also continued to benefit from the launch of new products and benchmarks together with price adjustments. As Robert mentioned, Dow Jones Energy acquired A2i Systems, a leader in AI-powered fuel pricing solutions that applies advanced predictive technologies to real-time fuel pricing data and the electric vehicle charging station market. Within the Dow Jones consumer business, circulation revenues rose 1% versus the prior year as growth in digital-only subscriptions was mostly offset by lower print volume. Digital-only subscriptions improved by 15% year-over-year and by 99,000 sequentially. Bundling accounted for approximately 31% of the sequential digital-only volume growth in the first-quarter. Print volume declined by 16% year-over-year, partially offset by higher pricing. Digital circulation accounted for 72% of total consumer circulation revenue for the quarter. The conversion to full or step-up pricing from our digital subscriptions added in the past year via introductory promotional offers has so-far exceeded our expectations, which will help to drive improvements in year-over-year circulation revenue growth throughout the balance of the year, which we expect will be more weighted to the second half. Advertising revenues declined 7% to $85 million lower than we had hoped with digital down 5% impacted by some softness in the technology and finance categories and lower programmatic sales this quarter. Digital represented 67% of advertising revenues, up from 66% last year, while overall advertising revenues accounted for 15% of Dow Jones' total revenue. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter grew 6% to $131 million with costs increasing just 2% this quarter and margins increasing to 23.7%. B2B again accounted for the majority of the profitability. Moving onto digital real estate. Segment revenues were $457 million, up 13% versus the prior year and 11% on an adjusted basis. Segment EBITDA was $140 million, up a robust 15% driven by higher profit contribution from the REA Group, which notably includes deal-related costs for the proposed right move transaction, which was subsequently withdrawn. Adjusted segment EBITDA grew 13%. REA had an outstanding quarter with revenues rising 22% year-on-year to $318 million, its highest-ever quarterly revenues. Growth was again driven by a combination of residential yield increases, continued strong growth in national listings and customer contract upgrades. Residential yield growth improved by 15%. New buy listings rose approximately 7% with Sydney up 11% and Melbourne up 9% with both markets achieving a 10 year high in September. In addition, REA saw strong revenue growth at REA India and growth of financial services due to higher settlements and submissions. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call for more details. Realtor's revenues for the quarter of $140 million were down just 1% compared to the prior year as revenue declines continued to moderate for the fifth consecutive quarter. For the quarter, real estate revenues fell 4%, driven by lower referral and lead generation revenues, reflective of the broader macro trends. Lead volume fell 1%, while average monthly unique users for the quarter rose 2% to $77 million year-over-year and up 4% sequentially as realtor.com continues to maintain strong audience share despite much higher competitive marketing spend. Core to realtor.com strategy is successfully diversifying revenues to capture more of the total real estate marketplace. To that end, the key adjacencies of seller, new homes and rentals collectively grew revenues this quarter versus the prior year, representing 19% of revenues and we anticipate continued strong growth going forward this fiscal year. Realtor.com remains focused on strengthening its core offerings and to be best-positioned for a recovery. We released several product enhancements this quarter, including a renovation designer tool powered by AI, dynamic mapping across all platforms and a visual-based keyword search that was released in beta allowing consumers to use natural language to search for a home. As we expected, the rate of increased reinvestment at realtor.com moderated from the past two quarters with costs up approximately $2 million compared to the prior year. At Book Publishing, momentum from the prior year continued with revenues of $546 million, up 4%, while segment EBITDA improved by 25% to $81 million. Margins expanded by over 200 basis points to 14.8%, helped by a strong digital and backlist performance. We continued to benefit from lower returns and operating cost moderation together with strong Bible sales and higher trade sales in the UK. HarperCollins posted record digital revenues of $129 million, increasing 15% from the prior year, driven by the addition of Spotify and general audio book growth across all regions. In total, digital sales represented 25% of consumer revenues compared to 22% in the prior year. Audio books grew 26% year-over-year, while we also saw healthy growth in e-books this quarter. The backlist contributed 64% of consumer revenues, up from 61% last year. Turning to the subscription video services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $501 million, up 3% compared to the prior year. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose 1% versus the prior year. Streaming revenues accounted for 34% of circulation and subscription revenues versus 30% in the prior year and growth again outpaced declines in broadcast revenues. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $92 million, down just $1 million versus last year despite the inclusion of $11 million of costs related to Hubbl for devices and marketing. Excluding the Hubbl investment, Foxtel's profitability would have been higher for the quarter. For the quarter, adjusted segment EBITDA fell 3%. Turning to News Media, performance was mixed with advertising conditions challenging, particularly in the UK, but that was more than offset by lower costs. As a reminder, advertising revenues for the segment now account for only 7% of total Company wide revenue. Revenues for the quarter were $521 million, down 5% versus the prior year, while adjusted revenues fell 7%. Segment EBITDA, which only accounted for approximately 4% of total News Corp EBITDA showed improvement year-over-year, driven by cost-saving initiatives. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 7%. Turning now to the outlook. Market trends remain mixed geographically. However, we hope to see continued improvements across the portfolio throughout the balance of the financial year. Some of the themes across each of our segments include, at Dow Jones, the team will remain focused on B2B growth, including upselling and new products across Risk & Compliance and Dow Jones Energy. We expect to see improved circulation revenue growth through digital subscription step-up pricing, albeit second half weighted given phasing of renewals and we'll continue to monitor those trends closely. Expenses are expected to be modestly higher year-over-year due to investment, notably in B2B. However, we will continue to focus on cost efficiencies to drive growth. At digital real estate, Australian residential new buy listings for October are up 14% or 7% on a like-for-like basis, excluding additional working days. Realtor.com will continue to focus on technology improvements and enhanced content and product offerings. We hope to see some revenue improvements given expected interest rate cuts and continued growth from adjacency. At book publishing, as I mentioned last quarter, we hope to see further profit improvements in 2025, albeit likely at a much more modest rate given more normalized prior year comparison. At subscription video services, the strategy remains to scale the streaming products while retaining high value broadcast customers through improved ARPU and churn measures and we continue to anticipate the rate of investment at Hubbl to be lower during the remainder of fiscal 2025. At News Media, despite a challenging advertising marketplace, we expect the segment to benefit from lower TalkTV costs together with savings associated with the new commercial printing joint venture with DMG in the UK and ongoing operational efficiencies will remain a focus. We expect other segment costs to be higher than last year due to ongoing AI-related costs, including legal costs. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alan Gould from Loop Capital. Please unmute yourself to ask a question.
Alan Gould: Thanks for taking the question. I've got a general question on OpenAI. So I see Dow Jones, you have content licensing revenue in there. Can you give us some sense on how much AI revenue came in during the quarter? How was split between Dow Jones and the news media segment? And what are the possibilities for getting some AI revenue for the HarperCollins division? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, thanks for the question. We can't be more specific than we already have been about the distribution of AI revenues, particularly from the OpenAI deal, but you will see it having an impact in the news media section. There's no doubt about that as in subsequent quarters. And it is also a part now of the revenue and profit profile of Dow Jones. But other than that, I'm not at liberty to say anything more given confidentiality requirements.
Susan Panuccio: I think, Alan, the only thing I could add to that is, I know we've had some questions in the past about measure done in Australia and the impact of that. And I think all we can say is collectively across all our agreements that we would expect to see a positive year-on-year movement in relation to revenue.
Robert Thomson: Thank you. Alan.
Alan Gould: Best of luck, Susan.
Susan Panuccio: Thanks Alan.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Alan. Luke, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Karnovsky from JPMorgan. Please unmute yourself to ask your question.
David Karnovsky: Hey, thank you for the question. Robert, I think you noted an expectation for Dow Jones consumer circulation growth to improve from here as you cycle past promotional periods. Can you dig in here a little bit, provide any color around that process? What gives you confidence you can bring those promo subs into higher paying tiers? And then as we look out over the medium-term, what should we consider possible in terms of a normalized growth rate for that circulation line? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: David, thanks for the question. Obviously, for legal reasons, my powers of prognostication are somewhat limited. But I think you can see that overall circulation at Dow Jones rose 11% to 5.9 million subs, while digital-only rose 15% to 5.3 million. Now, Almar and the team have been very confident that with the phasing of discounts and subsequent price movements, we would see positive movements in digital circulation revenue. And that is evidenced now with the 4% increase in digital circulation revenue on the same quarter last year. Now obviously, there was a little softness in print, which affected total circulation revenue, but the team confidently expects the positive digital trajectory to continue in this quarter as engagement and retention rates improve.
Susan Panuccio: And, David, we -- just again without giving specific guidance on this, we would expect the rate of increase in revenue for digital to step up at Dow Jones and be more weighted in the second half of the year as those phase customers step up.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Dave. Luke, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs. Please unmute and ask your question.
Kane Hannan: Good morning, guys. And, Susan, thanks for your help over the years and best of luck to the future. Maybe just the books margin this quarter. Just talk about sort of the sustainability of that? I mean, how much of that 250 basis points expansion is the title performance and the back book contribution just maybe more of the digital contribution sort of underlying efficiencies that are more sustainable?
Robert Thomson: Kane, you're quite right. We obviously had a strong quarter at HarperCollins, but it's fair to say that momentum has carried across to the current quarter. Whichever way you look at the numbers, HarperCollins is traveling well. Our margin improved to 14.8% from 12% in the same quarter last year. And as we've already said, the reported EBITDA growth was 25%. Now significantly, our digital sales rose 15% with audio surging 26%. And also significantly, e-books, which had been somewhat soft, rising a solid 7% after a period of relative sluggishness. There's no reason to suggest that those trends will suddenly wane.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Kane. Luke, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Entcho Raykovski with Evans and Partners. Please unmute your line to ask a question.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. Before I ask my questions, Susan, all the best for life after News Corp. So my question is really two-fold. Firstly, looking at advertising at Dow Jones, it has suffered and it's underperformed some peers. I mean, you obviously acknowledged some of the weakness and I get that it's a smaller part of the segment, but are there any business-specific issues or factors which are causing this and what is your thinking around when we might see a recovery? And just secondly, the Foxtel shareholder loans, I think I can probably say that there has been a more recent repayment. Are you able to give us an indication of where they sit now post that repayment, and apologies if I missed this. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, I think during an election period, certain companies are a little bit apprehensive about advertising. So we have seen some softness in finance and tech at Dow Jones. But overall, we do bear in mind that news media advertising is itself only 7% of total revenue and more than half of that is now digital revenue. When you look at Dow Jones in particular, there was a fall in digital revenue, digital advertising revenue and a slightly larger fall in print advertising. But candidly, in the current quarter, we are expecting an increase in digital advertising revenue at Dow Jones and frankly across our news media properties, including the New York Post, UK Mastheads and Australia.
Susan Panuccio: Entcho, thanks for your kind words. And just in relation to the Foxtel loan, it is in the filings and that the balance now sits at AUD545 million.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Entcho. Luke, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research. Please unmute to ask your question.
Craig Huber: Yeah. Hi there. Likewise, Susan, thank you very much for all your help over the years and best of luck to you after News Corp. You've done a great job. Robert, just curious what's -- can you help me just understand it, it's been a year here since you announced your Company is looking to optimize structures gone through the Board of Directors and all that. You made the public announcements that we're sitting here literally 12 months later and stuff. When should investors expect something to materially happen here? I mean it's been a full year. I mean, why the delay -- is the delay because of this Murdoch family issue going through the court system? Is that what's delaying this whole thing? I mean, I just can't believe you lie to me that you guys make an announcement and then nothing happened for a year unless something came out of left field that you were not expecting. So can you just help us understand what the delay is here, please?
Robert Thomson: Craig, I think you'd have to admit it's been a rather dynamic quarter with the REA team bidding to acquire Rightmove. And as mentioned, we're in active discussions over Foxtel and active means active. But there's no doubt that does not remove the disparity between inherent value of our assets and the values reflected in the share price. I did the math in the earlier statement and only the enumerate would not appreciate that discrepancy, but there are quite a few moving parts, whether the continuing express growth at the Dow Jones professional information and the cyclical slump in the US housing market, which obviously affects Realtor and the value of our property portfolio and the Foxtel discussion. So without being sector-specific, we are indeed looking to maximize value. I believe that our current value at the moment is not fully represented in the share price. Even with the 40% increase in that share price over the past year.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Luke, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Lucy Huang with UBS. Please unmute and ask your question.
Lucy Huang: Hi, Robin, Susan. Thanks for taking questions. I've just got one on professional information services. So within Dow Jones, growth is kind is up 8% in the quarter for this business. How should we be thinking about the new rate of growth moving forward? Because I guess last year this business was growing in the low to mid-teens? And do you think some of the new AI and data products that you've released can accelerate growth back into that mid-teens level over the next couple of months?
Robert Thomson: Lucy, as you can see, Risk & Compliance revenues are still continuing there, express growth at around 16% year-on-year and there was another 11% expansion at Dow Jones Energy. And what you're seeing in that seeming softer growth is the impact of the dispute of -- at Factiva, where there was a decline year-on-year dragging down the overall revenue increase. Two things there. One, we hope the dispute will be resolved. And secondly, the team is working diligently to enhance the user experience at Factiva. We have just announced a search deal with Google, which should improve customers ability to both retrieve and deploy valuable intelligence. And without being specific about margins, overall, PIB accounted for 40% of total revenue and well over 50% of Dow Jones profits.
Susan Panuccio: And, Lucy, just to follow up on Robert's comments, the sort of the underlying growth rates within Risk & Compliance and Energy are actually very healthy, as Robert said. That Factiva dispute has impacted the numbers by about 6% this quarter. And so actually, if you added that backlog, you'd be up at the rate that you were sort of expecting. And as Robert said, we'll see how that dispute plays out, but that certainly had the impact in Q1.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Lucy. Luke, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I'll now hand it over to Michael Florin for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Well, thank you, Luke, and thank you all for participating. Look forward to talking to you again soon. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-08-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to News Corp's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. Before we begin the examination of our excellent fourth quarter results, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to all who contributed to the amount of emancipation of Evan Gershkovich. His freedom was made possible by the concerted efforts of concerned principled people who recognized that his incarceration was unjust and immoral. And so many thanks are due to our leaders at Dow Jones, Emma Tucker and Almar Latour and to all at News Corp who campaigned vigorously for Evans release. We also acknowledge the sterling work of the U.S. government, which I oversaw the handover and the role of several other enlightened governments whose divine interventions were crucial. As for the fourth quarter, revenues grew 6% from the prior year to almost $2.6 billion, while profitability improved by a healthy 11% to $380 million, a fourth quarter record for News Corp. Reported EPS and net income were also markedly higher. Moreover, despite the negative impact of high interest rates in some of our businesses, fiscal 2024 was the second best year on record with profitability rising 8% to $1.54 billion. Our core pillars of growth book publishing, Digital Real Estate Services and Dow Jones inspired that increasing profitability and revenue growth, and we believe their strength augurs well for fiscal '25. Prior to delving into the details, I would like to highlight several consequential matters for our company. We took a significant step to prepare for an e-book, which we believe will be defined by the confluence of artificial intelligence and emotional intelligence. Our landmark agreement with OpenAI is not only expected to be lucrative but will enable us to work closely with a trusted preeminent partner to fashion a future for professional journalism and for provenance. That partnership is already fructifying. We have also begun to take legal steps against the Gen AI aggressive, the egregious aggregators who are less principled and more predatory in their confiscation of our content. So-called open source can never be a justification for open slather. We are also considering our legal options in confronting the blatant political bias of advertising industry bodies who have done serious damage and denied many advertisers access to a significant audience. We applaud the work of the U.S. House Judiciary Committee in pursuing the misnomer that is the Global Alliance for Responsible Media or GARM, and its coordinated boycott of media platforms perceived to be unfashionable by illiberal liberals. GARM harm has been real, and there need to be commercial consequences. We believe the company's prospects are patently propitious, and we are also continuing to review our portfolio with a view to maximizing returns for shareholders. That review has coincided recently with third-party interest in a potential transaction involving the Foxtel Group, which has been positively transformed in recent years with record numbers of streaming subscribers, low broadcast churn and rising and broadcast and streaming ARPU. We had no imminent intent to sell Foxtel but are reviewing potential strategic and financial options for the business with our advisers and engaging with third parties in light of that external interest. That process should not be interpreted as a sign that we are not reviewing the status of other segments. As I mentioned, we were not actively looking for purchases and we believe strongly in the potential of Foxtel, given its world-class technology and unique aggregation of sports and entertainment content. With that context, let us analyze the laudable performance in the fourth quarter. Digital real estate had a particularly strong quarter as revenues rose 21% and segment EBITDA surged 25%. That resounding performance was mainly driven by REA, where listings flourished and Financial Services returned to growth, while revenues expanded substantially at REA India. Listings growth continued into July as REA broadened its suite of successful premium products to improve results for clients and lift yields. In the United States, we enhanced both the technology and the offerings to sell and buy-side agents at Realtor.com as we prepare for an upturn in our property market that has been pummeled by high mortgage rates, limited inventory, lofty prices and historically low home sales. While prognostication is not our profession, we are hopeful that interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve are imminent and will have a positive impact on affordability and liquidity in this stagnant market. Certainly, the lesson of the Australian market is that when suppressed demand is emancipated, activity in the housing sector accelerates rapidly and listings prosper. We have already seen sequential improvement in revenue at Realtor.com as the company has taken astute advantage of the complementarity of our media platforms to drive traffic and improve the content experience. There was particular improvement on the sell side, which has become a priority for Realtor.com and which is the core source of revenue for our thriving Australian business. The progress at Dow Jones continues to apace with revenue growth in the quarter of 4% despite a mixed advertising market. At the heart of that growth is the continued strength of B2B, where revenues climbed 14% of Dow Jones Energy and 12% at Risk & Compliance. In fact, fiscal '24 was a pivotal moment in the history of the company. As it was the first year in which more than 50% of Dow Jones profitability was driven by the surging B2B segment. Indeed, it is difficult to overstate the impact of B2B growth on Dow Jones and News Corp over the past four years as B2B revenue has expanded at a compound annual rate of 17% and the margin at Dow Jones has broadened from 15% to 24% while segment EBITDA has more than doubled. Crucially, Digital accounted for 80% of fiscal 2024 segment revenue, up from 67% in 2020. And the core B2B products have renewal rates north of 90%. In that same 4-year span, total subscriptions in the consumer business have burgeoned nearly 55% with digital subs almost doubling. For the fourth quarter, Dow Jones gained 158,000 digital subscribers sequentially and digital advertising expanded 14% year-over-year, more than offsetting the expected declines in print advertising. The quality of Wall Street Journal content continues to be a differentiator as our company signed a valuable multiyear content licensing agreement with the London Stock Exchange Group to provide WSJ news and analysis to its corporate clients, thus building our brand in the European marketplace. HarperCollins reported a notably strong quarter with a more than 250% increase in segment EBITDA to $57 million. As revenue rose 15% to $512 million, reflecting strength in Bible sales in Amazon demand and in audio books, thanks in part to our successful partnership with Spotify. The HarperCollins back catalog continued to perform vibrantly with the Bridgerton collection benefiting from the latest streaming series, while new works like Lucy Foley's The Midnight Feast and Sarah A. Parkers, When the Moon Hatched reached fresh audiences. Overall, digital sales grew 12%. And for the first time, audio books were a largest share of that segment than e-books, soaring by 28% in the quarter. That's right, 28%. There is much to cherish this quarter, including the latest works from best-selling authors, Daniel Silva, Tessa Bailey, Lysa TerKeurst and Jeffrey Archer among others. One interesting sales phenomenon is the resurgence of interest in J.D. Vance's Hillbilly Elegy, which sold 150,000 copies in various formats within 24 hours after his selection as Donald Trump's running mate was announced. In July alone, Hillbilly Elegy sold 877,000 units which will have a positive impact on our Q1 results for fiscal 2025. At subscription video services revenue in the quarter grew on both a reported and constant currency basis and streaming strength more than offset broadcast declines. Audiences are continuing to transition from traditional broadcast to over-the-top consumption. We believe Foxtel is particularly well positioned for both subscriber and advertising growth. As Kayo and Binge have gained traction given their unique strengths in sports and entertainment programming. Those two services added almost 200,000 paying subscribers in the quarter and digital advertising now represents more than 40% of Foxtel's total advertising, with Kayo growing 42% compared to the prior year and the recently rolled out ad offering at Binge growing fourfold. We will keep you updated on the advertising renaissance as the quarters unfold. Our launch of the Hubbl service is still in its early days, but encouragingly, more than 30% of Hubbl customers are new to Foxtel, which is significant given our existing presence and profile in the Australian marketplace. About 75% of customers of the Hubbl aggregation service purchased an additional Foxtel product along with their device and subscription. On the broadcast side, ARPU grew 6% and churn was a pleasingly low 11.7% for the quarter. Foxtel continued to generate strong cash flow as we were able to monetize our long-term sports rights across multiple platforms. In News Media, our profile and impact have only grown over the past year when many news organizations lost the plot editorially and commercially. The collapse of old and new media titles is in stark contrast to our mastheads and our journalists. The quality of our journalism was a prime motivator for Sam Altman and his talented team at OpenAI with whom we are genuinely proud to partner. Leaders from both companies have already begun working together to improve the flow of trustworthy information and develop contemporary distribution channels. Those learnings will be deployed in newsrooms around the world to strengthen our journalists understanding of how the digital reading experience is evolving and how we need to adapt to that changed content consciousness. Meanwhile, we are far from complacent and continuing to develop and reform our news media operations. We are in the midst of a restructuring in Australia designed to enhance our digital progress. While the New York Post was once again profitable this year after decades of chronic losses, and we will look to expand its audience and influence and profitability in the coming year. It is worth highlighting that the post reached a monthly digital audience of 117 million unique visitors in June and that News Corp owns two of the top three best-selling print mastheads in the U.S. with The Wall Street Journal and the New York Post. News U.K. under Rebecca Brooks' leadership saw an improved profit contribution for the quarter and the full year. As we benefited from lower newsprint costs, increased digital subscriptions, cover price rises and lower television expenses. Our strong results for the year and record returns for the quarter would not have been possible without the leadership of Lachlan and Rupert Murdoch, the support of our Board and the admirable efforts of our employees around the world. The company's enduring success is built on an honorable tradition of creativity and curiosity and integrity. Our success would also be impossible without the support of our shareholders and we are acutely conscious of our responsibility to generate value and provide robust returns to those who have invested both money and faith in News Corporation. And we are certainly not beholden to pass structures as we confront the future. I now hand you to our CFO, the Sage Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert, and good afternoon to everyone. As Robert highlighted, our transformation of News Corp continues apace. We have materially grown recurring and digital revenues, added incremental high-margin licensing revenues and focused our reinvestment plans primarily around the core pillars of Book Publishing Digital Real Estate Services and Dow Jones, where we expect the highest rate of returns and shareholder value creation. We continue to deliver cost efficiencies to mitigate inflationary pressures, but more importantly, to allow for investment in growth initiatives across our businesses. This disciplined approach has allowed us to deliver our second best year on record and our strongest ever fiscal fourth quarter profitability. For today's discussion, I will focus on the fourth quarter performance. Fourth quarter total revenues were almost $2.6 billion, up 6% year-over-year, and total segment EBITDA was $380 million, up 11% year-over-year. Margins improved by 70 basis points to 14.7% our core pillars accounted for 87% of News Corp's profits and grew at a robust 28%. Fourth quarter adjusted revenues rose 6% compared to the prior year, while adjusted total segment EBITDA rose 13% versus the prior year. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.09 compared to a $0.01 loss in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.17 in the quarter compared to $0.14 in the prior year. Moving on to the results for the individual segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services. Segment revenues were $448 million, up 21% versus the prior year on both a reported and adjusted basis. Segment EBITDA was $135 million, up 25% as higher profit contribution from the REA Group was partly offset by approximately $11 million of higher costs at Move, a similar increase to the third quarter. Adjusted segment EBITDA grew 28%. REA had another outstanding quarter with revenues rising 37% year-on-year. Growth was driven by a combination of residential yield increases and improved growth in national listings favorable geographic mix and customer contract upgrades. New buy listings rose approximately 16% with Sydney up 26% and Melbourne, up 32%. In addition, REA saw strong growth at Financial Services, which benefited from the absence of a negative valuation adjustment in the prior year and some improvement in settlements, together with higher revenue at REA India. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call for more details. Move's revenues for the quarter of $143 million were down just 2% compared to the prior year as declines continued to moderate from last year. For the quarter, real estate revenues fell 2%, driven by lower referral and lead generation revenues, reflective of the broader macro trends and lower transaction volumes. Lead volume was flat, still constrained by higher mortgage rates, while average monthly unique users for the quarter were also flat versus the prior year at $74 million, but up sequentially 3%. And -- it is worth noting that we have been able to maintain market share according to the MACOM score data. Encouragingly, we are continuing to have notable success diversifying our revenue base with accelerating performance from our sell-side offerings, rentals, which includes our newly formed partnership with Zillow and New Homes. Collectively, those businesses accounted for 19% of revenues in the quarter and grew substantially versus the prior year. As we communicated last quarter, we are focused on best positioning Realtor.com for a housing recovery. Our key strategic focus areas remain the same as we head into the new financial year and include modernizing our technology stack, investing in content for our product offerings, which most recently included the release of a new dynamic mapping feature and leveraging News Corp's network to drive audience share. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $506 million, up 1% compared to the prior year. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose 2% versus the prior year. Streaming revenues accounted for 32% of circulation and subscription revenues versus 29% in the prior year. Total closing paid subscribers across the Foxtel Group were nearly $4.7 million at quarter end, up 1% from the prior year. Total paid streaming subscribers reached a record $3.2 million, increasing 5% versus the prior year and accounting for nearly 70% of the total paying subscriber base. With Kayo adding 108,000 subscribers and Binge adding 76,000 compared to the prior quarter. This speaks to the success of our winter sports codes and strong entertainment content. Foxtel ended the quarter with over 1.2 million residential broadcast subscribers, down 10% year-over-year. Broadcast churn was 11.7% versus 11.1% in the prior year, but down from over 13% last quarter, while broadcast ARPU rose 6% to AUD90, benefiting from new pricing and packaging plans implemented in March. As a result, broadcast revenues declined at the lowest rate in constant currency in over five years. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $74 million was down only $4 million or 5% versus the prior year, despite including approximately $28 million of costs related to Hubbl for devices and marketing. Excluding the Hubbl investment, Foxtel's profitability would have been higher for the quarter. For the quarter, adjusted segment EBITDA fell 4%. Moving on to Dow Jones. Fourth quarter results were again strong at Dow Jones with revenues of $566 million, up 4% year-over-year with digital revenue accounting for 81% of total revenues this quarter, up two percentage points from last year. Circulation and subscription-based revenues represented 79% of total revenues, again reinforcing the stability and recurring nature of the revenue base. We continue to see strong growth at PIB with revenues rising 8% year-over-year, including 12% growth at Risk & Compliance to $76 million and 14% growth at Dow Jones Energy to $65 million. At Risk & Compliance, demand remained strong from new and existing customers with notable success in new products, including advanced media screening and financial instruments. From a customer mix perspective, corporate customers remain the fastest growth segment, growing over 20% and accounting for 45% of our customer base. At Dow Jones Energy, revenue in the quarter continued to benefit from the pricing review together with the launch of a number of new products and benchmarks. Overall, retention remains strong at approximately 90%. Within the Dow Jones consumer business, Circulation revenues rose 1% versus the prior year, with digital-only subscriptions improving by 16% year-over-year and higher by 158,000 sequentially. Bundling accounted for approximately 40% of the sequential digital-only volume growth in Q4. ARPU was stable sequentially as the introductory pricing is starting to rise and the subscribers acquired over the past year have started to migrate to higher pricing. Advertising revenues increased 2% to $102 million, marking the first quarter of year-over-year growth since the first quarter of fiscal 2023. Digital advertising improved 12%, and that marked the strongest growth since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, principally due to a rebound in the technology category. Print remained challenged down 13% and broadly consistent with recent quarters. Digital represented 66% of advertising revenues, up from 60% last year. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter grew 3% to $137 million and was again the largest segment EBITDA contributor across the company. As expected, expenses were higher this quarter, reflective of the phasing of marketing and higher employee costs, which includes a retro payment related to the ratification of a new union agreement. The Dow Jones segment finished as the highest contributor to full year company revenue in financial year '24 for the first time and the highest contributor to total segment EBITDA for the second consecutive year. At Book Publishing, the fourth quarter delivered very strong results and capped a robust turnaround for the full year at HarperCollins, which benefited from normalization of customer demand, strong Amazon sales, moderating inflationary pressure and upswing in digital revenues and much lower return rates. Revenues were $512 million, up 15%, while segment EBITDA improved over 250% to $57 million driven by strong top line growth, coupled with easy comparisons in the prior year. That said, HarperCollins nearly matched its highest fourth quarter revenue on record and achieved its highest fourth quarter profitability since 2018 underscoring that the performance clearly wasn't just a function of easy comparisons. The backlist contributed 62% of consumer revenues, up from 59% last year, while digital sales rose 12%, reaching 24% of consumer sales. Audio books rose 28% in part helped by the recent Spotify partnership at increased promotions from Audible, which led to audio books exceeding e-books for the first time this quarter. Turning to News Media, Performance was mixed with News U.K. posting an improved performance for the quarter, which was more than offset by challenging conditions at News Corp Australia. Revenues for the quarter were $545 million, down 5% versus the prior year, while adjusted revenues fell 4%. Circulation and subscription revenue fell 3% on a reported and constant currency basis due to lower print volumes in the absence of meta-revenues in Australia, which more than offset cover price increases and digital subscriber growth. Advertising was down 5% on a reported basis and 4% in constant currency, with U.K. digital advertising more challenged due to the continued impact from platform algorithm changes. As our news media businesses face ongoing print challenges, they continue to focus on their transition to digital revenues and ongoing cost efficiencies. Segment EBITDA of $28 million declined $17 million or 38%, which was attributed to challenges at News Australia, including higher newsprint prices. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 38%. Turning to the outlook. Market trends remain mixed geographically. However, we exited the fiscal fourth quarter with total segment EBITDA growth, and we hope to see improvements again in fiscal 2025. Some themes across each of our segments. At Digital Real Estate, Australian residential new buy listings for July are up 12%, although the listing volume increase benefited from two additional working days. REA should benefit from an average 10% price increase in Premier Plus that has been successfully implemented. Year-over-year growth rates for fiscal 2025 will reflect strong prior period listing volumes, particularly for Melbourne and Sydney. Move plans to continue with their investment strategy focused on technology improvements and enhanced content and product offerings. We hope to see some revenue improvements given expected interest rate cuts and continued growth from adjacencies. We will be closely monitoring the impact from the implementation of the new buyer agent rules, but we believe we are well placed to benefit from the expected market recovery given the scale of our audience, the quality of our leads and expansion of our adjacencies. At subscription video services, we plan to continue to scale streaming products while retaining high-value broadcast customers through improved ARPU and churn measures. While we anticipate the rate of investment at Hubbl to be lower in fiscal 2025, we do expect modestly higher programming costs related to sports rights escalators. At Dow Jones, we will remain focused on B2B growth, including upselling and new products across Risk & Compliance and Dow Jones Energy. We expect to see improved circulation revenue growth through digital subscription step-up pricing, and we'll be monitoring those trends very closely. While we expect the rate of expenses to be moderately higher year-over-year due to investment, notably in B2B, we will continue to focus on cost efficiencies to drive growth. At Book Publishing, we have seen strong momentum from the backlist in July, including a resurgence from J.D. Vance's Hillbilly Elegy and are very pleased with the partnership with Spotify, which is driving increased competition in audio books. We hope to see further profit improvements in 2025, albeit likely at a much more modest rate given more normalized prior year comparisons. At News Media, the advertising market remains challenging, and the businesses will continue to focus on enhancing first-party data offerings with an emphasis on video to drive higher-quality advertising. We expect the segment to benefit from lower Talk TV costs together with savings associated with the new commercial printing joint venture in the U.K. and ongoing operational efficiencies will remain a focus. We will see new revenue from our OpenAI partnerships in fiscal 2025 reflected in the Dow Jones and News Media segments. We expect CapEx in fiscal 2025 to be moderately higher than in fiscal 2024, primarily due to digital reinvestment in our growth pillars. With that, let me hand it over to the Operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Karnovsky from JPMorgan. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
David Karnovsky: Hi, thank you. Robert, on the Foxtel third-party interest, can you say anything about the nature of the transaction that's being contemplated? And are you engaged with one or multiple parties. It was a little unclear for your remarks. And then how does the potential interest here complicate the thinking or maybe even the timeline behind kind of the broader process of the strategic review?
Robert Thomson: Well, David, you can see from my earlier statement that there are various processes in motion. We have had an overture a significant overdue, which we're naturally assessing -- but let me make absolutely clear that we have full faith in the potential of Foxtel and our talented team at Foxtel who've fashioned a world-class viewing experience and created Kayo, which really is the best at streaming platform globally, hence the interest in emulating its success in the U.S. But on behalf of shareholders, we obviously have to evaluate any interest knowing that we are ourselves further Foxtel fans. I mean the streaming business is surging and broadcast ARPU in the most recent quarter was 6% higher than a year earlier. But secondly, strategically, we have been undertaking a broad review of our portfolio and its potential in the quest to increase shareholder value. Now that review continues apace. But on that particular matter, you'll have to stay tuned, but not indefinitely, not perpetually not at infinitum.
Michael Florin: Thank you, David. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kane Hannan from Goldman Sachs. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
Kane Hannan: Morning, guys. Just to deal with OpenAI. I mean your patents were talking about US$250 over five years. Is there any more color or things you can talk about around that deal that would help us I mean particularly, so how much of that value in the deal was around the back catalog, which may not need to be renewed in five years' time versus for the ongoing content production?
Robert Thomson: Okay. And we really can't go into the precise details, but you will be able to see the impact in our news businesses. It's tangible, it's meaningful. The way to regard the OpenAI agreement is that there will be a guaranteed amount and the two companies will be working to create products that generate even more value for both companies. The OpenAI team under Sam Altman has a sophisticated sense of how to productize profitably and with principal. And neither of those qualities are given with all Gen AI players, some of whom are merely content carpetbaggers.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Kane. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Entcho Raykovski from Evans & Partners. Please go ahead.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. I've got a Foxtel transaction question as well. I mean assuming some sort of Foxtel transaction goes ahead, do you still expect to be able to recoup all of the Foxtel shareholder loans? And if you can remind us how much is still outstanding. I think that would be quite helpful in relation to those loans. And I mean, I appreciate there's only so much you can say, but is that a trade or financial buyer that's most interested? What do you, I mean, what do you think is the most likely identity of the buyer that ends up coming through?
Robert Thomson: Well, look, Entcho, as for Foxtel, we just want to be sure that the process is full and fair and to reassure our cherished colleagues that the external interest should be seen as a clear vote of confidence in what they have achieved and how they have positively transformed the company. I mean you recall the skepticism about Foxtel's fate four or five years ago. that skepticism has become optimism and the company's performance has obviously caught the eye at the discerning eye, dare I say, others, who not only see a great company, but in these turbulent troubled times, an expanding market like Australia, which offers regulatory certainty and ongoing economic opportunity.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, just in relation to the shareholder loans, they're just shy of $600 million outstanding at the moment. And clearly, any transaction would contemplate what we do with those loans.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Han from Morningstar.
Brian Han: Good morning. You guys have been investing in Move for some time now, yet the traffic numbers for Realtor.com continued to be pretty stagnant. So will there be any changes in the kind of investments you'll be making in move?
Robert Thomson: Brian, our unique users in Q4 were 3% higher sequentially at $74 million, even though the market itself is sluggish and the competition is more intense. But the most important thing to bear in mind with Realtors that Damian and the team have been doing a vast amount of work in improving the tech, the experience. And so they're poised with poised, I say, given that the market does seem on the cusp of a revival. And as mentioned earlier, we've seen from our Australian experience that an extended period of suppressed demand can lead to almost an explosion in activity as families can finally afford to make the moves that they've been delaying. And once those movements start, there will be more liquidity, which of itself stimulates further demand. Have to say that Damian has done an excellent job in taking full advantage of our media platforms to raise the profile of Realtor and drive traffic. And there's much anticipation, excitement at Realtor. And in particular, because the revenue of the newer product lines, seller, for example, is markedly higher than a year ago. The U.S. has traditionally been a bio-led market, but the Australian market where we've had stunning success with REA is a seller market. So we're pleased to see that growth trend here. And we're also pleased to see today that 30-year mortgage rates dropped to a 15-month low to 6.47%. Now it's fair to presume that rate will continue to fall over time. And historically, there's been a corresponding increase in housing activity.
Susan Panuccio: And Brian, to that end, and to what Robert was saying, we will keep investing in the business because we believe in the business. We expect the cost increases to be modest for the full year, with the increases more weighted to the second half. but you can expect that the dollar value of those increments are going to be less than the dollar value of the increments that you saw in Q3 and Q4 of this year.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Brian. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Leung from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Darren Leung: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the good results. My question was just in relation to Foxtel maybe just on the operational side. Robert, you made some comments about the improvement in Foxtel thus far. I guess when I think about the Investor Day in 2021, there were sort of three major aspirational targets, subscribers, revenue, sort of CapEx targets, things like -- sort of hit 2024, and we're just a little bit share of those targets. I guess I'm keen to hear if there's any update in terms of how you're thinking about those new targets either from a commentative perspective or from a timeline perspective, particularly in light of the strategic new.
Robert Thomson: Darren, we can't really reveal any more figures than we already have today. But our ambitions for Foxtel are undaunted. And I think what is particularly striking is that you're seeing growth in the streaming business. while combined with about 6% increase in ARPU in the Broadcast segment. So you're not seeing the fundamentally fatal contradictions that you are at some broadcasting companies in other parts of the world, which is why no doubt, the success of Kayo, the success of Binge, the emerging success of Hubbl have attracted a certain amount of attention.
Susan Panuccio: And Darren, since we had that Investor Day, I mean, it's fair to say that the landscape has changed materially over the last couple of years. But we're really proud of the fact that the streaming subscribers are an all-time high. We have been taking price across our broadcast and our streaming products in order to focus on that revenue growth. And our CapEx, notwithstanding the investment in Hubbl in the current year, it has been coming down. So I think we feel pretty good about those targets that we put out there.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Darren. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lucy Huang from UBS. Please unmute your line.
Lucy Huang: Hi, Robert, and hi, Susan. So my question is on cost as well coming into FY '25. I mean I think this year, we've seen pretty strong cost control across the business. Just wondering how we should be thinking about the cost momentum into '25. I note that recently, you made some changes in the Australian business as well to take some cost out. So just wondering if we can go through some puts and takes?
Susan Panuccio: Look, we talk about this each quarter. I think we feel pretty good about our cost cadence. Clearly, it's going to be different depending on the segments that we operate in. We're just talking about Realtor expecting that whilst they will still focus on cost efficiencies there's likely to be reinvestment in that segment. Within News Media, we have sort of got a little bit ahead of the game in that the U.K. has done their transition from linear of Talk TV and the commercial joint venture printing venture that we've mentioned. So that will give them some good cost savings coming into '25. And as you mentioned, News Corp Australia has restructured down there. So that will also give some added momentum going into the new year. We expect across Dow Jones that costs would increase probably mid-single digits. That's pretty consistent with what we saw this year, and that supports the fact that, that business is growing, particularly on the B2B side of the business. And HarperCollins really their costs have started to stabilize off the back of a pretty choppy couple of years. And so we expect that the margins of that business will be broadly consistent as we go into 2025.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Lucy. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Gould from Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Alan Gould: Thank you. I've got two questions, please. First, Robert, how is signing the OpenAI deal impacting your negotiations with other Gen AI companies? And my second question is, both you and Susan in the press release discussed the divisions -- the three divisions that are the pillars of growth, it makes one thing when we have the other two divisions. Now Foxtel may take care of itself. And I don't know if Rupert and Lalchan are on the call, but I know that News Media is sort of the genesis of the company. But you see it'd be simpler and the company would be growing quicker without those two divisions? So just your thoughts on those two questions. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, Alan I'll take the second question first. We're constantly reviewing our structure. We're very proud of all the divisions and the growth that we're seeing across the majority of them over the past quarter and the past year, you can see from yourself from new accounts. As for OpenAI, we have made clear in the past that we would prefer to we rather than to sue to negotiate rather than to litigate. But for some, the process of seeing has started. Now sometimes the threat of suing can be a precursor to wing, but we will surely see the upcoming coming months.
Susan Panuccio: And Alan, just to add just on News Media, we have been really focusing on that segment in order to keep that segment stable and transition to digital. They've faced enormous headwinds since we separated. And the businesses have actually done an enormous job in light of the huge print declines that we've seen across those businesses. And those businesses also provide a valuable audience that we use across the rest of the portfolio. They've really helped REA with advertising from a marketing perspective, they help audience growth across Move. They've helped support Foxtel with some of the marketing efforts down in Australia. And so -- we do utilize those segments in a broader way across the portfolio.
Robert Thomson: And just to reinforce that point, for example, at the New York Post, we have 117 million monthly uniques. There's content complementarity with Realtor. That's true for many of our media properties around the world, the combination between our news media properties in Australia and REA and Foxtel. So these companies together far more than the sum of the parts.
Susan Panuccio: And the content is hugely valuable when we think about these content deals that we're doing across the business. They have valuable archives that go back hundreds of years that are hugely important to us.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Alan. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes hi, thank you. Robert, I just wanted to ask you if I asking you in prior calls about the simplifying the company, obviously, almost nine months to the day, you made the formal public announcement of looking at the process of simplifying the company we're here nine months later. When I asked you three months ago, you sort of hinted that part of the holdup here with on the regulatory side of things and stuff. I guess my question, honestly, is why was that not anticipated? And also, why would -- did you guys go public with your thoughts that you want to simplify the company nine months? I suppose to just wait longer here and do more homework in the background. Because you talked about before, you did a lot of work on this before you made the public announcement, and we're still sitting on nine months later. I know a lot of investors are quite eager to see a simplification of the company here, and so we're sitting here nine months into it. It doesn't sound like it's around the quarter. I don't know that for sure, but I guess my question is how much longer is this going to -- the process is going to take? I know it's a complicated company, but is it just simple just the regulatory side of things is what slowing this whole thing down.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Craig. We're constantly institutionally in perspective, we've obviously been engaged in the process. And as I indicated earlier, that process will not continue indefinitely nor perpetually. But we have actually already completed a significant amount of regulatory work to make possible that kind of introspection. But we cannot give you a specific date. We can assure you that there's much effort going on. And obviously, that effort now coincides with interest in Foxtel, that process has to play out in in a full and fair manner for all concerned. But clearly, there will be a certain amount of tension on that in coming weeks and coming days.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I'll now hand over to Michael Florin for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Leila, and thank you all for participating. Have a wonderful day, and we will talk to you soon. Take care.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to News Corp's Third Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal third quarter 2024 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you Mike. News Corp has again made substantial progress on our strategic imperative to transform the company and increase value for all shareholders. Our profitability rose slightly in the third quarter, as compared to the prior year, continuing our growth this fiscal year, and that increase follows the three most profitable years since the company was reincarnated in 2013. That improvement, which gathered pace in April came despite certain macroeconomic circumstances that were far from auspicious whether a strong dollar that devalued our revenues outside the U.S. particularly in Australia or the punitively high mortgage rates that obviously undermined activity in the U.S. housing market. The U.S. housing market contrasts starkly with that of Australia, where strong performance underpinned robust revenue growth at Digital Real Estate Services. While at Dow Jones, the professional information business continued to prosper and the segment's profit margin expanded from 20.6% to 21.7%. We remain well on track for the full year of strong results at News Corp. It is by the way worth highlighting that our free cash flow in the first three quarters was $491 million, a 53% increase on the $320 million for the same period last year. It is also worth noting that for more than a year, digital revenue has accounted for over half of our total revenues and we believe that trend is destined to continue. We are in the midst of an exponential digital revolution and our own company has continued to change significantly and profitably. Importantly, we are working to promote our quality journalism in the age of generative AI and are gratified that the most enlightened leaders in the industry appreciate the commercial and social value of that content. Separately to that end, we have this week extended our existing partnership with Google. As mentioned previously, we have been reviewing our company's structure, and that work is intense and ongoing, and we have made underlying changes to provide maximum flexibility. Through three quarters of fiscal 2024, circulation and subscriptions accounted for 45% of revenues, with advertising at a modest 16%. 10 years ago we were dependent on advertising for almost half our revenues. Most tellingly, advertising at News Media then our largest source of revenue now accounts for only 8% of total revenue. I should repeat that number 8%, and half of that figure is now digital advertising. So the character of the company has fundamentally changed. Dow Jones continue to increase both revenue and profitability this quarter. The professional information business at Dow Jones is an increasingly powerful earnings engine, with yet another quarter of double-digit revenue growth. It remains on track to be the largest contributor to the segment's profitability by the end of this fiscal year and we believe far into the future given its high margins and 90-plus percent retention rate. Dow Jones Energy where revenues rose 15% has just launched the APAC Carbon Market Report, which provides data and insights into emissions trading in Australia, China, New Zealand and South Korea. This important new offering complements OPIS's carbon price coverage for North America and other international markets. At risk and compliance, where revenues also rose 15%, the team debuted its first Gen AI-powered product, Integrity Check, a fully automated research platform that rapidly produces due diligence reports on businesses and individuals from our unique database. Created in partnership with SAPIEN, Integrity Check will help companies ensure they are compliant in a fiendishly complicated and legally fraught regulatory environment. Digital subscriptions at Dow Jones increased 17% year-over-year, and experienced their highest sequential quarterly net growth, with 322,000 added in the third quarter. Average daily digital subscriptions to Dow Jones brands, including the Wall Street Journal, Barron's, MarketWatch, Investor's Business Daily, crossed 5 million for the first time during Q3. That total is approximately double the number 4 years ago. Given the access to a bundle of premium products with the Wall Street Journal at the heart, the Dow Jones team is confident we should see a reduction in churn and an increase in circulation revenues in quarters to come. As for advertising, the market for print remains somewhat soft, though digital advertising rose 4% compared to the prior year, and advertising trends overall improved on the preceding quarter. In digital real estate, REA continued to show robust growth, with revenues surging 15% year-over-year. A 6% increase in listings across Australia helped spur that success, and I should note that listing growth has again improved in April compared to March, which we believe augurs well for the fourth quarter. REA also remains by far the number one digital real estate platform in Australia, with 4.1x more monthly visits on average than its nearest competitor. That strength and enhanced product mix for its customers enabled REA to introduce 10% average price increases. That new pricing schedule will apply from July, and we look forward to the benefits in the next fiscal year. Meanwhile, we are pleased with the continuing progress at REA India, with a 31% advance in revenues in the quarter. Our site, housing.com, is the leading digital real estate platform in the most populous country in the world. Given that country's economic growth, widely forecast to be around 7% this year, and the prospect of ongoing political continuity, we are confident that we have a world-class asset with much potential for expansion. At Move, we are obviously subject to the abnormal aberrant conditions in a US housing market buffeted by high interest rates. However, revenue declines moderated this quarter, and lead volume has turned positive for the first time in 2 years. The results this quarter are broadly consistent with our expectations, and we are improving the product and user experience to position ourselves to take advantage when the market trends change from headwind to tailwind. In the wake of legal developments involving the National Association of Realtors, I would echo move CEO, Damian Eales 's recent perspicacious comments about the importance of buy-side agents for those seeking professional guidance when purchasing a home, which is surely the most significant investment decision for many families. We continue to closely monitor industry developments, but believe realtor.com is well-positioned to capitalize on its relationship with home buyers and with buy- and sell-side agents in this evolving landscape. We expect that interest rates will ultimately ease, and our experience in Australia suggests that the market will surge dramatically after an extended period of suppressed activity. It is worth noting our landmark rental agreement between realtor.com and Zillow. This deal upgrades the rental experience for consumers and allows landlords and property managers to benefit from the combined audience of both the realtor.com and Zillow platforms. There is also a clear financial benefit for realtor.com, which will allow us to focus on our core buy- and sell-side offerings. Finally, I would point out that in March, according to Comscore, a verified third-party source, realtor's unique users grew 5% month over month, comparing very favorably to homes.com, which experienced a decline in the same period. Moreover, realtor.com is 1.4x bigger in terms of monthly unique users and has approximately 3x the page views and minutes per visit. Independent verification ensures statistical sumptuous, not metrics mumsmus. Our media platforms from the Wall Street Journal to the New York Post and MarketWatch and Bible Gateway give us a distinct advantage in expanding reach and building brands. Speaking of Bible Gateway, at HarperCollins, while revenues for the quarter were slightly behind the record Q3 results in the prior year, segment EBITDA rose 2%. And for the year-to-date period, EBITDA was 40% higher. In April, we saw a stronger performance and hope that will continue for the fourth quarter. We continue to believe the audio book market holds much promise, especially given our unique partnership with Spotify, which has already broadened the book audience. We hope to benefit from Spotify's recent expansion of its audio offerings to Canada, Ireland and New Zealand. And by the way fueled by the growth of audio books, HarperCollins digital revenues hit 25% of total consumer revenues in Q3. We believe there is little doubt that the audio segment will continue its expedition expansion. Bestsellers in Q3 included Shelby Van Pelt's novel Remarkably Bright Creatures. While Savannah Guthrie's, Mostly What God Does continues to thrive as does Peter Schweizer's Blood Money, and Fangirl Down by Tessa Bailey. Pope Francis' memoir, Life: My Story Through History, which we publish in eight languages is selling well and will surely have an enduring people presence in libraries. We anticipate a strong performance in Q4 with Lucy Foley's, The Midnight Feast; The War on Warriors by Pete Hegseth; and Day Trading Attention by Gary Vaynerchuk. At Subscription Video Services, the Hubbl streaming aggregation product launched in March and we are working with our partners at Comcast to shepherd its adoption throughout Australia. The intent is to reduce churn by increasing engagement and improving the customer experience. Excluding ForEx fluctuations, adjusted segment EBITDA overall improved by 1% in the segment. Kayo is benefiting from the impact of a fascinating season of both Aussie Rules Football and Rugby League and had its highest sequential quarterly net additions since inception, powered by both new customer growth and reactivations. We anticipate that recent price increases at Kayo and expected strong subscriber growth will continue to benefit the bottom line as both leading sports codes are drawing record audiences. Foxtel continued to grow its streaming revenues in Q3, which now account for 29% of circulation and subscription revenues up from 26% last year, which is helping to drive overall margins, which rose from 14.3% to 14.5%. In News Media, our brands continue to increase their digital penetration across the globe and we were vigilant on costs, which were 5% lower than a year earlier. We anticipate further significant savings as a result of our transition of TalkTV to focus on streaming and original video content for our established British brands. And we also expect tangible cost benefits following the regulatory approval for the joint printing agreement between News UK and the Daily Mail Group. The Times of London will expand digitally and gradually into the US during Q4 inspired by the success of the US Sun in reaching new audiences and enhancing digital revenues. Much journalism is unfortunately Jaundice [ph], but our imperative is for reporters to have the objective of being objective and for our economists to have the objective of being subjective. As of the end of March, The Times and Sunday Times closing digital subscribers including The Times literary supplement were at 582,000, up 5% year-over-year. Meanwhile digital subscribers at News Corp Australia as of the end of March were over 1.1 million, up 7% compared to the prior year. In the first three quarters of fiscal year 2024, News Corp delivered strong profit growth and we fervently believe that the company is firmly on a pathway to continued success. Our trusted premium intellectual property resonates in an era of polarization and amidst a rising tide of AI field falsehoods and fuss. For us, AI stands for authentic and authenticated intelligence, not artificial intelligence or the artifice of intelligence. As always, we remain sincerely grateful for the astute leadership of Lachlan and Rupert Murdoch and for the sage support of our Board, investors and customers, and for the sterling efforts of all of our employees. One final note. For more than a year, our colleague Evan Gershkovich has been falsely and cruelly imprisoned in Moscow. In public and not so public ways, we are actively seeking his release. We deeply appreciate those who have assisted the cause and we sincerely look forward to his emancipation. I now turn to Susan Panuccio for additional details of our performance in Q3.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert, and good afternoon to everyone. As Robert highlighted, we remain focused on the execution of our strategy to transform News Corp with an increased mix of recurring and digital revenues as we continue to expand our information services businesses. This has been balanced with reinvestment in key growth initiatives and cost efficiencies as we navigate ongoing inflationary pressures in our markets. Our third quarter total revenues were over $2.4 billion, down 1% compared to the prior year, while adjusted revenues were flat compared to the prior year. Total segment EBITDA was $322 million for the quarter, up 1% compared to the prior year on a reported and adjusted basis and ranked as the second most profitable Q3 since the company's separation in 2013. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.05 compared to $0.09 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.11 in the quarter compared to $0.09 in the prior year. Moving on to the results of the individual segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services. Segment revenues were $388 million, up 7% versus the prior year and up 9% on an adjusted basis. Segment EBITDA was $104 million, up 2% as higher profit contribution from the REA Group was partly offset by lower revenues and approximately $11 million of higher costs at Move. Adjusted segment EBITDA grew 7%. REA had another very strong quarter with revenues rising 15% year-on-year on a reported basis to $256 million and up 20% in constant currency. Growth was again driven by a combination of residential yield increases and improved growth in national listings, favorable geographic mix and customer contract upgrades. New buyer listings rose approximately 6% with Sydney up 20% and Melbourne up 18% despite an early Easter which negatively impacted March volumes. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call for more details. Move's revenues of $132 million were down 6% compared to the prior year with declines continuing to moderate from recent quarters. For the quarter, real estate revenues fell 5% driven by lower referral and lead gen revenues, reflective of the broader industry trends and lower transaction volumes. We saw an improvement in lead volumes for the first time in over two years growing 4% year-over-year, benefiting from product enhancements and some stabilization in the housing market. Average monthly unique users for the quarter were flat versus the prior year at 72 million, but improving 9% from the second quarter. As Robert mentioned,.we announced a rentals partnership with Zillow to syndicate large multifamily rental listings which went live May 1. The agreement financially beneficial allows us to materially expand and improve our rental content offerings and to reallocate investment to marketing and our core buy and sell-side offerings. As we communicated last quarter, we are focused on best positioning realtor.com for a housing recovery and as a result are increasing the rate of reinvestment in the second half of fiscal 2024. To reiterate, some of the key strategic focuses include modernizing the technology stack, ensuring we have the best content for our product offerings and leveraging News Corp's network to drive audience share. Damian has been very focal about the ongoing benefits of buyer agents. And while we will closely monitor the impact of the proposed NAR settlement, we continue to believe in the long-term opportunity for realtor.com and have not altered our strategic direction which already includes diversifying revenues and expanding our seller offerings which continue to scale. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $455 million, down 5% compared to the prior year. On an adjusted basis, revenues were down 1% versus the prior year. Streaming revenues accounted for over 29% of circulation and subscription revenues versus 26% in the prior year. Total closing paid subscribers across the Foxtel Group were over 4.5 million at quarter end, down 1% from the prior year, but up 5% versus the second quarter as Foxtel transitions into the winter sports season. Total paid streaming subscribers were nearly 3.1 million, increasing 3% versus the prior year, benefiting from a strong start to the AFL and NRL seasons. Kayo added 269,000 paying subscribers this quarter, the highest sequential quarterly net addition since its launch in fiscal 2019, which is consistent with recent trends of customers returning post summer. Foxtel ended the quarter with over 1.2 million residential broadcast subscribers down 9% year-over-year. Broadcast churn was 13.3% versus 12.3% in the prior year, while broadcast ARPU rose 2% to AUD 85 benefiting modestly from new pricing and packaging plans implemented in March. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $66 million was down only 3% versus the prior year despite the inclusion of $13 million of costs related to Hubbl, which launched in early March and a 4% negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 1%. Moving on to Dow Jones. Third quarter results were again strong at Dow Jones with revenues of $544 million, up 3% year-over-year with digital revenue accounting for 81% of total revenues this quarter, up 2 percentage points from last year. Circulation and subscription-based revenues represented 82% of total revenues, again reinforcing the stability and recurring nature of the revenue base. We saw strong growth at PIB, with revenues rising 10% year-over-year including a 15% growth at Risk and Compliance to $76 million and 15% growth at DJ Energy to $63 million. Total PIB retention rates remained strong at over 90%. Across the B2B portfolio this quarter over two-thirds of the growth is coming from new customers, new products or upsells with the balance coming from annual price increases. At Dow Jones Energy, the mix between pricing and volume is more balanced this year due to the benefit of a pricing review, which led to above-average increases. Within the Dow Jones Consumer business, circulation revenues were flat versus the prior year, with digital-only subscription growth accelerating from the Q2 rate to 17% year-over-year and higher by 322,000 subscriptions sequentially helped by increased penetration of the Dow Jones bundling offer as they look to better leverage subscription acquisition costs across multiple products, capitalize on minimal overlap between products and drive greater engagement. Bundling accounted for approximately 45% of the incremental digital-only volume growth in Q3 and now represents about 14% of total subscriptions. We have taken price rises this quarter increasing monthly rates by nearly 20% to a cohort of tenured print subscribers. Advertising revenues declined 2% to $86 million with year-over-year declines moderating slightly from the first half with digital improving up 4%, driven by a rebound in technology spend. wsj.com grew 12%, underscoring the strength of the platform and its valuable audience. Print advertising declined 11% due to weakness in the financial sector. Digital represented 63% of advertising revenues, up from 59% last year. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter grew 8% to $118 million and was again the largest segment EBITDA contributor across the company. Margins improved year-over-year by 110 basis points to 21.7%, driven by the strong B2B performance, which remains on track to be the largest contributor to Dow Jones profitability in fiscal 2024. Costs as expected rose modestly, partly due to the phasing of sales and marketing expenses as we mentioned last quarter. At Book Publishing strong growth in our Christian business was not enough to offset some softness in our road map general books and children's divisions. Consumer softness and headwinds in the mass merchandiser accounts such as Costco and Walmart were greater than we expected in March. Revenues were $506 million, down 2% but that compares with a record third quarter last year, while segment EBITDA improved 2% to $62 million compared to the prior year largely due to the easing of supply chain pressures and the cost efficiencies, driven by the HarperCollins team over the past 12 months. Margin improved slightly to over 12%. We continue to see improvements in supply chain-related costs, with freight distribution and manufacturing costs all down versus the prior year. Return rates again improved compared to last year while inventory levels appear to have normalized across our distribution network. The backlist contributed 63% of consumer revenues, up from 60% last year, while digital sales rose 5% this quarter reaching 25% of consumer sales. Downloadable audio rose mid-teens helped by the recent Spotify partnership. Turning to News Media, performance continued to be challenged in the quarter with print advertising declines returning to more historic levels. Revenues were $530 million, down 6% versus the prior year while adjusted revenues also declined 6%. Circulation and subscription revenues were flat and down 1% in constant currency as cover price increases and digital subscriber growth were offset by lower print volumes. Advertising remained challenging, down 13% both on a reported basis and in local currency, with print advertising trends notably weak across all markets. As our News Media businesses face ongoing print challenges they continue to work hard on their transition to digital and ongoing cost efficiencies. Segment EBITDA of $26 million declined $8 million, which was due to the lower revenue partly offset by lower print volume and newsprint expenses. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 26%. As for the outlook, similar to our comments last quarter, it is challenging to forecast in the short-term albeit economic indicators vary across markets. Looking at each of our segments, at Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential new buy listings for April grew 32% due to the timing of Easter, as well as easier comparisons to the prior year. Please refer to REA for a more specific outlook commentary. At Move, we hope to see continued moderation in revenue declines. Like the third quarter, we expect continued reinvestment in marketing and product development, which will be partially offset by cost reductions elsewhere and the new rental agreement with Zillow. In Subscription Video Services, consistent with our message last quarter, we continue to expect modestly higher expenses for the full year and some softness in streaming revenues due to the first half, which may impact full year profitability in local currency. At Dow Jones, while we continue to expect strong revenue and profitability performance for the full year, underpinned by our B2B offerings, we expect modestly higher overall expenses for the fourth quarter and full year. At Book Publishing, overall industry revenue trends appear relatively stable, albeit third quarter was a bit softer than the first half for physical sales, but we are encouraged by the strength in downloadable audio. We continue to expect margins to improve versus the prior year and expect strong performance in Q4, partly due to the prior year comparison. At News Media, advertising revenue trends remain challenging, particularly in Australia, and we will continue to focus on ongoing cost efficiencies in our digital product offerings. For the other segment, we expect costs for the fourth quarter to be in line with the previous three quarters. We now expect CapEx to be relatively stable to last year, slightly lower than our initial expectations. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now start the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Entcho Raykovski from Evans & Partners. Please un-mute yourself to ask the question.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. So my question is around the Move investment, which you've made during the quarter and you flagged is ongoing. It sounds like it's both marketing and product development. Are you able to confirm that? And how much is going into marketing? How much is going to product development? And on the product development side, are you specifically targeting the sell-side agents with that spend given the NIR settlements? If you can provide some more detail around the sort of products you're investing in? And just more broadly, how do you think that settlement is going to impact the business model going forward? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, look, obviously, I don't intend to comment on specific legal cases. And the US real estate industry is clearly in transition. But there's no doubt that realtors have a crucial role in the purchasing process, and we are proud to serve them. As for realtor.com, our experience in Australia and our complementary media platforms and US position us perfectly to take advantage of that tradition, where transition. We are very focused in the interim of on making sure that the back end is solid, that the user interface is great and that our customers get value for money. We are very focused on buy-sell, hence our partnership deal with Zillow on rentals, which will be beneficial to both companies. And the imperative, really, is to focus on the world's largest property market, which is still relatively early in its digital evolution. And we have the media assets and now, from our global experience, to make the most of that moment.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, maybe just to add on that, too, I mean the spend itself is probably broadly focused roughly evenly across both categories. But I think the thing to remember is in relation to the back half of last year, we pulled back significantly on the marketing spend, particularly in Q3 and a little bit in Q4. So the prior year compares will look more challenging in relation to marketing spend. But to think about it more broadly, it's focused on both areas, product and marketing.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. We will take our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Karnovsky from JPMorgan. Please unmute yourself to ask your question.
David Karnovsky: Thank you. Maybe on Book Publishing. I wanted to see if you could speak a little more broadly to what you're seeing in terms of demand trends right now. You mentioned some softness at big box retailers. And then with Spotify, what potential tailwind do you see for streaming and widening kind of the overall market for audio books? And can you say if you've seen any incremental interest from other DSPs to carry HarperCollins content?
Robert Thomson: Well, as for HarperCollins, we are all bookish to a certain degree and purchases ebb and flow like the pilot books on the bedside table. Early last quarter, sales were strong, and then there was clearly a slight pause in purchasing. But what I can say is that we have seen a return to strong year-on-year performance in April and have a compelling roster of new releases. And even in Q3, we saw an improvement in margin from 11.8% last year to 12.3% this year. We're certainly benefiting from the international expansion of audio books as you mentioned and the efforts of Spotify who have transformed audio book streaming revenue, which rose 14% in the third quarter. So, we're proud to partner with Daniel Ek and his talented team as they roll out streaming globally.
Susan Panuccio: And David maybe just to complement that a little bit. It's not like a perfect comparison. The Book Scan data when we have a look at it for Q3 showed consumption down 3%. So, that gives you an indication that the market was a little bit softer for Q3. But going into Q4 we did have a particularly weak Q4 last year so we would expect to see pretty strong compares as we finish out the year.
Michael Florin: Thanks David. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Gould from Loop Capital. Please unmute yourself to ask a question.
Alan Gould: Thanks for taking the question. Hello Robert, hello Susan. Question on the Google transaction. Can you flesh -- or this renewal can you flesh this out a little bit? And remember at one point last year you talked about a nine-figure deal with the digital companies, I don't recall if that was just Google or others. And does this include generative AI in addition to using your using your journalism for other sources?
Robert Thomson: Look I can't comment on the financial details of the deal other than to say that this is a renewal of the existing deal. It has nothing to do with a payment for AI, Gen AI use of our content, servicing of that content, training of that content, or grounding of the content. So, any negotiations for that particular use of our content will come later.
Susan Panuccio: And Alan just from a financial perspective well we've never given a doubt specifically you can assume that it's broadly consistent with the financials of the previous deal.
Alan Gould: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Thanks Alan. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Michael Florin: Thanks Alan. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. Can you hear me okay?
Robert Thomson: Yes Craig.
Craig Huber: Yes hi. Just I think everybody is really curious just about the progress that you're trying to make here to transform the company to simplify the company and stuff. And obviously we talked about this three months ago and six months when you talked about it privately -- I mean publicly I should say. And obviously you've done a lot of work on this before you made the announcement six months ago. I'm just kind of curious can you give investors at all any sort of timeline when you guys might wrap this up and stuff? I mean obviously things are pretty quiet out there for most of the investment banks and the legal folks after that work on this sort of stuff. So, I know it's very complicated what you guys are doing here, but what -- how much longer do you think we should have to wait with the next quarter or so? Or do you really have no idea?
Robert Thomson: Craig I'm sure that you and all on the call are sage enough to pass the phrases used in my earlier explanation and define the potential meaning. You can see that we're well advanced now thinking and planning and that planning has involved necessary regulatory steps and those were not simple steps to ensure that we have maximum flexibility genuine optionality. We want to continue to generate momentum and create maximum value for our shareholders. And we're certainly not complacent. Even though the share price has risen as of yesterday just over 46% in the past year we do recognize that there is a significant sum of the parts discount so stay tuned and not indefinitely.
Michael Florin: Thanks Craig. And Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Leung from Macquarie. Please unmute your line.
Darren Leung: Hi guys. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a quick one for me. Looking at the BINGE subscribers in Foxtel, they're down sequentially quarter-on-quarter. So, the second time it has happened. But I'm just keen to understand a little bit about the drivers here and your response and thought process here please? Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: Darren I think when we think about it from the last quarter I think we talked about this there was the writers' strike towards the back end of last year and that obviously had an impact on the content that was flowing through there. So, that did have an impact on the subscribers and we're seeing a carry forward of that. I mean that's really what the impact is.
Michael Florin: Thanks Darren. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lucy Huang from UBS.
Lucy Huang: Thanks, Rob and Susan. My question is in relation to cost out. I guess right now the macro outlook still seems relatively uncertain particularly for advertising and similar way with like the US housing market. So just wondering if there's any script for some further cost reductions through the course of the next year if these conditions start to improve?
Susan Panuccio: I think Lucy you might remember we did --we sort of announced I think probably a year ago the 5% head count reduction. And I think we quoted a number of 160 million for the cost out. I mean it's great that we're actually -- we hit those numbers and exceeded those numbers actually. But the really good thing is that the businesses are actually always focused on costs. So whilst that was a particular exercise that we did across the whole group. Across all our businesses there are different transformation initiatives that they continue to work on as they look for efficiencies. So we feel pretty confident that we've got a good cadence in relation to that that can help offset any shortfalls in revenue. And that's why you've seen such good margin expansion in the year.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Lucy. Laila, we will take our next question, please
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Han from Morningstar. Please unmute your line to ask your question.
Brian Han: Susan just on that cost out question. So it looks like some sort of cost reduction initiatives will be ongoing in the current fourth quarter. But how much of that do you think will be reinvested in realtor.com?
Susan Lee: We sort of we're trying to keep the balanced reinvestment within REALTOR itself. So I think I said in my prepared remarks we've got some benefit from the upside in the new rental agreements that we've done with Zillow and we've got some other cost savings that we're doing with realtor. So whilst there is an increase in cost we are trying to manage it there. I think when we sort of think more broadly about costs across the business and sort of to the earlier point that we talked to with Lucy -- we just constantly focus on looking for efficiency. So the UK, we've announced a pivot in the TalkTV strategy to streaming and that should unlock some savings which we'll really see come through in fiscal 2025. The UK team have also announced a joint venture with the Daily Mail Group in relation to joint printing that should unlock further savings. We know our Australian team are constantly iterating when it comes to savings. So we sort of we try and have to think about it broadly across the whole company but specifically in the divisions that we look for those cost savings.
Michael Florin:
.:
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Laskovski from Goldman Sachs.
Jamie Laskovski: Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I was just wondering if you could elaborate on the underlying company structure changes that have happened so far that were called out and what we should expect over the medium-term growth? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Jamie they were regulatory changes related to the original composition of the company in Australia. And really other than what I said earlier I'm not at the liberty to say -- say anything more at this moment.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Jamie. Laila, we will take our next question please/
Operator: At this time we have no further questions. I'll now hand back to you for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Laila. Thank you all for participating. Have a wonderful day and we will talk to you soon. Take care.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-02-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to News Corp’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Operator. Hello, everyone. And welcome to News Corp’s fiscal second quarter 2024 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks and then we’ll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp’s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings releases for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I’ll pass over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. For the second quarter in succession, News Corp has achieved growth in both revenue and profitability, and we believe there are strong prospects for further growth as difficult, inauspicious macro conditions ease in some of our markets. We saw particularly robust results across the three core pillars of our company, Dow Jones, Book Publishing and Digital Real Estate Services, where there was resounding improvement in Australia in Q2 and there are early signs of recovery in the U.S. residential sector after the most sluggish market conditions in almost three decades. Given the potential of our world-leading brands, we remain intent on creating long-term value for investors, and, as part of that commitment, our diligent, concerted review of the company’s structure continues apace. Looking at the topline results, News Corp’s second quarter revenues rose 3% to $2.6 billion and profitability surged 16%, marking the third consecutive quarter of profit growth in testing economic times. Our net income for the quarter rose to $183 million from $94 million in the same quarter last year, while our reported EPS was $0.27 against $0.12 for the same period last year. The company’s digital progress and prowess are increasingly evident. Halfway through fiscal 2024, digital now comprises approximately 52% of all revenues. That is more than an e-evolution, it is an e-revolution, one that has touched and transformed every element of every business and we are far from satisfied, far from complacent, far from completion. We are seeing the collective benefit of our conscious strategic shift away from potentially volatile advertising revenues to growth in circulation and subscription revenues. In fiscal 2014, nearly half of News Corp revenues were from advertising, with 31% from circulation and subscriptions. There has been a fundamental metamorphosis. In the first half of the fiscal year, advertising had receded to 16%, with circulation and subscriptions surging to 44%. Overall, News Corp, as of Q2, had over 7 million subscriptions to our news brands, including the Wall Street Journal, Barron’s, The Times and Sunday Times, The Australian and other publications. And we have an additional 4.3 million paid subscribers at Foxtel in Australia, which includes our popular streaming services Kayo and BINGE. And those figures don’t include the growing number of loyal subscribers at our professional information business at Dow Jones, where the average retention rate is comfortably above 90%. Artificial intelligence, with all its permutations and perturbations, will play an increasingly important role at most businesses. We expect to be a core content provider for generative AI companies who need the highest quality, timely content to ensure the relevance of their products. The Corny, Kellogg, Cliché is that AI companies are selling the picks and shovels during this seeming gold rush. Well, we are selectively reselling gold nuggets and those crucial negotiations are at an advanced stage. It is reassuring that certain digital companies appreciate the value of integrity, quality and creativity. And while certain other media companies prefer litigation, we prefer consultation, as the former is merely creating a gold rush for lawyers. Courtship is preferable to courtrooms. We are wooing, not suing. But let’s be clear. In my view, those who are repurposing our content without approval are stealing. They are undermining creativity. Counterfeiting is not creating and the AI world is replete with content counterfeiters. I would like to compliment Sam Altman of OpenAI, who has shown a clear understanding of the social importance of journalism. He also appears to have emerged unscathed from his first visit to Davos, where there is always attitude at altitude. We are hopeful that again, News Corp will be able to set meaningful global precedents with digital companies that will assist journalists and journalism, and ensure that gen AI is not fueled by digital dross. We speak of the AI hallucinating, yet we as a society are hallucinating, if we don’t focus firmly on provenance at a time when even the very words misinformation and disinformation have themselves become sources of misinformation and disinformation. Too many media companies are scanning the landscape and presuming that they have a glimpse of the future, and yet they cannot distinguish between trendiness and actual trends. Too many media companies, for too long, have been guilty of the Abilene Paradox. Before I return to the results in detail, I must mention once again our colleague Evan Gershkovich, who continues to be unjustly detained in a Moscow prison. He has been incarcerated for almost a year, solely for being a highly professional journalist. We at News Corp, and of course, Evan’s family and many friends, hope that justice will prevail and that he will be released immediately. I would like to personally thank all those who publicly and not so publicly have been working diligently to secure his emancipation. Turning now to Dow Jones, which yet again achieved its highest level of quarterly revenues and profitability since News Corp’s acquisition. That result is thanks to solid performance across the business, most notably in the increasingly successful professional information business, which remains on track to be the largest contributor to profitability at Dow Jones this fiscal year. The professional information business is seeing robust growth due to the integration of OPIS, which was completed ahead of schedule, and CMA, which is near complete. I would like to compliment in particular the News Corp finance team for masterminding, executing and delivering the OPIS and Base Chemicals deals, which have been so critical to Dow Jones burgeoning growth. Executives at Dow Jones are far from smug and are building a bevy of new and compelling products. For example, OPIS’ Analytics Pro utilizes a database of more than 130,000 fuel stations to track visits and help customers assess their pricing strategies and market trends, as well as compile customer loyalty rates and demographics, among other valuable actionable data points. Meanwhile, risk and compliance’s financial instruments product, in partnership with BigTXN, provides a feed of R&C sanctioned profiles mapped to commonly used financial instruments, which is crucial compliance cartography in a heavily regulated world. And DJ Integrity Check, a partnership with SAPIEN, provides generative AI-driven insight into companies and relevant, potentially problematic individuals. Subscriptions at the news business are continuing to grow and during the month of January, average daily digital subscriptions to Dow Jones portfolio, including the Wall Street Journal, Barron’s, MarketWatch and Investor’s Business Daily, reached over 4.9 million, which represents more than double the pre-COVID average level of 2.4 million digital subscriptions in Q2 fiscal 2020. The acceleration of digital subscription growth has been driven, in part, by the team’s bundling of products, which is designed to increase reader engagement and reduce long-term churn. While we have purposefully shifted emphasis to recurring revenues at Dow Jones, we are happy to report that although we face some challenges in print advertising, digital advertising grew year-over-year for the first time since the first quarter of fiscal 2023. This positive result has been driven primarily by growth in the tech and automotive sectors, and most notably at wsj.com. Digital Real Estate Services had a strong quarter, thanks largely to the prospering of REA, where there was 22% revenue growth year-over-year, fueled by an 8% increase in listings, with heightened activity in the core Melbourne and Sydney markets and higher pricing. REA India continues to expand rapidly and reported over 19 million monthly average unique visitors in December, solidifying its lead as the foremost digital housing platform in the world’s most populous country, where strong economic growth and political stability have created a platform for further expansion. At Move, Realtor.com continued to be affected by the high U.S. interest rates that have undermined activity in the market, but mortgage rates are beginning to moderate and in recent weeks there have been early signs of an increase in all important leads. The National Association of Realtors announced that the index for pending home sales increased just over 8% in December versus the prior year, the largest increase since June 2020. Realtor.com’s latest housing report revealed that January marked the third consecutive month of year-over-year inventory growth, with a 2.8% increase in newly listed homes for sale compared to January 2023. Unique users at Realtor have also stabilized, with December ComScore data signaling a return to growth. During the downturn, the Realtor.com team has been assiduously improving the user experience, broadening the portfolio of products for our customers and bolstering the back-end technology so we are poised to take full advantage of the incipient recovery in the U.S. housing market. HarperCollins had stellar results for the second successive quarter. This was thanks to strength in both the front list and the back list, notably in the blossoming audio books category. We saw 15% digital revenue growth in the quarter, fueled by a 29% audio book sales increase due to a flourishing market and our new partnership with Spotify. Spotify appears to be expanding demand for audio books and opening the category up to new consumers. I would like to commend our thoughtful partner, Daniel Ek, for his commitment to creativity. In Q2, we saw success with bestsellers like The Pioneer Woman Cooks Dinner’s Ready by Ree Drummond, The Little Liar by Mitch Albom, Ann Patchett’s Tom Lake and Barbara Kingsolver’s Demon Copperhead. We also saw strong sales for Christian books, including The Great Disappearance by Dr. David Jeremiah, who is Rapture Ready, and the Bible itself. Looking ahead to Q3, we have great expectations for, among others, A.J. Finn’s End of Story and I Am More Than by LeBron James. At Subscription Video Services, our new streaming aggregation product, Hubbl, is expected to launch next month and improve the search experience for our cherished customers seeking entertainment and sports. We believe Hubbl would be the most effective conduit between consumer and content, and add to the Foxtel success story. In a volatile world, Foxtel has achieved eight consecutive quarters of revenue growth in constant currency, while being acutely and astutely cost-conscious in managing the transition to streaming. At Kayo, we are looking forward to the upcoming winter sports season for Australian Rules Football and Rugby League, the two dominant sports, and at BINGE, there has been early success with advertising at the basic tier, while continuing ad-free service for premium customers. In News Media, our news brands have seen improvement in traffic in recent weeks, a turnaround after convulsions in the first half, where there were algorithmic aberrations. Gratifyingly, we experienced digital subscription growth during the quarter. Rebecca Brooks and her team at News U.K. have overseen continuing progress at the Times and Sunday Times, which set a new record for the quarter in digital subscriptions at 575,000, and saw significant digital ad growth, up 21% on a reported basis and over 15% in local currency. We expect the success of the Times to continue beyond Britain’s borders with the imminent digital launch of the Times in the U.S. We are confident that it will resonate with discerning readers, hungry for objective news coverage in a market saturated with narrative non-journalism. Our News Corp Australia, news.com.au, was again the country’s leading news website, with nearly 13 million monthly uniques in December, according to metrics from Ipsos. And the New York Post is again on course to be profitable and has expanded its positive political influence in these vexed and vexing times. With the strong results in Q2 and Q1, we are off to a sterling start in fiscal year 2024, which follows the three most profitable years for the new News Corp. We can sense that investors are beginning to appreciate keenly the value of our brands and the potential of our portfolio. On behalf of all our investors, we have transformed free cash flow generation, bolstered our balance sheet, initiated a dividend and are continuing our $1 billion buyback plan. For that transformative success, I would like to pay tribute to the strategic support of Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch, and to our highly engaged directors, and to the commitment of our employees around the world. I am now pleased to turn to my talented colleague, Susan Panuccio, who will elaborate on these buoyant results.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert, and good afternoon to everyone. As Robert mentioned, we had a strong second quarter, resulting in first half year-over-year improvements in both profitability and revenues. We continue to transform the company and move towards higher, recurring and digital revenues, together with exercising strong capital allocation discipline and balancing reinvestment across the portfolio with ongoing fixed cost reductions. Our second quarter total revenues were $2.6 billion, up 3% compared to the prior year, an increase from the 1% growth delivered in the first quarter. Adjusted revenues grew 2% compared to the prior year. Total segment EBITDA was $473 million for the quarter, up 16% compared to the prior year, driven by strong performances across our three key growth pillars, Book Publishing, Digital Real Estate Services and Dow Jones, which all posted double-digit profit gains. In fact, in the aggregate, those key segments delivered 24% profitability growth this quarter. Our second quarter total segment EBITDA was also the highest in two years. Adjusted total segment EBITDA grew 14% versus the prior year. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.27, compared to $0.12 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.26 in the quarter, compared to $0.14 in the prior year. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services. Segment revenues were $419 million, up 9%, a notable improvement from the first quarter rate and a return to revenue growth for the first time since the fourth quarter of financial year 2022. On an adjusted basis, segment revenues rose 8%. Segment EBITDA rose an impressive 15% to $147 million due to a higher contribution from the REA Group partially offset by revenue headwinds at Move. Adjusted segment EBITDA rose a healthy 16%. REA had another very strong quarter with revenues rising 22% year-on-year on a reported basis to a quarterly record of $292 million with minimal impact from foreign exchange. Growth was again primarily driven by residential yield increases, improved growth in national listings, favorable geographic mix and customer contract upgrades. Overall, new buy listings rose approximately 8% with Melbourne up 24% and Sydney up 22%. Please refer to REA’s earnings release and their conference call, which will commence directly after hours, for more details. Moves revenues of $127 million were down 13% compared to the prior year, with declines moderating from recent quarters. For the quarter, Real Estate revenues fell 14% driven by lower lead and transaction volumes, reflective of the broader industry trends. Lead volumes fell 7% year-over-year, with December improving to down just 2%, benefiting from a combination of easier comparisons as well as recent declines in mortgage rates. Average monthly unique users for the quarter were flat compared to the prior year at 66 million. The U.S. housing environment remains tough, with existing home sales hitting 30-year lows, although we are hopeful the market will start to show improvement in the second half given recent declines in mortgage rates. That said, irrespective of any market considerations, we are determined to strengthen Realtor.com’s product and content offering so it’s best positioned for success when the housing market improves. To that end, the Realtor.com team is focused on executing several key strategic priorities, which include modernizing the technology platform to help with unifying the customer experience across all platforms, creating unique and scaled data for proprietary content to assist with increased personalization, leveraging News Corp’s network in relation to AI initiatives and capturing audience share and accelerating the diversification of revenues with a greater focus on the sell-side offering. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment, revenues for the quarter were $470 million, up 2% compared to the prior year. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose 3% versus the prior year. Streaming revenues accounted for 29% of circulation and subscription revenues versus 26% in the prior year. Total closing paid subscribers across the Foxtel Group were over 4.3 million at quarter end, flat with the prior year. Total paid streaming subscribers were 2.8 million, increasing 4% versus the prior year, although declining sequentially due to seasonality at Kayo, tougher financial conditions caused by the inflationary environment for consumers and a weaker sports cycle. Foxtel ended the quarter with 1.3 million residential broadcast subscribers, down 9% year-over-year. Broadcast churn was flat at 12.9% despite the final migration off cable in October, while broadcast ARPU rose 3% to approximately AU$86, helped in part by a price rise for non-platinum subscribers implemented in July. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $77 million was down 14% versus the prior year, driven by contractual price escalators in Foxtel sports rights agreements and $10 million related to the upcoming launch of Hubbl, partially offset by higher revenues and lower technology and marketing costs. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 13%. Moving on to Dow Jones. As Robert mentioned, the second quarter results delivered the highest quarterly revenue and segment EBITDA performance since the acquisition of Dow Jones over 15 years ago. Dow Jones delivered revenues of $584 million, up 4% year-over-year, which made Dow Jones the highest segment revenue contributor for the quarter for the first time since it was re-segmented. Digital revenues accounted for 78% of total revenues this quarter, up 2 percentage points from last year. Circulation and subscription-based revenues represented almost 76% of total revenues, up approximately 2 percentage points from the prior year, reinforcing the stability and recurring nature of the revenue base. On an adjusted basis, revenues grew 3%. We saw very strong growth at PIB, with revenues rising 13% year-over-year, including 16% growth at risk and compliance to $72 million and 15% growth at Dow Jones Energy to $62 million. Factiva again posted growth, benefiting from a new licensing deal. Total PIB retention rates remained very strong at over 90%. We are continuing to review our disclosures, with the primary focus on increasing transparency to help the market appropriately value Dow Jones. To that end, we are now providing revenues for both risk and compliance and Dow Jones Energy in the 10Q. Within the Dow Jones consumer business, circulation revenues were flat versus the prior year, with digital-only subscriptions growing 15% year-over-year or by 135,000 sequentially, driven by an increased focus on the Dow Jones bundling offer as they look to better leverage subscription acquisition costs across multiple products, capitalize on minimal overlap between products and drive greater engagement. Bundling accounted for over 70% of the incremental digital-only volume growth in quarter two. Advertising revenues declined 4% to $126 million, relatively stable with the first quarter rate, although digital returned to year-over-year revenue growth for the first time since the first quarter of financial year 2023, rising 1% driven by strength in the technology and auto categories. Print declined 11% due to weaknesses in financial services. Digital represented 62% of advertising revenues, up 59% last year. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter grew 17% to $163 million and was the largest segment EBITDA contributor, with margins improving 320 basis points to 27.9%, driven by the strong B2B performance, which remains on track to be the largest contributor to Dow Jones profitability in fiscal 2024. Costs declined about 1%, driven by headcount reductions and lower newsprint production and distribution costs, in addition to phasing of sales and marketing expenditure. At Book Publishing, financial performance again meaningfully exceeded our expectations, particularly in profitability. Revenues were $550 million, up 4%, while segment EBITDA improved 67% to $85 million compared to the prior year. Margins increased by almost 600 basis points to 15.5%. The strong performance this quarter benefited from the success of some key front list titles, as Robert mentioned, and saw improvement in backlist sales, including a notable increase from Christian Publishing. Return rates again improved materially due to better sell-through compared to last year, while inventory levels appear to have normalized across our distribution network. Inflationary costs moderated, with lower manufacturing costs, helped by product mix and lower freight and distribution costs this quarter. The backlist contributed 60% of revenues, up from 57% last year, while digital sales rose 15% this quarter and accounted for 21% of consumer sales. Downloadable audio accounted for nearly 50% of digital sales, a record high, and we are pleased with the early positive signs from our partnership with Spotify, which generated incremental digital revenues and EBITDA this quarter. As way of background, Spotify is a usage-based model, not a pooled model. On an adjusted basis, revenues gained 2% and segment EBITDA rose 65%. Turning to News Media, performance in the segment was more challenged. Revenues were $563 million, down 3% versus the prior year, while adjusted revenues declined 5%. Advertising declined 9% and was down 11% in constant currency, while circulation and subscription rose 5% and was up 2% in constant currency, benefiting from cover price increases. Advertising remained particularly challenged, with digital advertising trends again negatively impacted by the lower traffic at several mastheads related to changes in algorithms at the large platforms. That said, as Robert noted, encouragingly, we are seeing some recovery in recent weeks, particularly at the Sun in the U.S. Segment EBITDA of $52 million declined $7 million, which was due to the lower revenue partly offset by lower print volume and newsprint expense and lower spend at TalkTV. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 15%. As for the outlook, similar to our comments last quarter, it is challenging to forecast in the short-term, albeit economic conditions vary across markets. Looking at each of our segments, at Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential new buy listings for January grew 12%. Please refer to REA for more specific outlook commentary. At Move, we hope to see continued improvements in lead volumes, with January up 1% year-over-year, given recent declines in borrowing costs, albeit off low prior year comparisons. As we mentioned last quarter, we are expecting some reinvestment in marketing and product development in the second half, increasing from depressed levels last year, which will be partially offset by cost reductions elsewhere. In Subscription Video Services, as mentioned last quarter, we continue to expect modestly higher expenses for the full year. Ongoing inflationary pressures, fewer new releases across entertainment due to the writers and actors strike, and a weaker summer sports schedule has created some softness in streaming revenues, which may impact full year profitability in local currency. At Dow Jones, we expect strong revenue and profitability performance, underpinned by the transformation of our B2B offerings, and as mentioned previously, continue to expect modestly higher overall expenses for the full year. At Book Publishing, overall industry revenue trends remain relatively stable and we are encouraged by the strength in the downloadable audio. We continue to expect margins to improve versus the prior year. At News Media, advertising revenue trends remain challenging, particularly in Australia and we will continue to focus on ongoing cost efficiencies. Finally, given the current spot rate for the Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar, we do expect some negative translation in the third quarter. With that, let me hand it over to the Operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Karnovsky from JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I’ll ask the AI topic. Robert, you noted in the release you expect to be a core content provider for gen AI companies. Maybe you can speak a bit to current negotiations. What are the key sticking points, key priorities for you or even the red lines for News Corp as you engage on this?
Robert Thomson: Yes. David, obviously, these are confidential negotiations and so I can’t go into too much detail. I mean, it is fair to say that we’ve been leading the intellectual debate among media companies on AI, and also fair to say that we’re probably leading the commercial discussions. I mean, 17 years ago, when prestige-craving media executives were sashaying with Silicon Valley, we were raising doubts, doubts about provenance, but also about the baleful impact on vulnerable young people, the smartest engineers on the planet, creating compulsive, addictive experiences. Anyway, we’re certainly not naive as well about the potentially positive and negative impacts of AI on our journalism, our creativity, our content. We’ve had almost two decades of distribution dominating creation and almost 60% or so of journalists have lost jobs in the U.S. And candidly, unfortunately, a certain percentage of that is down to journalistic pomposity and prize consciousness, not audience consciousness and relevance consciousness. But AI is a hyper-effective form of or gen AI is a hyper-effective form of derivative distribution. It’s retrospective, not prospective, and the thoughtful AI companies understand that fact, and so that’s why on this occasion, I would like to highlight the thoughtfulness of Sam Altman. Thoughtful people do understand that counterfeiting is not creating, and crucially, in this exceedingly erratic era, we have deep facts, not deep fakes.
Michael Florin: Thank you, David. Leila, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Entcho Raykovski from Evans & Partners.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. Maybe if I can pick up on the generative AI question as well. I appreciate there’s only so much you can say, but how do you think about the potential payments which could come for the value of your content relative to what you’re currently receiving from the digital platforms? Is it a similar sort of quantum, could it be even a greater quantum over time? At least on a relative basis, I’d be interested in how you’re thinking about it. And longer term, do you expect that those payments from the digital platforms will continue to come through? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, I’m sorry to be a basic, but I simply can’t comment on the content of the negotiations. But I can say they’re at an advanced stage and we are dealing with willing partners.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Leila, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Kane Hannan from Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Maybe just Dow Jones. I think the costs were down about $3 million in the quarter. We can talk a bit more about the Dow Jones cost base, whether we can extrapolate that sort of performance going forward. And maybe to follow on to that, just the professional information services within Dow Jones. I mean, obviously, appreciate the extra disclosure. Did that business see margin expansion in the quarter or is the strong margin expansion for Dow Jones overall more of a mix and cost out in the other businesses?
Susan Panuccio: Hi, Kane. Welcome back. Just in relation to the cost, we did see a pretty good cost performance for the first half of Dow Jones and I think like all our businesses, they are pretty cost focused. So they do constantly have a look at transformation opportunities within the business and they certainly participated in the 5% headcount reduction and they’re getting the benefit of that. But like all the businesses, we do like to invest in them. So we do see variable costs going up as the revenue scales. They’ve had inflationary costs in relation to headcount and will continue to invest in headcount given the growth in that business. And the second half of the year, we would expect to see some phasing and additional costs coming through for marketing. We do tend to have seasonally higher net ads in the second half than we do in the first half and so that typically warrants some additional marketing costs. So that’s sort of in relation to the cost base. And then in relation to PIB, we don’t give out the margins, as you know. But the PIB margins did improve for the quarter, which was really pleasing to see as they continue to scale that business. And as we said in our prepared remarks, for the full year, we’re continuing to expect to see the majority of the profit come from the PIB segment.
Robert Thomson: Yeah. And just to supplement Susan’s answer, obviously, PIB is a priority for Dow Jones and for News Corp. And we are providing more visibility overall about Dow Jones because it’s such a positive story, and frankly, the more you see, the more you’ll like. I mean, overall, the margin at Dow Jones has risen from 24.7% a year ago to 27.9% and now that we’re lapping the purchases of OPIS and CMA, the strong growth rates are clear at these companies, which we have grouped into Dow Jones Energy, where revenues expanded by 15% and it is also, though, worth noting the results of the always burgeoning risk and compliance segment where revenues rose 16%. In short, these are high margin recurring businesses providing essential services and thus have renewal rates well north of 90%.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much. Leila, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. I wanted to ask on a portfolio review and simplification announcement that you mentioned three months ago and you briefly touched on it today. Can you just give us a further update? I’m just curious on the timing of this. I mean, I personally didn’t expect a major announcement within just this first three months. But also, the flip side, I wouldn’t expect it to take another six-plus months from this stage going forward. Can you just give investors a little sense of the timing there and I assume you guys did an awful lot of work behind the scenes before you even talked about it three months ago in your conference call. You’ve certainly done some -- I’m sure some, in this last three months. Just give us a little sense of the timing when we might get an announcement here, please? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Craig, your presumption about preparation is not ill-conceived. But this being a rather sophisticated audience, one which understands the nuances of phrases and the subtleties of the SEC, you can take the words I used in my statement as purposefully delivered. There is clearly much introspection, not casual, not peripheral, but significant, serious introspection about structure, and it’s functional, not emotional. And the prevailing truth is that we have created options for our shareholders and that’s a tribute to all at News Corp, with the active support of an enlightened Board and leadership from Rupert and Lachlan, and the efforts of our employees around the world. Let us not forget that misguided investment bankers were decidedly downbeat at the time of the split a decade ago. And now, however, the discussion is how to get full value from, how to fully monetize a precious, prestigious portfolio that has an obvious growth trajectory. That is indeed not an evolution, but a revolution.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Leila, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lucy Huang from UBS.
Lucy Huang: Good morning, Rob and Susan. My question’s on PIB as well. Given we’re kind of getting through the end of the integration of OPIS and CMA, just wondering strategically how you’re thinking about the growth in business and are there any other data sets that you would be looking to maybe build out or acquire over time? Are there intentions or I guess capabilities you’ll like to plug with PIB?
Robert Thomson: Lucy, obviously, we’re pleased with the progress of the PIB business, and as I said, you can see the overall increase in margin at Dow Jones and that is to a large extent due to the success of the PIB businesses. I can’t go into any more details about what plans are, but needless to say, PIB is core to Dow Jones and its core to News Corp.
Susan Panuccio: And Lucy, what I can say is that, the thing that’s great about PIB and the Energy businesses is that the new products can leverage the existing data sets that we have, so the pricing, reporting, analytics and newsletters, and they can draw off a lot of the core data that we have. So I think that’s fantastic. And I think Robert’s mentioned in previous quarters, we’ve got areas like renewables that are coming in that we really think that could provide an exciting opportunity for us.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Lucy. Leila, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Han from Morningstar.
Brian Han: Susan, I noticed the second quarter PCP growth in books EBITDA is exactly the same as the first quarter PCP growth, both exactly, I think, two-thirds up on prior period. Is there some sort of a contracted step up in earnings for books or is that just pure coincidence?
Susan Panuccio: I’d like to think there would be at that level, but no, no, I think, it’s just a coincidence. As we sort of said in the remarks, the Book Publishing segment has continued to exceed our expectations. And look, it’s partly because we’ve had a return to more stability in the revenue post-COVID. So the returns have settled down and the market has settled down a little bit. And it’s also partly because of the great work that the HarperCollins team has done in relation to their cost base in the face of some pretty challenging conditions last year. They also took the opportunity to push through some price rises on books. So a combination of all of that has really helped with putting the good results in for the first half. Look, I think across the full year, we’re still expecting margins to be sort of in low-double digits, a good improvement from the prior year, but probably not to the levels that we’ve seen in the first half.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Brian. Leila, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Leung from Macquarie.
Darren Leung: Hi, guys. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask a bit about the cost out program. Can you give us a feel as to how much has been completed so far this fiscal year of the previous $160 million number? And just a feel for, you know, do you expect more of it to be weighted in third quarter or fourth quarter or maybe another way to answer the question is, what divisions should we expect to see a lot of this cost out come from, please?
Susan Panuccio: Yeah. Look, we are -- it’s pleasing to say that actually we quoted I think $160 million number in relation to that cost out program and we are going to exceed that number. And actually, from a run rate perspective, we’re pretty much there already. We have said in previous statements, though, that’s the gross cost savings. And we do have reinvestments across our businesses, as you can see, within Dow Jones, within our REA, we’re investing in new Foxtel with the Hubbl launch. And so that is the gross cost savings. What I would say is, notwithstanding that, we are always looking at cost savings across our businesses and so that was pertaining just to headcount reductions. We’re constantly looking at our cost space and our workflows and our efficiencies, and we do continue to drive greater savings than that, which helps us reinvest in these businesses.
Robert Thomson: And Darren, I’d just like to supplement Susan’s point where we are not going to let these excellent results in any way induce complacency in the company. All the teams are extremely cost conscious and we already are seeing very interesting trends in the ability of AI to reduce costs related to technology spend, to the creation of code, to the cultivation of code. And so not only are we going to be pursuing conventional costs, but we’re looking ahead and trying to make the most of new developments.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Darren. Leila, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, we have no further questions. I’ll now hand over to Michael Florin for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Leila, and thank you all for participating. Have a wonderful day and we will talk to you soon. Take care.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-11-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to News Corp’s First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Operator. Hello, everyone. And welcome to News Corp’s fiscal first quarter 2024 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks and I will be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp’s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. In a world replete with uncertainty, News Corp is proud to report rising revenues and increased profitability in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. These distinctly positive results come despite specious macroeconomic conditions including steep interest rates and unfavorable foreign exchange fluctuations. The potential for even greater profitability should be even more pronounced when we return to economic equilibrium. These results follow the three most profitable years since the creation of the new News Corp and our digital transformation has continued at pace. And in our view, these results certainly highlight the disparity between the value of our company and our share price, which we believe does not reflect our present profitability yet alone the potential of our incomparable growing businesses. We are acutely focused on enhancing long-term value for all of our investors, and in that quest, have the patent advantage of prized assets, whose value we believe is increasing. We are also assiduously reviewing our structure in the quest to optimize that value. Our first quarter revenues rose modestly to $2.5 billion, while profitability rose 4%, marking the second consecutive quarter of profit growth in these challenging conditions. We believe these positive results are a harbinger of our potential in the medium- and long-term. We expect to continue to drive our digital growth, the scale of which has been transformative over the past decade. It is worth noting a couple of metrics for context and to highlight the intrinsic value of our company. In 2014, print related advertising accounted for 39% of our revenue and now it is trying to get less than 5%, while digital revenues exceeded 50% of revenues last year, up almost 300%. Our loyal investors understand the inherent value of our assets and the scale of our dramatic transition. But we believe the market has yet to fully comprehend the magnitude of the metamorphosis or the future potential of our platform. We have been and expect to continue to generate significant free cash flow this fiscal year and we have a $1 billion buyback plan well underway and ample opportunity to be opportunistic. That opportunistic efficacy, we have shown in our purchases of OPIS and CMA for Dow Jones to high margin digital businesses with recurring revenues which have added much profitable prowess. Their impact means that we are at a pivotal point at our Dow Jones business. The B2B segment at Dow Jones is now outpacing the B2C segment in contributing to profit and at a far higher margin. The net result is that we expect both Dow Jones and News Corporation are becoming more profitable, more digital and even less dependent on the ebb and flow of advertising. That is why we are highlighting the Dow Jones results today and expect to be providing increasing visibility over the coming year. So the potential investors can appreciate the full glory of our valuable assets, while we intensify our institutional introspection on structure. As a reminder, Dow Jones profitability has more than doubled since we re-segmented in fiscal 2020, generating close to $500 million in segment EBITDA last year with strong growth prospects ahead. And the EBITDA margin has been actually transformed. In Q1 fiscal 2018 it was approximately 9%, in Q1 fiscal 2020 it was 12.8% and in Q1 this fiscal year 23.1%. We certainly agree with the perceptive commentators and analysts, who suggest that News Corp is undervalued and its asset quality underappreciated. Our Board, our leaders and our teams deserve much credit for skillfully navigating the turbulent media waters of the past decade. Waters, which have proven treacherous for many media companies. As always, we remain focused on maximizing that value to the benefit of all shareholders. We are also looking into the future in maximizing the value of our premium content for AI. We are in advanced discussions with a range of digital companies that we anticipate will bring significant revenue in return for the use of our unmatched content sets. Generative AI engines are only as sophisticated as their inputs and need constant replenishing to remain relevant and we are proud to partner with responsible purveyors of AI products and their prescient leaders. One observation about Generative AI. We often hear about misinformation and disinformation to the point where the very words become politicized and polluted. The potential for the proselytizing of the perverse will become ever more real with the inevitable inexorable rise of artificial intelligence. But, however, aren’t fully artificial intelligence, it is no match for great reporting and for genuine journalistic nous. On the subject of journalism, I would like to pay tribute to our reporters in the Middle East and in Ukraine who are each day taking calculated risks to bring insight and intelligence to readers around the world during a period of unpredictable turbulence. And I would like to highlight the fate of Evan Gershkovich, the Wall Street Journal reporter, who has been unjustly incarcerated in Russia for more than seven months nearly for doing his job as a journalist. Let me begin the more detailed extra juices with the increasingly valuable PLS Dow Jones where revenues rose 4% in Q1, despite the volatility of the ad market, while segment EBITDA was lifted by an impressive 10% as revenue and profit contribution continued to expand in the professional information business. Dow Jones offers a unique set of services and products for global business users and readers. As a result, many of our customers encountered Dow Jones products several times each day, not just the Wall Street Journal, Barron’s, MarketWatch and Dow Jones Newswires, but also risk and compliance Dow Jones Energy and Factiva. Risk and compliance revenues surged 23%. Thanks to the increased demand from the financial and corporate sectors seeking to minimize risk and maximize compliance. I trust all of the institutions on the call today aspire to those two worthy goals. RNC has expanded revenues by over 60%, let me repeat that number, over 600% since we relaunched News in 2013. It’s worth emphasizing that the business is fully digital and has retention rates of over 90%. Dow Jones Energy, which includes both OPIS and CMA continues to see excellent double-digit revenue growth, driven in part by higher pricing and is exceeding our initial expectations. Thanks to the global energy transition and opportunities emerging in renewable energy, along with continued reinvestment. Our customer base is growing as we launch compelling products and create critical pricing benchmarks. We are genuinely impressed by the vitality and drive an initiative among our new colleagues at both OPIS and CMA. Factiva is benefiting from its innovative partnership with Cision. And Factiva should be an important building block in the AI future given that it has a database of 33,000 sources in 32 languages from more than 200 countries and territories. That impressive content collection complements our contemporaneous news offerings as we seek to serve corporate, professional and consumer audiences. Across Dow Jones, subscription volume remains strong with digital subscriptions reaching 4.6 million, up 12%, while total subscriptions reached 5.3 million, up 8%. Our teams are focused on reducing churn and maximizing the lifetime value of each and every subscriber. As for advertising, we saw particularly improvement in trends with declines of past quarters abating and digital advertising down only 2%. In Digital Real Estate, it was a tale of two markets during the quarter with the Australian property market improving and the U.S. market still bearing the burden of particularly high mortgage rates which obviously suppressed demand. But it is fair to say that the revenue rebound in the Australian market certainty surpassed the sluggishness in the U.S. market. REA reported strong growth in listing volumes in the two key markets of Sydney and Melbourne, and our value-add clients were keen to subscribe to premium products, thus improving yield. We also saw resounding topline performance and volumes remained strong in October. REA, India is a number one property portal in a country with a rapidly expanding middle class and both its audience and revenue continued to surge during the quarter. As REA has disclosed, the total audience in India in the quarter was up 16% year-over-year, while revenue during the quarter was 25% higher than a year ago. Given a relative political stability in India and ongoing economic growth, REA India is a jewel in the crown. In the U.S. realtor.com like the industry at large was affected by the unusually high interest rates, which do appear to have plateaued and are expected to ease over the coming year. But the short-term conditions do not change our long-term optimism for realtor to capitalize on the increasing digitization of the world’s largest property market. It is easy to buy transient traffic in the short-term, but that is merely a sugar high that leads to digital diabetes. We have a long-term commitment to all Americans who are buying and selling a home and to Real Estate professionals. We also have the ability to leverage our unique media platform from wsj.com to the New York Post among many others, who had a combined monthly audience of over 200 million uniques in September. These are verified authenticated numbers, not a cocktail of cockamania. Under Damian Eales, energetic decisive leadership, realtor is building on the gains of his predecessors and focusing on developing core markets, core clients and core profitability. The realtor team is working even more closely with REA executives in ways that are benefiting both businesses with the sharing of software, marketing mechanics and AI insights. The script for our publishing business was completely rewritten in the first quarter. After a few difficult quarters, segment EBITDA at HarperCollins lifted 67%. Revenues posted a healthy 8% increase and that growth combined with cost initiatives undertaken over the past year and an easing of supply chain inflationary impacts recalibrated the performance at HarperCollins. The logistical upheaval at Amazon has past, return rates are far lower, and both the frontlist and backlist notch gains during the quarter. Among the many and varied strong sellers were Tom Lake by Ann Patchett, Demon Copperhead by Barbara Kingsolver, The Collector by Daniel Silva and Remarkably Bright Creatures by Shelby Van Pelt. We saw particular strength in our Christian books business, including Reba McEntire’s Not That Fancy. Reba was clearly not describing the HarperCollins performance. And speaking of Christian books, we look forward to publishing a new book His Holiness Pope Francis next spring. I would like to highlight our new partnership with Spotify to broaden the reach of audio books. This is a project we have discussed for some time with the S Mobile [ph] Daniel Ek, with whom I share a passion for books and for the Arsenal Football Club. The new partnership has begun with the U.K. and Australia and in the U.S. announced yesterday, and we are genuinely confident that it will be positive for both companies for authors and for those who love to read and to listen to books. This market has needed a strong new entrant and Daniel and his team are among the most skillful players on the pitch. At Subscription Video Services, revenues were up in constant currency for the seventh consecutive quarter. As expected, the decline in EBITDA was mainly due to sports costs and ForEx fluctuations. But we have no doubt that our streaming strategy has been successful at a time when other companies in other markets are struggling. Overall, paid streaming subscriptions rose 8% on the same quarter last year, while broadcast churn was down from 14.2% to 11.4%, showing that the two products are undoubtedly complementary. But the team at Foxtel is far from complacent and so we are on the cusp of launching our new streaming aggregation product, Hubbell, which will greatly simplify the search for fascinating entertainment and sports from our own companies and from those of our cherished partners to the benefit of all in particular, to the benefit of viewers. The News Media segment faced macroeconomic headwinds and volatility caused by algorithmic changes at the large platforms, but these trends are more femoral than eternal. Subscriptions continue to increase at The Times and Sunday Times, which reported an 8% rise and at News Corp Australia, where we saw a 4% increase in digital subs. As I mentioned earlier, we are increasingly less reliant on advertising, which is now a smaller fraction of our overall revenue and focused on digital recurring revenue streams. We saw strong performance at Wireless in the UK, which had a record 45 million listening hours over the April to September period, up 17% from the prior year, according to RAJAR, led by sports and news. Our teams in the U.K. and Australia were also acutely cost conscious and we are retooling the infrastructure to reflect the contemporary and future initiatives, including printing operations, advertising networks and back office expenses. Rebecca and our teams in the U.K. have been leaders in creating programmatic ad partnerships, which enable all to increase yield and harvest valuable data. This was, in another way, an historic quarter. Our Executive Chair, Rupert Murdoch, announced that he will be transitioning to Chairman Emeritus next week at our AGM. I can personally assure you that there has been no change in his heightened levels of curiosity and energy since the announcement and his vast experience will be an important ongoing resource for the company. All of us at News Corp stand on the shoulders of a giant. And I genuinely look forward to Lachlan becoming sole Chair next week. His thoughtful engagement with our teams already enhances the business each working day and his passion for principal journalism is obvious to all who work with him. There is no doubt that Lachlan’s multidisciplinary expertise and his philosophical integrity will be invaluable as we continue the next phase of our crucial journey. And now our esteemed CFO, Susan Panuccio, will provide more financial granularity.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert, and good afternoon, everyone. As Robert mentioned, we are pleased with the positive start to the new fiscal year, returning to revenue growth and posting the second consecutive quarter of profit growth despite the macroeconomic conditions. We have been diligently executing on our long-term plan to drive greater value for our shareholders and believe this is yet to be reflected in our current market value. Our first quarter total revenues were $2.5 billion, up 1% compared to the prior year, marking the first year-over-year revenue growth since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. Adjusted revenues also grew 1% compared to the prior year. Total segment EBITDA was $364 million, up 4% compared to the prior year. HarperCollins was the largest contributor to the profit improvement, which is encouraging on the back of last year’s challenging results. Adjusted total segment EBITDA grew 5% versus the prior year. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.05, compared to $0.07 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.16 in the quarter, compared to $0.12 in the prior year. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services. Segment revenues were $403 million, down 4% compared to the prior year, a notable improvement from the fourth quarter rate. On an adjusted basis, segment revenues declined just 2%. Despite the revenue decline, segment EBITDA rose 3% to $122 million due to higher contribution from the REA Group and cost saving initiatives that move that were partially offset by revenue headwinds. Adjusted segment EBITDA rose a healthy 8%. REA had a very strong quarter with revenues rising 4% year-on-year on a reported basis to $261 million, which included an $11 million or 4% negative impact from foreign exchange. Growth was driven by residential yield increases and growth in national listings, along with 25% revenue growth at REA India. Results were partially offset by a modest decline in Financial Services revenues due to lower settlement activity. Overall, new buy listings rose 1%, with Sydney and Melbourne up 16% and 14%, respectively, enabling upward pressure on yields. Please refer to REA’s earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. Move’s revenues of $142 million were down 16% compared to the prior year, relatively similar to the fourth quarter trend absent the 53rd-week impact. For the quarter, Real Estate revenues fell 20%, driven by lower lead and transaction volumes reflective of the broader industry trends. Lead volumes fell 11% year-over-year, while realtor’s average monthly unique users declined 12% from the prior year to 76 million in the first quarter based on internal metrics, but improved from 74 million in the fourth quarter. As Robert mentioned, despite challenging market and competitive conditions, we have made solid progress in Q1 across a number of strategic areas including SEO improvements, expanding our sell-side offerings into the launch of a listing agent tool kit, deepening our collaboration with News Corp’s powerful global platform to drive further reach and the recent launch of a new brand campaign. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $486 million, down approximately 3% compared to the prior year on a reported basis due to foreign currency headwinds. Importantly, on an adjusted basis, revenues rose 1% versus the prior year, the seventh consecutive quarter of growth. Streaming revenues accounted for 30% of circulation and subscription revenues versus 25% in the prior year, and again, more than offset broadcast revenue declines benefiting from both a year-over-year increase in subscribers and price rises at Kayo and BINGE. Total closing paid subscribers across the Foxtel Group reached almost $4.6 million at quarter end, up 2% year-over-year. Total paid streaming subscribers were 3 million, increasing 8% versus the prior year, although declining sequentially impacted by less output at BINGE related to the strikes in Hollywood, as well as typical seasonality at Kayo due to the end of the winter sports codes in September. Foxtel ended the quarter with over 1.3 million residential broadcast subscribers, down 9% year-over-year. Broadcast churn continued to improve, down 280 basis points year-over-year to 11.4%, while broadcast ARPU rose 3% to over A$85 helped in part by a price rise for non-platinum subscribers implemented in July. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $93 million was down 16% versus the prior year driven by contractual price escalators in Foxtel sports rights agreements. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 13%. We completed the debt refinancing in the first quarter, which included securing a new A$1.2 billion credit facility. As we said last quarter, given the improved performance and the completion of the refinancing, this provides a pathway for repayment of our shareholder loans. Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones had a strong quarter with revenues of $537 million, up 4% year-over-year despite fully lapping recent acquisitions. Digital revenues accounted for 81% of total revenues this quarter, up 2 percentage points from last year. Circulation and subscription-based revenues represented over 81% of total revenues, up approximately 1 percentage point from the prior year, underscoring the stability and recurring nature of the revenue base. On an adjusted basis, revenues grew 3%. We are continuing to see very strong growth in our Professional Information business with revenues rising 14% year-over-year driven by risk and compliance and strong gains at Dow Jones Energy. Factiva posted modest growth benefiting from a new licensing deal. Retention across B2B offerings remains at over 90% with nearly all of the revenues recurring. Risk and compliance revenues rose 23% with consistent growth between financials and corporates. Europe remained the largest territory at over 50% of revenues and also the fastest source of growth. Secular trends remain very favorable with global corporations navigating complex sanctions and trade guidance, particularly as it relates to Russia and China. We were really pleased with the 20% growth at Dow Jones Energy, which benefited from price escalators, the rollout of new products and new customers. The results also benefited mid-single digits from one-time items and the World Chemical Forum, a new annual event this quarter, which leveraged the wider Dow Jones experience in corporate events. Circulation revenues gained 1% versus the prior year, with digital-only subscriptions growing 12% year-over-year or 101,000 sequentially, which was principally driven by an increased focus on Dow Jones bundling offer as they look to better leverage subscription acquisition costs across multiple products, capitalize on minimal overlap between products and drive greater engagement from customers. We believe that in the medium-term, bundling will drive higher ARPU per subscriber and reduce long-term churn. Advertising revenues declined 3% to $91 million due to 6% and 2% declines in print and digital advertising revenues, respectively, with trends improving from the fourth quarter. Advertising accounted for 17% of total revenue with 66% being digital, up 100 basis points from last year. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter grew 10% to $124 million with margins improving 120 basis points to 23.1%, the highest first quarter margin since News Corp’s acquisition of Dow Jones, driven by the strong B2B performance, which is on track to be the largest contributor to Dow Jones profitability in fiscal 2024. At Book Publishing, we saw a big recovery from fiscal 2023 results. Revenues were $525 million, up 8%, while segment EBITDA improved 67% to $65 million compared to the prior year. Margins improved over 400 basis points to 12.4%. You will recall the results a year ago were significantly impacted by the Amazon reset of inventory levels and rightsizing of its warehouse footprint. The strong performance this quarter benefited from the success of some key frontlist titles, as Robert mentioned, and also saw improvement in backlist sales, including a notable increase from Christian Publishing. Return rates improved materially, while inventory levels appear to have normalized. Inflationary costs are beginning to moderate with lower manufacturing costs helped by product mix and lower freight and distribution costs this quarter. The backlist contributed 61% of revenues, down from 65% last year, while digital sales rose 3% this quarter and accounted for 22% of consumer sales, within the 22% downloadable audio accounted for 45% of digital revenues. On an adjusted basis, revenues gained 6% and segment EBITDA rose 59%. Turning to News Media. Overall trends continue to be mixed geographically. Revenues were $548 million, down 1% versus the prior year, while adjusted revenues declined 2%. Advertising declined 5% and was down 6% in constant currency, while circulation and subscription rose 2% and was flat in constant currency. At News Australia, advertising saw some improvement compared to the fourth quarter, while the U.K. weakened notably in digital. As Robert mentioned, we did see declines in our traffic at several mastheads related to changes in algorithms at the large platforms which we are monitoring closely and have been felt across the wider publishing industry. Segment EBITDA of $14 million declined $4 million, results included approximately $3 million related to one-time costs as a result of the proposed combination of printing operations in the U.K. with DMG. This initiative demonstrates the continued focus on driving cost efficiencies across our News Media businesses. Before we look at the outlook for the next quarter, I would like to touch on free cash flow. First quarter free cash flow is typically lower due to the timing of working capital payments, including sports rights payments at Foxtel, and this year, it was also impacted from the lower HarperCollins sales in Q4 of the prior year. We anticipate generating strong and positive free cash flow for the year weighted to the second half consistent with prior years. As for the outlook, similar to our comments last quarter, we are continuing to operate in a difficult environment that remains unpredictable in the short-term. That said, we expect the second quarter to continue to show an improvement in revenues and profitability. Looking at each of our segments. At Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential new buy listings for October grew 16%. Please refer to REA for a more specific outlook commentary. At Move, U.S. housing conditions remain challenging and we are expecting some reinvestment in marketing to improve share of voice levels, including the recently launched advertising campaign and also in product development to ensure we are best positioned to take advantage of market conditions when they improve. In Subscription Video Services, as mentioned last quarter, we continue to expect modestly higher expenses for the full year, driven by sports rights and some costs related to the launch of Foxtel streaming aggregation service, Hubbell, but remain on track to deliver relatively stable results for the year in local currency. At Dow Jones, we hope to see continued improvements in advertising declines, but as typical, visibility is limited. We continue to expect modestly higher overall expenses for the full year and strong revenue growth in B2B revenues. At Book Publishing, while we expect year-over-year improvements versus the prior year, revenue and profit growth is expected to be more modest than the first quarter given overall industry trends and the normalization of return rates. At News Media, revenue trends remain mixed geographically and we will continue to focus on ongoing cost efficiencies. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lucy Huang from UBS.
Lucy Huang: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking questions. My one question is in relation to Move. So I just wonder if you can give us an update into the competitive landscape in the U.S. And just any early thoughts on the recent U.S. court ruling around agent commissions, like do you think this could have an impact on industry dynamics more broadly, and I guess, for the Move business longer term? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: Yes, Lucy. Well, first of all, we will have to see what transpires on appeal in that particular case. But it’s clear that the U.S. property market has already been evolving if rather incrementally. I mean our focus is solely on providing the best possible service for vendors, for purchases and for Real Estate professionals, and we will continue to build audience through the use of our rather large media platforms. We have been taking advantage of the present downturn in the market to build out our sell-side operations and there is definitely a downturn in existing home sales when you have an annual rate of $3.9 million, which is well below the normal average of $5.5 million. We certainly foresee stronger activity longer term on the sell-side, a bit like the Australian market and we have acquired a company UpNest, which is particularly strong in that area. And there are interesting lessons for the U.S. market generally from Australia about what happens when the market turns. There’s patently much suppressed demand here at the moment. In Australia, we saw listings in Melbourne and Sydney surged 14% and 16% in the last quarter, and those numbers were even higher in October, Melbourne listings surged 32% and Sydney saw 33%. So we look forward to similar surging and soaring in the U.S. market when mortgage rates moderate.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Lucy. Laila…
Lucy Huang: Thank you.
Michael Florin: … we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Gould from Loop Capital. Please unmute yourself to ask the question.
Alan Gould: Thank you. Robert, I was wondering if you can get into a little bit more detail about this residulously reviewing our structure? And secondly, if you could comment on how the recent Real Estate lawsuit might affect the realtor and Move? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: I think, Alan, I answered the second question just now. So we will have to wait for the appeal there. The market itself is still obviously suffering from the heavy burden of mortgage rates here in the U.S. As for structure, look, we agree with the general thesis that the company has been transformed over the past decade and the full value of our incomparable assets is not fully represented in the share price. And that’s a tribute to the leaders of all our business from Rebecca in London to Patrick at Foxtel and to all our teams who have navigated through fundamental changes in each of their sectors and through the pandemic and the subsequent surge in interest rates. And as you can divine from today’s numbers, we are in a truly different position to most media companies with a robust balance sheet and are poised for even greater growth and profitability in the coming years when the economic heavens return to equilibrium. But at the same time, we are consciously and constantly reviewing our structure and have already taken tangible steps to clarify internal corporate structures to ensure that we have maximum flexibility in that overall structural consideration.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Alan. Laila, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Karnovsky from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ted Karakostas: Yes. Hi. Thank you. This is Ted on for David. I wanted to ask if you could give us an update on digital ad trends. Any color you can share on the quarter and expectations moving forward would be appreciated? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Sure. Obviously, the trends across the mass heads vary by segment and region and algorithm changes can have a short-term impact. Though we do have a strong relationship with both Google and Facebook, and they tend to respond thoughtfully to any infulicities that we identify and I’d particularly like to call out Sundar Pichai and his trustee team, who are conscious of the importance of journalists and journalism. Specifically, at Dow Jones, advertising was down 3%, which was a marked improvement after a 14% decline in the prior quarter, both digital and print reported improvement in trend lines. And there was a more modest decline of 8% in the U.K. But most of that was actually in print as digital advertising was flat compared to the same quarter last year. And the New York Post, while flat overall, actually saw an increase in print related advertising as the paper continued to expand its social, political and commercial reach.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Ted. Laila, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Entcho Raykovski from Evans & Partners.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. So, firstly, I just wanted to ask, given that there have been some public comments from a shareholder over the past month about a proposal to spin out REA, interested in your comment as to whether you see merit in that proposal and is that something you are willing to explore or are you looking at other ways, as you have spoken about of closing the valuation gap? And if I can quickly throw a second one in there as well, hopefully, a straightforward one. Given that Foxtel refinanced over the quarter, when do you think the shareholder lines will be repaid? Are there any other impediments or hurdles to that repayment taking place now? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, it would obviously be inappropriate to comment on any shareholder in particular and actually inappropriate to comment on any shareholder comment. But as I have made clear, we are conscientiously reviewing our structure and have taken steps corporately to ensure that we have maximum flexibility that of itself reflects the constant institutional introspection that characterizes the way we oversee these very valuable assets.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, just in relation to your question on Foxtel, we expect a modest return this year and anticipate the bulk of the repayments to come over the next few years. That’s obviously dependent on the current plans and cash flow position.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Entcho. Laila, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research. Craig, your dial star six on your keypad to unmute.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. Robert, it’s nice to hear that you guys are reviewing your structure. I have long talked about for the last 10 years or so. I mean, the company is very complicated for an investor -- an outside investor standpoint. So I am glad to hear you guys are looking at that seriously. I mean, when I look at the stock, I mean, I looked at 35% to 40% conglomerate discount that’s embedded in your stock in order to justify the stock in the low 20%s here and stuff. So I guess we will see what happens. I hope some significant happens on that front. If I could ask a question about books, I mean it’s nice to see the recovery from a year ago. Are you guys seeing anything in the book area, whether it be on the cost side or on the revenue side that would stop you from getting back to your EBITDA level that you are at in the low 300s back in fiscal 2021 and 2022? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Craig, look, obviously, HarperCollins’ journey through a rather unique period of unusual circumstances. The pandemic, logistical issues at Amazon, cost pressures and it has emerged from that confluence -- complexity with a strong front, backlist and margins actually dramatically improvement -- improving from the 4% in the final quarter of last fiscal to 12.4%. So we are seeing that margin improvement already. And there’s also no doubt that there’s reason for excitement about the entry of Spotify into audio books. Over the past few years, audio books have been by far the fastest-growing sector. And Spotify itself has really transformed both the concept and the experience of streaming. And so Daniel Ek and I have been discussing audio books for a few years, and we have reached an agreement on a model that is great for orders, for book lovers, for Spotify, and for us. The early signs from the U.K. and Australian markets are certainly positive. And if those trends hold, audio, which now comprise about 45% of digital sales will reach a far higher threshold level, we will be generating significantly more revenue, and as you asked, be improving our EBITDA.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig, maybe just to add, we do expect continued profit growth in the balance of the year given certainly the prior year compares subject, of course, to that consumer demand that Robert talked about, but we expect it to be at a more modest rate than Q1. And we are hopeful that the EBITDA margin can remain positive to last year and in the low double digits for the full year having delivered the 12.3% in Q1. So I expect that margin rate will be more over the medium-term when we look to lift it.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Craig. Laila, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Han from Morningstar. Please unmute yourself to ask a question.
Brian Han: Robert or Susan, can you please clarify, did you guys say in Dow Jones B2B earnings are larger than B2C earnings or did you mean its contribution to growth is now larger than B2C?
Susan Panuccio: They are larger and on track to be larger for the full year. So, yes, we did say that.
Brian Han: On track to be larger?
Susan Panuccio: And they were for the quarter.
Robert Thomson: And for the quarter and they are obviously a higher margin digital high retention rates.
Brian Han: Thank you.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Thanks, Brian. Laila, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Leung from Macquarie.
Darren Leung: Hi, guys. Thanks for the opportunity. I just have one on Move please and the Real Estate revenues were obviously down 20% and you called out listings down 11%, pretty crude, but it sort of implies that yield -- average yield was down about 9%. Can you talk a little bit about the drivers on this front please and how we should be thinking about the yield driver in the remainder of the year? Thanks.
Susan Panuccio: Darren, we don’t, as you know, give out specific yields. You may recollect that actually over the course of probably the last 18 months, we have been seeing increases in yields that have helped us offset some of those declines. You could imagine in the current market it’s obviously challenging to be pushing yields up in the U.S. So look, I think what we would say is that we just continue to balance where we think we can push yields in certain markets with the current macro environment. That’s probably all we can say on that.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Darren. Laila, we will take the next…
Darren Leung: Thanks. Thanks.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Darren. Thank you, Darren.
Operator: One moment…
Michael Florin: Sorry, Laila, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: We can go to Craig Huber with a follow-up.
Craig Huber: Yeah. I have a follow-up question on realtor.com please. Can you maybe just comment a little further on what you are planning to do on the cost side of the business for the rest of the fiscal year here? I understand obviously the pressure on the topline. But I mean, where do you guys think profits in realtor.com are going to go the -- issue on the topline from a macro standpoint, but you want to invest more it sounds like on the R&D side and in marketing? Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: Craig. Look, if you think about the next quarter, you could probably expect costs to be relatively in line with what we have seen in Q1. As we mentioned, we do want to continue to invest in that business. We see a huge opportunity in that business when the market picks up. We want to make sure that we are in the best position to take advantage of that. Some of the investment areas that we are looking at are building our product investment having a look at marketing, obviously, just given the competitive position there. It’s really important that we do that. So we will probably back in some of those cost investments depending on how revenue trends.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Thank you, Craig. Laila, any other questions?
Operator: There are no further questions on the line at this time.
Michael Florin: All right. Well, thank you all for participating. Have a wonderful day and we will talk to you soon. Take care.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-08-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to News Corp's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. Before we discuss results for the fourth quarter and full year of fiscal 2023, I would like to acknowledge that we’ve now completed a decade of the News Corp's existence. So this is surely an appropriate moment to reflect on our profound transformation, a transformation faithful to the company's founding principles. Consider then and the now, our revenue basis changed fundamentally and expanded dramatically. News and information services accounted for 72% of total revenues in fiscal 2014, which included News America Marketing and Dow Jones. By fiscal 2023, News Media was 23% and revitalized Dow Jones segment was 22%. Digital real estate comprised 5% of total revenues 10 years ago, and that has tripled to over 15% this past year, which includes the acquisition of Move, were revenues have more than doubled. Subscription video services revenues increased from 6% of News Corp's total to 20%, bolstered by the consolidation and control of Foxtel, a business renewed, and Foxtel's imminent completion of a refinancing is expected to facilitate repayments of our outstanding shareholder loans beginning this fiscal year. Candidly, since our reincarnation, we have increasingly digital recurring revenues, higher margins, significantly more free cash flow, robust finances, and bright prospects for long-term growth and value creation for all our shareholders. A few facts to demonstrate our digital scale today. Based on our June metrics, we had 79 million unique visitors at Dow Jones, 159 million at the Sun, 74 million at Realtor.com, 21 million at Housing.com in India, and 145 million at the increasingly influential New York Post. And that digital momentum is surely gathering pace in the age of Generative AI. Along with this relentless focus on digitization, we have been intent on simplifying the company and heightening our cost consciousness. That cost discipline was clearly evident during a year that had a complicated plot line for books. While digital real estate was naturally inevitably affected by the interest rate hikes which appear to be plateauing in the U.S. I would like to pay sincere tribute to Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch and our Directors who have been steadfast in their strategic support, and all our employees and our loyal, insightful investors. Thanks to their collective committed efforts, News Corp achieved its three strongest fiscal years ever in the last three fiscal years 2021, 2022 and 2023. In fact, fiscal '23, was our second most profitable year following fiscal '22, despite the difficult macro conditions in a couple of core segments, and our fourth quarter profitability was significantly higher than last year. There have certainly been fundamental changes in the media landscape. We have led the quest for appropriate compensation for content from the big digital platforms. And that quest began publicly in 2007 when I testified before the House of Lords about the challenges for publishers, and society in the internet age has entered a new, fascinating phase with the rise of Generative AI. Clearly, negotiations are well underway with the relevant companies. And once again, News Corp hopes to set precedents that benefit creators, publishers and journalists around the globe. It is crucial for our societies that AI is replete with EI. That re-composition does not lead to the decomposition of creativity and integrity. We have been characteristically candid about the AI challenge to publishers and to intellectual property. It is essentially a triptych. In the first instance, our content is being harvested and scraped and otherwise ingested to train AI engines. Ingestion should not lead to indigestion. Secondly, individual stories are being surfaced in specific searches. And thirdly, original content can be synthesized and presented as distinct when it is actually an extracting of our editorial essence. These super snippets distilling the effort and insight of great journalism are potentially designed so the reader will never visit a news site, thus fatally undermining journalism and damaging our societies. It is reassuring that the prescient executives at the largest digital companies can see these complexities and understand that our shared responsibilities extend far beyond the commercial, that Generative AI cannot be degenerative, that we are paving a platform for future generations and that we will be collectively held to account and not just by accountants. From the philosophical to the functional, there is no doubt that AI articulations will affect most sections of most companies, whether it be customer service, subscription management, chatbots -- the chatbots, text to audio and audio to video, experiences, efficiencies will be exponential. And we are absolutely clear in our company, there must be a confluence of the technological, the commercial and the cultural. Last earnings, I mentioned the plight of Wall Street Journal reporter, Evan Gershkovich, unjustly incarcerated by Russia for being a journalist seeking facts, seeking the truth. Both the Journal and the U.S government vehemently deny the allegations against him. Evan has now spent almost 5 months in prison. And we thank the many thoughtful people from all around the globe who have rallied to his cause and sought his release. And we thank those who are continuing to press determinedly for his emancipation, and providing support to his courageous family. Turning now to our results for Q4 and fiscal year 2023. The aforementioned macroeconomic factors, that is inflation, supply chain complications, and vaulting interest rates along with volatile foreign exchange rates, patently presented challenges, some of which are more ephemeral than eternal. Nonetheless, we still saw significant progress across several segments. And thanks to our digital and international strategic focus, and acute cost consciousness, including the announced 5% headcount reduction, which we expect to yield more than $160 million in annual gross savings. Not only was this fiscal year the second best ever in terms of profits, we believe we are poised for greater growth in the years ahead. As for the fourth quarter, revenues were over $2.43 billion, 9% lower year-over-year, though a majority of that decline is attributable to foreign exchange rates and an extra week last year, a 53rd week to balance out the multiyear calendar. Mathematically that one extra week accounts for almost half of the difference, and will obviously not be a factor in the current year. Profitability in the quarter rose 8%, which is especially notable and that it comes after a 50% rise a year earlier. We are building on our positive performances even when the headwinds are blustery. Full year revenues were $9.879 billion, down 5% on our record prior year, and total segment EBITDA was over $1.4 billion, 15% lower, thought still the second highest profits recorded for the new News Corp. Dow Jones posted its highest profitability for both the quarter and the full year since we acquired the company, helped by impressive results in the professional information business. In fact, taking a step back, Dow Jones has doubled its profitability in the past 4 years. And for the first time, Dow Jones was the highest contributor profits across all of News Corp in fiscal 2023 as we continue to develop the high margin B2B offerings. We are focused on Dow Jones as a pillar of News Corp's future growth with significant value appreciation for shareholders. Dow Jones is nearing an important threshold with the lucrative B2B business expected to be the highest contributor to profitability in fiscal 2024 and a key driver for future margin expansion. Dow Jones has been bolstered over the past year by the acquisitions of OPIS and Chemical Market Analytics, and by continuing double-digit growth of risk and compliance. It is worth noting that risk and compliance revenues have risen six-fold over the past decade. We believe prospects remain decidedly bright, as the corporate imperative to minimize risk and maximize compliance grows in an ever more complex regulatory regime. We believe the energy transition is an enormous global opportunity for OPIS and we will capitalize on it through new products. The establishment of compelling benchmarks and the generation of must have data, pricing and analytics, whether it be for fossil fuels, hydrogen, solar, lithium, cobalt, EVs, or carbon credits and offsets. The industry relies on OPIS for pricing transparency, which is critical to day by day decision making in a market that is undergoing massive transformation. Dow Jones digital subscription growth accelerated in the second half, partly helped by bundling of our products to capitalize on our clients need for sophisticated market analysis and analytics. We want to channel Market Watch readers to WSJ then to Barron's and Investor's Business Daily, and from there to our specialists business products, that is a pathway to profits for the company. Moreover, we are increasing our international digital focus for the Wall Street Journal, which currently has only 12% of subscriptions outside the U.S where there is much untapped potential. Subscription video services reported adjusted revenue and profit growth, which excludes currency impact for the second straight year, and also for the fourth quarter, a remarkable turnaround from the recent past. We have long-term rights for the key Australian sports and the prime international sports for Australians and have created a model that streamers around the world are now trying to emulate. Our streaming revenue growth again outpaced broadcast declines in both Q4 and the full year, with paid subscribers scaling at a double-digit rate to nearly 3.1 million. So we are particularly confident about Foxtel's future and our optionality given the imminent completion of our refinancing. We were asked frequently in the past how much more capital we would need to commit to Foxtel. But the question now is how much cash we will receive in coming years. REA continued to be impacted by macroeconomic challenges in the Australian housing market, though we do see an easing of those challenges as the interest rate cycle peaks. Home prices have again started to increase and the auction completion rate cross 70% in June, up from 55% in the prior year, REA's audience share against its nearest competitor continued to expand to north of 3.5x in June, while visits to the site have expanded year-over-year for four consecutive months. REA did benefit from product price increases linked to improvements in the quality of those products. While India remains a source of ongoing potential given that Housing.com is already the market leader in a country on a positive economic trajectory with a rapidly expanding middle class. In the U.S., we have new leadership at Move operator Realtor.com. Move experienced much success under David Doctorow and broaden its offerings with the acquisitions of Opcity, UpNest and Avail. We sincerely thank David for his positive contribution, which will resonate for years to come. Damian Eales brings vast digital experience and fiercely competitive spirit and much knowledge of how to leverage News Corp's powerful U.S platforms, whether that be the New York Post, or The Wall Street Journal, or Barron's to build the brand and expand market share. Damian has just returned from Australia, where the Realtor team spent time at REA and the creative collaboration between the two companies will certainly intensify. Scale is crucial. And to put our scale in perspective based on June ComScore data, Realtors valuable and engaged audience is well over 2x of that of Homes.com. Not only do we have scale in residential sales, we believe that we can continue to monetize that audience successfully. For HarperCollins, and for other book publishers, Q4 and fiscal '23 generally was a challenging period with the post-COVID market resetting, logistical issues at Amazon and acute inflationary pressures. Some particular signs of success were joined against Magnolia Table Volume 3, and remarkably Bright Creatures by Shelby Van Pelt. And we have reason for optimism in the near future with books like Tom Lake by Ann Patchett, The Collector by Daniel Silva, and in the T.V.: Big Adventures on the Small Screen by Peter Kay. In Q2, we are looking forward to the next Pioneer Woman Cooks by Ree Drummond Reed Drummond, and The Little Liar by Mitch Albom. In News Media, advertising trends very distinctly by geography with the U.K and the U.S performing best in the quarter. In the UK, the Sun had a successful year, with digital outpacing print ads again in the fourth quarter and for the full year. This strength was accentuated by the year-over-year growth of the Sun in the U.S., which reported a substantial surge in page views, and even higher yields than the successful U.K site. The Times and Sunday Times also hit 565,000 digital subscriptions at the end of June and a 11% increase, underscoring the strength of their journalism and the global potential of the brand. News Corp Australia achieved almost 1.1 million digital subscriptions, an increase of 10%. News.com.au was the leading news website in Australia according to the Ipsos rankings, while the Australian was also in the top 10. In the U.S., the New York Post reported another year of strong profits after decades, if not centuries of endless losses. As I mentioned, the Paper's improved commercial fortunes have been accompanied by growing influence in New York, Washington, and beyond. As the Paper's founder Alexander Hamilton sagely observed, those who stand for nothing for for everything. In a fiscal year affected by the reverberations of war, inflation, interest rate hikes, supply chain disruption and other macroeconomic challenges, and in a business inevitably impacted by foreign exchange fluctuations, News Corp is proud to report its second most profitable year since its reincarnation a decade ago. Our teams have been tested and have clearly passed that exacting test. We ended the year on an upswing, with the company returning to profit growth in the quarter with inflation showing signs of abating, interest rates plateauing, and incipient signs of stability in the housing market we have sound reasons for optimism. All specious macro conditions will surely work to the benefit of a company that has become more digital, more global and with more recurring revenues in higher margin segments. We have navigated the sometimes perilous media waters adroitly and are particularly proud of our provenance, a provenance based on commitment, curiosity, and integrity. We look forward with a sense of genuine of tangible excitement in the potential of our people and our businesses. And we remain utterly determined to deliver positive results for our customers, our employees, and most certainly, for our shareholders. I will now pass you to our erudite CFO, Susan Panuccio, who will provide more insight into our financial coordinate.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Our second half results show marked improvement from the first half of the year with fourth quarter profitability up year-over-year, highlighting the diversity and durability of our revenue streams, and our ongoing cost efficiencies as we navigated the ever changing macro conditions, supply chain pressures and currency headwinds. As the company continues to transition to digital, digital revenues now comprise over half of the company's fiscal 2023 revenues. We have also transformed the revenue base away from cyclical advertising revenues to one that is much more recurring and subscription base with strong growth prospects. We have made strategic acquisitions that we believe have fundamentally strengthened the company. The acquisitions of OPIS, CMA, HMH, Mortgage Choice, and IBD during fiscal 2021 and 2022, have essentially replaced the revenues from News America Marketing, providing a much stronger base for long-term growth. The company has changed and evolved since 2013, and is well-positioned for future success. We have maintained a very healthy balance sheet, while we strengthen the asset base, transformed digitally, generating healthy free cash flow and continue to improve our operating efficiencies. Turning to our financials, I'll focus on the fourth quarter performance. Fourth quarter total revenues were over $2.4 billion, down 9% year-over-year, which was heavily impacted by the $110 million or 4% negative impact related to the extra week last year, and the $72 million or 3% impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Impressively, total segment EBITDA was $341 million, up 8% year-over-year despite very difficult year-over-year comparisons and weak trading conditions at HarperCollins. Margins improved by over 2 percentage points to 14%. Fourth quarter adjusted revenues declined 7% compared to the prior year, while adjusted total segment EBITDA rose 2% versus the prior year. Both revenues and total segment EBITDA were also negatively impacted by the extra week last year. Adjusted revenue and total segment EBITDA did not exclude that impact. Earnings per share in the quarter were a loss of $0.01 compared to income of $0.19 in the prior year. The current quarter reflects $85 million of restructuring and impairment charges mostly related to our company wide headcount reduction that we communicated on the last earnings call and an $81 million noncash write-down in equity losses of affiliates related to REA's investment in PropertyGuru. The prior year income of $0.19 benefited from $149 million tax benefit. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.14 in the quarter compared to $0.37 in the prior year. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments starting with digital real estate services. Segment revenues were $369 million, down 17% compared to the prior year, impacted by the ongoing macroeconomic pressures, a negative impact of $15 million or 4% from foreign currency fluctuations and $14 million or 3% of negative impact from the extra week last year. On an adjusted basis, segment revenues decreased 14%. Segment EBITDA declined 11% to $108 million impacted by lower revenues partially offset by the lower discretionary costs, compensation and broker commissions. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 5%. REA revenues were $223 million, which declined 11% on a reported basis or down 5% on a constant currency basis. The revenue decline was due to the impact of lower national listings and a decrease in financial services revenue driven by lower settlement activity. New buy listings for the fourth quarter were down 18% year-over-year with the higher yielding metro areas of Sydney and Melbourne showing improvement each month of the quarter, yet ended down 17% and 16%, respectively. Those declines were partially offset by the annual price increases in the residential and commercial businesses, increased uptake in premium products including Premiere Plus, favorable depth penetration and continued strong performance from REA India, which maintained its audience leadership. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. At Move, revenues were $146 million, down 24% compared to the prior year, which reflects the $40 million or 7% negative impact related to the absence of the extra week. Excluding the extra week impact, revenue declined 17% similar to the third quarter results, with lead optimization in the lead generation products partially offsetting lower lead and transaction volume. Lead volumes moderated to down 14% year-over-year compared to a decline of 30% in the third quarter, while Realtors average monthly unique users declined 20% from the prior year to 74 million in the fourth quarter, based on internal metrics, yet up from 72 million in the third quarter. We remain focused on driving both usage and engagement through continued product enhancements and improvements to SEO, while expanding our core adjacencies of seller, rentals and new homes. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $501 million, down 4% compared to the prior year on a reported basis due to foreign currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis, revenues rose 3% versus the prior year, the sixth consecutive quarter of growth in constant currency. Streaming revenues accounted for 29% of circulation and subscription revenues compared to 23% in the prior year. OTT revenue growth again more than offset broadcast revenue declines benefiting from both increased subscribers and price increases at Kayo and BINGE. Total closing paid subscribers across the Foxtel Group improved to over 4.6 million at quarter end, up 5% year-over-year. Total paid streaming subscribers approached 3.1 million, increasing 14% versus the prior year and accounted for approximately 66% of Foxtel's total paid subscriber base. Binge continued to expand advertising inventory on the basic product, generating both modest incremental revenues and some upgrade activity to the higher tiered subscription offerings. Foxtel ended the quarter with over 1.3 million residential broadcast subscribers, down only 9% year-over-year. Broadcast churn continued to improve, down more than 260 basis points year-over-year to 11.1%, the lowest level since fiscal 2016, while broadcast ARPU rose 2% to over A$84. Foxtel announced a price rise beginning in July across some of the broadcasters, the first since fiscal 2019 which will benefit the fiscal 2024 results. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $78 million was down 4% versus the prior year, but was up 4% on an adjusted basis despite higher programming costs, mostly related to contractual escalators across key sports rights. On the product front, following the successful growth in streaming, the business will be launching a streaming aggregation device leveraging the Sky Glass technology. expectation is for a commercial launch later in fiscal 2024 and we will keep you updated on our progress. Moving to Dow Jones. Dow Jones had another strong quarter with revenues of $546 million, down 3% which includes the negative impact of $40 million, or 7% related to the absence of the extra week from last year. We let the OPIS acquisition in March and CMA in June. Digital revenues accounted for 79% of total revenues this quarter, up 3 percentage points from last year. Circulation and subscription based revenues represent over 79% of total revenues, up over 2 percentage points from the prior year, underscoring the stability and recurring nature of the revenue base. On an adjusted basis, revenues declined 6%, but would have delivered a modest improvement excluding the extra week. We are continuing to see strong momentum in our professional information business with revenues rising 10% year-over-year, benefiting from the continued integration of OPIS and CMA, coupled with strong revenues from risk and compliance. Results were partly offset by the extra week last year, which led to a $14 million or 8% negative impact on the performance. Excluding the extra week, PIB revenues grew 18%. PIB revenues this quarter accounted for 37% of segment revenues. And while we don't disclose specific margins, PIB margins are higher than the overall Dow Jones margin and are contributing strongly to segment EBITDA, underscoring the uniqueness and durability of the Dow Jones asset mix. Risk & Compliance revenues rose 10% despite the extra week in the prior year, and continue to grow at a high-teens rate on a like-for-like basis. While 60% of the customers are in the financial services sector, the fastest growth is now coming from corporates with demand driven by the anti-money laundering, financial corruption and ESG screening and monitoring products. Retention remains over 90%. OPIS and CMA's revenue performance remains robust benefiting from price escalators, new products and new customers. Retention rates for OPIS and CMA subscription products remain in the mid 90s, which is underpinning the transformation of Dow Jones revenue base. Circulation revenues declined 6% due to the absence of the extra week, lower print volume and weakness at IBD as we noted in the third quarter. Excluding the extra week impact of $17 million, or 7%, circulation revenues were up 1% year-over-year, which is slightly higher than the third quarter rate. Total Dow Jones digital-only subscriptions grew 12% year-over-year or by 163,000 sequentially, with the year-over-year rate improving from last quarter. Advertising revenues declined 14% to $100 million and accounted for 18% of Dow Jones revenues this quarter with digital down 10% and print down 18%. Excluding the negative impact from the absence of the extra week of $9 million or 8% the decline rate moderated from the third quarter to down 6%. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter grew 25% to $133 million, as cost growth moderated from the first half. Margins improved to 24%, up from 19% last year. Adjusted segment EBITDA for the quarter increased 17%, a notable improvement over the third quarter and the full year performance. At book publishing, both HarperCollins and the industry more broadly faced challenging headwinds in the quarter. Revenues fell 13% to $446 million, which included approximately $20 million, or 4% of negative impact from the absence of the extra week. Consumer demand slowed in the fourth quarter more than we initially expected, leading to lower friendly [ph] sales and higher returns, particularly in Christian publishing and general books. Most of the weakness was in North America. Segment EBITDA declined 66% year-over-year to $60 million or 4% segment EBITDA margin. Segment EBITDA was impacted by the week top line performance as well as higher than normal levels of royalty write-offs due to the underperformance of certain titles, further compressing profit margins. Despite some unusual headwinds, we are seeing moderation in freight and manufacturing costs, while headcount reduction initiatives are expected to exceed the 5% target. The backlist represented 59% of revenues for the quarter, up 3 points from last year, but down slightly from Q3. Digital sales declined 10% this quarter mostly driven by lower e-book sales and accounted for 25% of consumer sales, up from 24% last year. On an adjusted basis, revenues fell 13% and segment EBITDA fell 70%. Turning to News Media. Revenues were $571 million, down 9% primarily due to the absence of the extra week, which negatively impacted revenues by $36 million, or 6% and the impact from foreign currency of $80 million or 3%. Adjusted revenues declined 7%. Advertising declined around 15%, reflecting a $15 million or 6% negative impact related to the absence of the extra week and a $6 million or 2% negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Excluding the impact from the extra week and currency, advertising revenues declined approximately 7% due to weaknesses at News Australia, which was impacted by last year's Federal election, and some softness in real estate and retail. News UK and New York posts were relatively stable versus the prior year. Circulation and subscription revenues decreased 7% due to the absence of the extra week negatively impacting revenues by $90 million or 6% at a $9 million or 3% negative impact from foreign currency. Excluding the extra week and currency impact, circulation and subscription revenues rose 2%, with growth driven by cover price increases in the U.K and Australia and double-digit subscriber growth across News Australia and the Times and the Sunday Times. Segment EBITDA of $45 million rose 36% due to a 12% decline in costs driven by ongoing cost saving initiatives and lower costs related to TalkTV and other digital investments. Adjustment segment EBITDA rose 42%. Turning to the outlook. Market trends remain mixed geographically. That said, we have taken aggressive action over the years to improve our asset base, including a shift to more recurring and digital revenues coupled with strong cost initiatives and focused reinvestment in our core pillars. We still expect some inflationary pressures, but are hopeful that they will be at a more modest rate. We exited the fiscal fourth quarter with a return to total segment EBITDA growth and we hope to see improvements in fiscal 2024. Looking at each of our segments, at Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential new buy listings for July declined 5%. REA should benefit from double-digit residential lead growth as price increases have been successfully implemented. Please refer to REA for more specific outlook commentary. At Move, while we anticipate improvements in lead volume and transactions across the full year, they will likely remain challenging in the short-term. We also expect higher marketing spend compared to the fourth quarter together with ongoing investment in adjacencies, which we will balance with cost reductions. In Subscription Video Services, we remain pleased with the performance of the streaming products and the ongoing focus on broadcast ARPU and churn as we complete the migration of customers from cable in the first half. We expect modestly higher expenses for the full year driven by sports rights and product investment, which will be more weighted to the first half. We expect full year CapEx and profitability will be relatively stable in local currency. At Dow Jones, we hope to see improvement in advertising declines. But as is typical, visibility is limited. We also expect to see continued strong growth from PIB. We expect modestly higher overall expenses in the first quarter and for the full year in contrast to the fourth quarter. In book publishing, HarperCollins in the industry exhibited more volatility last year than normal. That said, July was encouraging with a return to revenue growth. EBITDA margins lifting from the fourth quarter lows and prior year comparisons are easing. At News Media, July advertising trends remain mixed geographically. We expect TalkTV costs will be similar, if not lower from the prior year in local currency. We have also seen moderating newsprint cost pressures in the U.K. We expect CapEx in fiscal 2024 to be moderately higher than in fiscal 2023 primarily due to digital reinvestment. That being said, our CapEx came in notably lower than we expected this fiscal year. And we will be monitoring it closely with respect to macro and business conditions as we did during the current year. We expect to generate strong cash flows and expect to return a high percentage to shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Karnovsky from JPMorgan. Please unmute yourself to ask question.
David Karnovsky: Thank you. Maybe, Susan, just on the cost initiatives. I don't know if there's a way you could frame how much that was contributor in the quarter. And then I think last earnings, you'd stated, you thought the majority of the benefit would come through in the fiscal first quarter. Is that still the case? And then just on the other segment EBITDA that was better sequentially. Is that from the cost savings? And should we think about that line is sustainable?
Susan Panuccio: Thanks, David. Look, I think we did have a really good quarter in Q4 in relation to the cost savings, and that certainly helped some of the segments, particularly News Media, you can see that coming through in the results. And yes, I did say last quarter that we would expect to see the full benefit coming through into fiscal 2024. I think that still is the case, as we sit here today. We do expect to exceed that $160 million of gross cost savings from the 5% headcount reduction. But I would note as we go into 2024, we will have some inflationary pressures related to wages, newsprint prices, and manufacturing costs. And we will continue with our digital reinvestment initiatives across the various businesses. So that number quoted was gross cost savings, and that will help offset those increases in investments. Just in relation to the other segment, there are a couple of things going on. We had the NAM settlement, the legal fees in the quarter last year. So we got the benefit of that in this quarter. We also had lower bonus accruals coming through in this year than what we did relative to the prior year. I think if you want to think about the next year, I probably have a look at the Q3 rate as sort of an indicative performance for going forward.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Gould from Loop Capital. Please unmute yourself to ask your question.
Alan Gould: Hi. Yes, thanks for taking the question. Robert, I've got two actually. On the Generative AI, can you give us an indication of this consortium? Are you in a consortium? What the process is? Is there any legislative movement? And secondly, can you give some discussion on Simon & Schuster? I realized that they had one author that speak very talkative, but it seemed like the multiple was expensive.
Robert Thomson: Yes. Alan, look, first of all, on AI you're right by instinct that this is an important moment in the history of news and knowledge, with commercial and social implications and profound impact on creativity and integrity. If fake news and deep fakes are a concern, the potential for sophisticated forgeries for counterfeit content is almost endless. And separately, Generative AI has the potential to recycle itself in what you might call endless, perfidious permutations, and that's why the provenance of the archival base is so crucial and why refreshing daily weekly with incremental improvements is imperative. But -- so the potential is enormous, but garbage in garbage out, garbage all about. We've invested billions of dollars in knowledge creation, actually tens of billions of dollars, and that content certainly has a value in this editorial epoch. And for almost two decades, we've genuinely led the digital debate about provenance, which is echoed in Washington and London, Brussels and Canberra and Tokyo and Rome. For us, what gives me confidence for our company and our community is that the leaders of the largest digital companies are clearly sincerely focused on the issue. They understand our collective responsibility, and we are actively individually engaged in fruitful discussions. So I can't be more specific at this moment. But we see a positive financial result through consensual negotiation, not through litigation. We would like to reward journalists, not lawyers. As for Simon & Schuster, normally we don't speculate on speculation about M&A. But candidly, as you intimated, we wouldn't be prepared to go that high given that in our case, you could reasonably expect 18 months of scrupulous scrutiny by the antitrust authorities, with all related legal costs and the financial opportunity cost. We obviously have great respect for the company and its authors. But given the regulatory risk, we were quietly hoping that, frankly, Simon & Schuster would be reminded, and that we would get the company for a bargain, but it obviously didn't end up in the Barnes & Noble bargain bin.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Alan.
Alan Gould: Thank you.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Alan. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kane Hannan from Goldman Sachs. Please unmute yourself to ask your question.
Kane Hannan: Good morning, guys. Just on Foxtel, should we still think about the 5 million subs, $3 billion revenue target you guys set out for next year back at the Investor Day? And just given those CapEx comments, does that -- I mean, do we still think it will eventually come down to that [indiscernible] target or something changed there?
Robert Thomson: Okay. We're certainly aiming high when it comes to Foxtel. And you can see from the success that we've had in streaming, total streaming subs rose 14% to 3.1 million, and our streaming revenues rose 26%, so that's also healthy growth ARPU. At the same time, broadcast churn fell sharply and was 11.1% in the quarter compared to 13.8% in the prior year, while broadcast ARPU rose 2%. So where else in the world are you actually witnessing a decline in the broadcast churn rate while experiencing a continuing surge in streaming, that really is the Foxtel success story.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, just in relation to the CapEx, yes, we still think that's a relevant target over time. As I've mentioned in my comments, we expect CapEx to be relatively stable in the coming year because we've got the reinvestment in relation to the aggregation service that we're about to launch.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Kane. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Entcho Raykovski from Evans & Partners.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. My question is around the Foxtel shareholder loan. Obviously, you flagged the intention for it to be repaid. Just interested in once that's repaid, do you expect any recourse to News Corp from lenders? In other words, will you have to guarantee any of the Foxtel refi? And I guess as part of answering that question, is there anything in particular which has driven the ability of Foxtel to refinance, particularly if you're not guaranteeing the loan. And sorry, I will just extend it a little bit further. Should we read this into a preparation for a potential spin out of Foxtel down the track? Obviously, that's been speculated for a little while. Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: Entcho, maybe I'll take the first couple. So no, we don't have a guarantee on there. And no, we don't expect that there will be anything to do with the guarantee going forward in relation to the refi. Actually, the reason that we could refi it so successfully is really because of the underlying business performance of Foxtel. They've had a great couple of years and really reinvented themselves. And it's a real credit to the team down there that they've got themselves into this position. So that's really what's driving the strong refi outcome. And maybe I'll hand over to Robert to comment on the IPO.
Robert Thomson: Yes. Entcho, obviously, we can't comment specifically about an IPO. But what I can say with absolute certainty is that the success we've had with Foxtel has given us absolutely the option of optionality.
Entcho Raykovski: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Thanks, Entcho. Leila, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research. Please unmute yourself to ask your question.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. Book publishing, obviously, the margins and the profit dollars there were much lower than I think most people expect it certainly me, but also they are much lower than what the pre-COVID stuff. Is there any reason to think this environment that the revenue performance and the margins won't continue for at least a few more quarters? This is my question.
Robert Thomson: Craig, look, obviously, the 53rd week comparison exaggerates the decline, but the inflationary pressures are beginning to abate and some of the costs around royalty write-offs were relatively unique. So the team has Collins have obviously been taking a remedial action to improve our fortunes for this fiscal. We've implemented a price rise across various categories. And actually, the team is particularly confident about the impact of our current releases. And it's safe to say that our expectation, our firm expectation is that there will be significant margin improvement this year. This very week we have 3 of the top 10 fiction bestsellers in the U.S. with the #1 seller, Ann Patchett's Tom Lake, which has already sold more than 100,000 copies across print and digital in the first week on sale. As well in that top 10, we have Demon Copperhead from Barbara Kingsolver, and The Collector by Daniel Silva. Now that success in the top 10 will be reflected in the bottom line.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Leila we will take our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lucy Huang from UBS. Please unmute yourself to ask your question.
Lucy Huang: Thanks, Robert, and thanks, Susan. I just had one question on Professional Information Services. Are you able to talk through kind of what drove the growth over the fourth quarter. Is it -- or what's the contribution from subscriber growth versus price growth in that business? And I guess maybe if you can talk through some of your margin expectations coming into the fourth quarter. Is there expected to be more incremental investment in this space? Or could we see margins continue to expand into next year? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: Well, Lucy, safe to say we're delighted with the progress in the Dow Jones B2B business. You can see the impact on our margin more broadly at Dow Jones and longer term, you'll see it at News Corporation. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the EBITDA margin at Dow Jones was 13.8% [ph]. In the last quarter, it was 24.4%, and the overall margin at News Corp rose from 11.8% to 14% in a year where we were presented with real macro challenges. Net margin increase is, of course, a measure of growing profitability, but it's also a measure of our robustness. So quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, we've seen double-digit growth increases at Risk & Compliance. We now expect the same for OPIS and CMA and we are frankly, delighted with the speed of integration of both OPIS and CMA and ensuing quarters, you will see the benefits of that.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Lucy. Leila, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Han from Morningstar.
Brian Han: Hi. On the Wall Street Journal, can you please provide some color on digital subscription pricing in terms of how much it rose in the June quarter and what the outlook may be for '24?
Robert Thomson: Brian, difficult to be too specific. What you're seeing in the circulation patterns at Dow Jones is partly a matter of phasing and a modest decline in print subscriptions. The emphasis is on the digital bundle with the combination of Mark Wash Barns and the Wall Street Journal. And sometimes in the shorter term, that means the average price of age is a little lower, but we are building loyalty and reducing churn in each of the products and in the long-term, increasing the price elasticity. I mean, the biggest problem for any [indiscernible] business, apart from acquisition itself is churn.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Brian. Leila, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Leung from Macquarie. Your line is open. Feel free to unmute.
Darren Leung: Hi, guys. Thanks for the [indiscernible]. Just a quick one on Move, please. It looks like the revenues declined 24%, but listing is obviously only down 20%. So I just wanted a bit of clarity in terms of essentially the first period where we've actually seen revenue growth decline more than volume growth. So I just wanted a clarity as to what's happening to the yield and other products space, that's usually been a bit of an offset for the business, please?
Robert Thomson: Obviously, the housing market slowdown in the U.S. is having a profound impact on all digital property companies. And that is being reflected to a certain extent at Realtor. But I have to say the company is core to News Corporation, it's complementary to other assets. And you're going to see that irrefutable fact in coming months with the impact of Damian Eales, who knows company intimately. And what you will see with a lot of digital property companies is the cost of marketing. And we're remaking our marketing and have strong plans for leveraging our platforms. And look, we're talking about enormously influential digital platforms. It helps the Wall Street Journal, by the way, to have exposure in Florida via Realtor. And it helps Realtor to have the Florida audience in the New York Post, which is in the many, many millions. As I mentioned, the post has about 145 million monthly uniques. We have about 80 million at Dow Jones. And in the U.S. alone, about $110 million at the Sun depending on the month. And so in building both listings and yield, we're going to be obsessively focused on leveraging that comparative advantage.
Susan Panuccio: And Darren, there's a little bit of noise in the numbers because of week 53. If you exclude the week 53 impact, it was actually down 17%, which was consistent with what it was down last quarter.
Robert Thomson: And I would just make one further observation about the Australian property market, as Susan alluded to earlier. I would say that we are seeing some particularly positive signs in the Australian housing market, which will surely benefit REA and us. There's no doubt that activity has already picked up this quarter, and that should be reflected in our results. It's a very transparent market. Anyone can track listings and the auction completion rate. So I would encourage investors to do the math in coming weeks. Sometimes we've gotten that, thanks to Lachlan Murdoch. REA is an integral part of News Corporation, and it has a market cap today of around A$21 billion.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Darren.
Darren Leung: Thanks, guys.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Darren. Leila, we will take our next question.
Operator: The Next question will be a follow-up from Craig Huber from Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. I appreciate the much better results in this quarter and you guys have had some really good results you ever since COVID happened, in particular. But it comes up all the time with investors, why is this company News Corp so complicated. And is there any potential movement here to simplify the company going forward? I just -- I guess, I'd love to have updated thoughts on that with what you can tell us. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Look, we are constantly reviewing our structure to ensure the optimal use of resources and the best outcomes for investors. That's why we were prepared to contemplate the sale of Realtor for rather generous price. And why we've done much underlying structural and regulatory work that gives us more flexibility in our collective decision making. So we are conscious -- acutely conscious of our responsibilities to investors, but also acutely aware of the value of our assets. And we've been building a portfolio for a reason. You can see -- since our split, annual print-related revenues have decreased almost $3.2 billion. That is correct, $3.2 billion. And we've more than replace that number with digital growth and made the company far more profitable with far greater free cash flow. So we know that we do need to provide more transparency so that the value and the potential of our assets are better understood as you make clear. That's why we break out Dow Jones. And you can see the rapidly increasing revenues, particularly in the professional information business, which was the largest contributor to profitability this year. And that has already been noticed by investors.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Leila, we will take our next question.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. So I'll hand over to Michael Florin for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Great. Well, thank you, Leila, and thank you all very much for participating. Have a wonderful day, and we will talk to you soon. Take care.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-05-11 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to News Corp's Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal third quarter 2023 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. Before discussing our results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 it is particularly important to begin by noting that today marks the 44th day in captivity for Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich who was wrongfully willfully detained in Russia. I would like to express our thanks and that of Mr. Latour, Emma Tucker, and all the Dow Jones for the unstinting support shown for Evan and his family by the U.S. and many other governments, media companies, journalism organizations and concerned principled people around the world. We trust that justice and common sense will prevail and that Evan will soon be released. Turning now to the third quarter results. We began to see meaningful improvements compared to the prior quarter with certain macro and sect oral trends more positive, and our cost cutting program beginning to gain traction. For context, these earnings follow record revenues and profitability in fiscal 2022. And we've been confronting the challenges of foreign exchange volatility, a surge in interest rates, persistent inflation, and ongoing supply chain disruptions. Our results demonstrate the fundamental differences in the character of News Corp, compared with other media companies. In a period in which advertising activity was clearly insipid in certain parts of the world our core non advertising revenue was particularly robust, highlighted by a 38% increase in revenues at the Dow Jones professional information business. For the quarter, total revenues were over $2.4 billion down only 2% year-over-year as compared to the 7% decline in Q2. Adjusted revenues excluding our acquisitions and distinctly unfavorable Forex movements equal those of last year. Meanwhile, profitability was $320 million down 11% despite a tough prior year comparison, and the just articulated external pressures. As for the company wide cost reduction drive, we are well advanced in taking the difficult but necessary step of reducing headcount by 5%, which is now expected to yield more than $160 million in annualized savings by the end of this calendar year. In addition, we are strictly scrutinizing spending across all categories, and expect further savings as we strive for efficiency and efficacy. There has been much discussion, some of it enlightened, some not so about the potential impact of generative AI, and there is no doubt that it will profoundly affect a media business. Candidly, generative AI may pose a challenge to our intellectual property and to the future of journalism. As those who have experimented with ChatGPT will be aware, the answers are only as insightful and factual as the source material, and are more retrospective than contemporary. Given those precepts we see three areas in which our content will be used by generative AI creators, whose products will be enhanced by our IP for which we should be compensated. Firstly, our content will inevitably be used as has already been exploited to train AI engines. Secondly, specific examples of our content will be surfaced in response to us as AI queries. And thirdly, and crucially, our content will certainly be aggregated and synthesized and those answers monetized by other parties, we expect our fair share of that monetization. Generative AI cannot be degenerative AI. The digital debate over content and journalism has evolved significantly in the past few years. And we appreciate the social and commercial commitment of our partners at Google, Apple, Microsoft and Meta. The A in AI cannot be ambiguity, nor can the I represent ignorance, integrity would be more apt, which brings us to Dow Jones among the world's foremost and most trusted purveyors of business news data and analysis. The third quarter reflected its robust revenue generation, even in testing economic times, and as I mentioned, was highlighted by the burgeoning of our professional information business, which reported a 38% surge in revenues, including a 16% rise at our risk and compliance business, and that number was negatively affected by Forex fluctuations.  Dow Jones has certainly benefited from the acquisitions of Opus and CMA, which continue their high margin growth in recent months. We will be expanding their product offerings over the next year, with particular emphasis on renewables and carbon metrics, and we are confident of many years of strong growth ahead. Digital revenues accounted for 79% of all revenues at Dow Jones a significant increase from the 60% level during fiscal 2018. Aside from the professional information business digital subscriptions continue to grow up 9% to $3.3 million at the Wall Street Journal and up 10% to $4.3 million Dow Jones as a whole with total subscriptions now at $5.1 million, despite print subscriptions, obviously being under some pressure. The strong performance overall came despite an insipid ad market in the U.S. with continued weakness in tech advertising. Though we did see an improvement in demand in April, so the auguries have improved. Dare I say the failure of Silicon Valley Bank has been a catalyst for other U.S. financial institutions to try to reassure customers and highlight their own solidity. And the Wall Street Journal, Barron's and market watch a vital platforms for any financial firm aspiring to bolster its credentials. In Australia, Foxtel group continues to build on its streaming success. Streaming now accounts for two thirds of the total Foxtel subscription base, and that revenue growth is more than offsetting the decline in broadcast. Fears that are world class streaming products would be a catalyst for cannibalization have been unfounded. Broadcast churn is at near record low levels with Foxtel retail churn in March under 10%. That success is also a tribute to our marketing and customer service teams at Foxtel and to the leadership of Patrick Delaney and Shavon. McKenna. As at the end of March, Binge entertainment streaming product launched advertising on its basic service adding a new lucrative revenue stream. Interest from advertisers has been added as the initial phase of packages were sold out. We have demand and seemingly some flexibility on pricing in the months and years ahead. After a couple of tough quarters fortunes have certainly improved at HarperCollins. With a bevy of best sellers and some moderation of supply chain snuffers. Margins were higher in the third quarter compared to the first half. We also have an attractive roster of books in this in upcoming quarters. So we believe we are on a journey to the sunlit uplands. Amazon's orders improved in a quarter, and our titles prospered. In particular Ron DeSantis, The Courage to Be Free. Barbara Kingsolver as Damon Copperhead as well as Colleen Hoover and Tarryn Fisher's Never Never and Ben Hall's Saved. In the fourth quarter contempt is already topping bestseller lists with You Can't Joke About That. If I could make a self interested recommendation it is worth a read or listen. Last week we also published the latest incarnation of the Magnolia Table Cookbook. We are justifiably optimistic about the prospects for the Bridget and prequel Queen Charlotte by Julian Quinn, and Shonda Rhimes, which went on sale this week, coinciding with the launch of the new Netflix series. The news media segment reported a substantial improvement over the second quarter with advertising in constant currency increasing 2%, so down 5% in U.S. dollars, this increase was a vastly different outcome to that of most media companies in most countries. We are confident that our teams are more skilled in sharing advertising insights across borders and platforms and that innate intelligence is reflected in our revenue numbers. One success story is the sun.com were total pageviews in the quarter search 94% year-over-year reaching close to a billion views. The site, which has benefited from the partnership with the New York Post and our other U.S. properties, has triumphed in tough times and notably, the Sun's U.S. digital advertising revenues now exceed those of the British platform. In the UK connected listing hours at wireless hit an all time high, reaching an average of 8.4 million per week in the quarter, a 10% increase from the prior year, and reflective of our superb coverage of the Premier League, which reaches its seasonal crescendo in coming days, hopefully within and against the odds triumph by arsenal. As for the New York Post, the previously perennial loss maker continued to be profitable in the third quarter, and to build on its important influence on the national debate. Engagement at the post digital properties rose 4% over the prior year to 690 million pageviews in March, providing a powerful platform for its compelling content. At digital real estate services obviously enough, the interest rate surge and accompanying uncertainty in the housing market have had an impact in the U.S. and Australia. But these are not permanent conditions and the digitization of the property market is far from complete. There were signs of improvement in the market this quarter, but we understand that the increase in rates has had an impact on affordability and created uncertainty for potential house sellers and buyers. When that uncertainty evaporates, we'll be primed to take full advantage of the opportunity. In the midst of the challenges realtor is focusing on adjacencies particularly on the sell side and rental segments. And we are continuing to see benefits from the use of our media platforms among others, the wsj.com, New York Post and the U.S. edition of the Santa Dr. brand recognition and generate traffic. The results of that campaign were seen in the past quarter, and we expect they will continue to be seen in coming quarters. Since the campaign began in February, the project has generated more than half a billion impressions and shown the unique power we have to bolster brands and turbocharged traffic. Realtor.com also further integrated up nest into its seller experiences in Q3 and is seeing significantly higher conversion rates. At REI a revenues were softer in Q3 compared to the prior year. Due to the lower listing volume, though we are seeing encouraging signs with realestate.com that is reaching almost 132 million visits in March, the highest total in 16 months and the fifth highest on record. With indications that prices and demand are against strengthening in Australia, we believe we are poised to prosper. And that is also true in India where housing.com is the leading digital property platform and saw 21% year-over-year growth in average site visits in the quarter. It is worth noting this metric, as India has just passed China as the most populous country and continues to have relative political stability and enormous economic potential. As I said at the outset, there has been much tangible progress in the third quarter, and the auguries are certainly positive for coming quarters. We will absolutely focus on our core engines of growth and prioritize simplification, cost reductions and thoughtful capital stewardship. We remain committed to constantly reviewing our structure and to creating enduring value for our shareholders. And now to provide more insight into third quarter developments I turn to Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Our financial results this quarter demonstrated tangible improvements from the first half, which combined with the implementation of our aggressive cost actions should position News Corp well, for fiscal 2024. Third quarter total revenues were over $2.4 billion down just 2% year-over-year which was a significant improvement from the second quarter rate and included a $98 million or 4% negative impact from foreign currency headwinds. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions and divestitures third quarter adjusted revenues were flat compared to the prior year with improving trends at the news media Subscription Video Services and publishing segments offset by the decline at digital real estate services segment. Advertising trends were mixed across our geographies. Total segment EBITDA was $320 million 11% lower compared to the prior year's record Q3 profits. Results included $7 million of professional fees related to the proposed merger with Fox and the potential sale of Move. Adjusted total segment EBITDA declined 15% versus the prior year. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.09 compared to $0.14 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were also $0.09 in the quarter compared to $ 0.16 in the prior year. Before I discuss the quarter, I wanted to provide an update on our headcount reduction program. Reductions across the business units will vary given the differing nature of our businesses and costs work done to date. We currently expect the annualized gross cost savings to exceed $160 million, up from our initial estimate of at least $130 million, with the majority of the savings to be reflected in fiscal 2024. We also expect to incur approximately $90 million to $100 million of cash restructuring charges related to the headcount reductions in the second half of fiscal '23. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments starting the digital real estate services. Segment revenues were $363 million down 13% compared to the prior year, impacted by the ongoing macro economic pressures on both the U.S. and the Australian housing markets. The results include a negative impact of $30 million or 3% from foreign currency fluctuations. On an adjusted basis segment revenues decreased 10%. Segment EBITDA declined 26% to $102 million impacted by lower revenues, the negative impact related to currency headwinds and higher costs related to REI India, partially offset by lower costs at Move. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 24%. REI revenues were $222 million, which declined 10% on a reported basis or down 4% on a constant currency basis. The revenue decline was primarily driven by lower residential revenues and to a lesser extent softness in financial services. In the quarter Australian National residential buy listings were down 12% with Sydney and Melbourne down 20% and 18% respectively. Those declines were partially offset by the annual price increases in the residential and commercial businesses, increased uptake in premium products including premiere plus, favorable depth penetration, and another robust performance from REI India, which maintained its audience leadership. Like our other businesses at News Corp. REI is taking steps to reduce expenses with a focus on discretionary operational spend and marketing costs. Please refer to REI's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. At Move revenues were $141 million down 17% compared to the prior year, real estate revenues were down 23% driven by lower lead and transaction volumes reflecting broader housing market challenges. Lead volume fell 30% while Realtors average monthly unique users declined 24% to $72 million in the third quarter based on internal metrics yet up from the $66 million in the second quarter. Realtor has been focusing on optimizing revenues via a prioritized set of initiatives while managing operating expenses as the business weathers ongoing market headwinds initiatives include enhancing media advertising placements, including implementing a broader partnership with the businesses across News Corp, optimizing lead allocation across markets, accelerating our go direct path for new homes and building out the rentals vertical. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $477 million down 3% compared to the prior year on a reported basis due to foreign currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis revenues rose 2% versus the prior year the fifth consecutive quarter of growth in constant currency. Streaming revenues accounted for 26% of circulation and subscription revenues compared to 20% in the prior year and again more than offset broadcast revenue declines benefiting from both volume growth and higher pricing at Kayo and Binge. Total closing paid subscribers across the Foxtel group improved to nearly $4.6 million at quarter end up 6% year-over-year. Total paid streaming subscribers were approximately $3 million increase in 16% versus the prior year and accounted for approximately six to 5% of Foxtel's total paid subscriber base. Paid subscribers for Kayo reached a record of over 1.3 million up 14% year-over-year. Net adds from the prior quarter improved to 183,000, the largest sequential increase in seven quarters with the start of the popular winter sports codes in March. Revenues also benefited from a price rise implemented in February. Binge paid subscribers grew 22% year-over-year or 109,000 net ads from the last quarter to nearly 1.5 million subscribers benefiting from the successful release of The Last of Us. As Robert mentioned, on March the 30th Foxtel introduced advertising within the Binge basic product, the product accounts for approximately 30% of all been subscribers. We expect a modest revenue contribution from advertising beginning in the fourth quarter. Foxtel ended the quarter with over 1.3 million residential broadcast subscribers. Broadcast churn continued to improve down 200 basis points year-over-year to 12.3%. In fact, Foxtel retail churn was just under 10% for March 2023. Broadcast ARPU rose 2% to over 84 Australian dollars. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $68 million was down 14% versus the prior year. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 9% reflecting higher sports costs due to contractual escalators and enhancements. Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones posted healthy top line growth in the third quarter with revenues of $529 million, up 9% compared to the prior year. Digital revenues accounted for 79% of total revenues this quarter up three percentage points from last year. Circulation and subscription based revenues represented over 80% of total revenues up three percentage points from the prior year, underscoring the stability and recurring nature of the revenue base. On an adjusted basis revenues were flat impacted by weaker advertising revenues compared to the prior year. We are continuing to see very strong momentum in our professional information business with revenues rising 38% year-over-year reflecting the acquisitions of Opus and CMA coupled with strong revenues from risk and compliance. PIP revenues accounted for 37% of segment revenues. Risk and Compliance revenues rose 16% despite a three percentage point negative impact from foreign currency, led by an increasing demand for screening and monitoring and financial crime search products. The pipeline remains robust, most notably in EMEA. Opus and CMA strong revenue performance is helping reshape Dow Jones revenues to be more recurring, as we have increased pricing across our customer base. As Robert mentioned, its carbon index offering continues to expand and we expect will lead to the creation of new products for current and new customers. Retention rates for Opus and CMA's products remained well over 90% in the quarter. Circulation revenues declined 1%. The modest decline was driven by lower print volumes and some softness in IBD. Total Dow Jones digital only subscriptions grew 10% year-over-year or by 208,000 sequentially, the highest net add since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. The focus this year has been on the launch of bundles, which expanded to include IBD in the third quarter. Advertising revenues declined 14% to $88 million and accounted for 17% of Dow Jones revenues this quarter within advertising digital fell 17% and print was down 8% with notable impacts from the technology and finance categories as we mentioned last quarter. While the advertising market remains challenged, we are seeing encouraging signs with the rate of decline abating after hitting a low in December each successive month showed an improvement with March notably down mid single digits and we saw further improvements in April. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter grew 24% to $109 million as cost growth moderated from the first half or be at the business is still experiencing the impact of inflationary pressures. The results also reflect the lapping of transaction costs related to the Opus acquisition last year. Segment EBITDA margins rose to over 20%. Adjusted segment EBITDA for the quarter declined 11%. At book publishing revenues were flat at $550 million, driven by higher Christian book sales offset by foreign currency fluctuations. After a challenging first half of the year, we saw some positive trends with stability in Amazon orders in North America following the reset in the first half as well as stronger performance from several recent titles. Segment EBITDA declined 9% to $61 million. Costs rose approximately 1% reflecting ongoing supply chain issues in North America specifically in manufacturing, distribution and freight costs, which are now showing signs of moderation. The headcount initiative is well underway, which should result in lower employee costs in the fourth quarter. In the quarter HarperCollins also settled a three month long strike with the UAW, the backlist represents 60% of revenues for the quarter up slightly from last year. Digital sales declined 3% this quarter and accounted for 23% of consumer sales in line with the prior year. On an adjusted basis revenues rose 2% and segment EBITDA fell over 7%. Turning to news media. Revenues were $563 million down 3% and included a $42 million or 7% negative impact on revenues from foreign currency fluctuations. The adjusted revenues rose 4% improving from the prior quarter rate. Circulation and subscription revenues declined 4% but rose 4% in constant currency. Growth on a constant currency basis was driven by cover price increases in the UK and Australia and double digit digital subscriber growth across news Australia and the Times and the Sunday Times. Advertising trends improved this quarter as advertising revenues were down 5% but gained 2% in constant currency. Advertising revenues and News UK rose 8% in constant currency led by strong digital advertising performance, which is continuing to benefit from the growing scale of the sun.com in the U.S. and improved performance at the Times and Sunday Times. Advertising was flat at News Australia in constant currency and notably both Australia and the New York Post benefited from an improvement in print advertising this quarter. Segment EBITDA of $34 million declined 13% reflecting a much more modest decline from the first half rate as incremental year-over-year investments related to the Talk TV initiative in the UK, and other digital initiatives in Australia slowed to approximately $30 million. Newsprint costs remain a challenge having $14 million of negative impact this quarter from higher prices. Those pressures were partially offset by ongoing cost saving initiatives across the businesses. Adjusted segment EBITDA fell 5%. Turning to the outlook. As a reminder last year's fourth quarter, including an extra week which contributed $110 million to revenues or about 4% to revenue growth and will impact prior year compares. We continue to face some supply chain and inflationary pressures and advertising conditions remain uncertain. However, it is important to note that the company's exposure to advertising has materially declined as a result of the reshaping of our portfolio, including the acquisitions of Opus and CMA. In fact, advertising revenues represented only 16% of total revenues in the third quarter. Despite the extra week of difficult prior comparison, and ongoing foreign exchange headwinds given current spot rates, we expect to see improvements in profitability in the fourth quarter as we continue to implement aggressive cost initiatives. Looking at each of our segments a digital Real Estate Services Australian residential new by listings for April declined 24%. Please refer to REI for more specific outlook commentary. At Move like the third quarter, we expect lead volumes to remain challenged in the near term and we will continue to balance marketing spend and reinvestment in adjacencies with necessary cost reductions elsewhere. In Subscription Video Services, we continue to expect the Foxtel group's profitability in local currency for the full year to be relatively stable to the prior year despite a step up in sports rights costs in the second half related to annual contractual escalators. At Dow Jones, we saw an improvement in advertising in April, albeit visibility remains limited, as the prior year compares will be further impacted by the extra week in fiscal 2022. We expect the rate of investment spending to slow which would lead to improve profitability in the fourth quarter. We have now fully lapped the Opus acquisitions in the third quarter and will lapse CMA in June. In book publishing April, revenue trends was soft consistent with industry data, but we expect cost pressures to start to moderate and are optimistic about our release slate, which as Robert noted includes Magnolia Table, Volume 3 from Joanna Gaines and Queen Charlotte, a Prequel to Bridgerton from Julia Quinn and Shonda Rhimes. At news media, advertising trends remain volatile with limited visibility. We expect total segment costs to decline in part due to lower incremental costs related to the Talk TV investment, which launched in April 2022 and we hope to see improve profitability for the segment. We have also seen moderating newsprint cost pressures in the UK. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Karnovsky from JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky: Hi. Thank you, Robert, following up on your comments about generative AI, I'd be interested to get kind of your expanded view on how you think this tech is going to impact how consumers receive their news and information and what opportunities or risks that opens up for you in terms of your relationship with readers. And then maybe as a follow on what use cases do you see for the technology and the generation or repackaging of some of the news content you produce? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: David, a very thoughtful question. We're obviously at an early stage of the evolution of generative AI. It will have a profound impact. And I was recently in Tokyo seeing our teams. And in recent months HarperCollins, Japan has been using sophisticated programs to create images for manga stories by transforming a sketch or a photo or just inputting words three separate generative AI programs. You use an image from our library to create complete manga sets, obviously saving a lot of time, and transforming potentially the character of that business. But it's not only going to have an impact on content. It will clearly have a profound impact on the management of the business, whether customer service or billing or whatever. I mean one contradiction of any businesses that the more you customize the harder and more expensive it is to scale. And that contradiction can be overcome with AI. I think as the well known management consultant Socrates observed, the secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old but building the new.
Michael Florin: Thanks, David. Leila we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kane Hannan from Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Good morning guys. Thanks for the question. Maybe just the cost out which interested, I suppose some of the commentary there particularly Dow Jones and books was pretty positive on the top line outlook and how things have been improving. There's interested why the cost targets been upgraded with that backdrop. And I suppose as a follow on to that, just what the net benefit of the [indiscernible] program was in the first quarter, if we think about all in with the restructuring charges potentially coming through? Just --
Robert Thomson: Kane look, obviously, the headcount reduction is about calibration or celebration, but it's fair to say that the savings will exceed the significantly the 136 million that we identified in the last earnings call and will now surpass 160 million that's attributed to the diligence of our teams undertaking difficult work. And I do emphasize that's just one element of the cost cutting that's underway at the company we've severely scrutinize everything from tech spend and travel expenses. So the total savings number next year will obviously exceed that total.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane Just to add our business units, they're quite experienced to identifying areas for improvement, and we can leverage those across the group as we looked for cost savings, which is one of the reasons we've been able to drive additional cost savings. We're not going to get into the details without sort of the net off of the cost savings but we can expect that as we head into fiscal [2024] from Q1 we really would expect to see the majority of both cost savings on with P&L.
Michael Florin: Thanks Kane. Leyla, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research. [Operator Instructions].
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi, Craig Huber. Thank you. Had a similar question on the costs. Obviously, you announced five headcount reduction three months ago, roughly about 2% of total costs. Can you quantify all what the other cost savings you're talking about is I mean, few companies just reduce headcount don't touch other stuff. And you guys are taking calls out elsewhere ? Can you quantify that for us? Is that possible?
Susan Panuccio: We haven't quantified it, Craig. But what I can say is it cuts across lots of different areas. We're looking at discretionary spend, as you'd expect office expenses, T&E we have a look across our print sites, and we're constantly looking for opportunities around our manufacturing plants and what we can do there. We look at our casual cost base with the variable costs. We have a look at marketing costs as well. So it's really a variety of costs that we continue to focus on. And as I said that the businesses are pretty good at actually having a look at this now.
Michael Florin: Thanks Craig. Leyla we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Next question will come from Darren Lung from Macquarie. 
Darren Lung: Hello, guys, thanks for the opportunity. I just want to ask around the higher printing costs and supply chain issues in books, please. So I think we're talking about it being a headwind in prior periods and looking at it looks like it's flat versus the prior year. Can you just give us a view as to what we've achieved or what's changed in the business to sort of maintain that please?
Susan Panuccio: Actually, I think the comps are up year-on-year because we are still experiencing some of the supply chain pressures. I mean, what I would say is freight costs, we're seeing a moderating of that as we're seeing an easing of some of the supply chain pressures on shipping costs. But we are seeing enhanced paper costs still coming through and we're seeing some additional fuel costs are coming in because of the inflationary pressures. So it was a little bit mixed. We are seeing the moderation but they have been up.
Robert Thomson: And Darren just to supplement Susan. Of course, what has been particularly prevalent over the past year is the change in purchasing rhythm, [indiscernible] Amazon and now that the reset has been reset, we have more confidence in the profitability of HarperCollins. And no doubt that the current crop of best sellers will make a positive difference in coming quarters.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Darren, Leyla we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Gould from Loop Capital. 
Alan Gould: Thanks for taking the question. Robert, Susan I'm always shocked how well the news media business continues to hold up. Two things on there. Can you give us a little more detail of what's happening with Talk TV and the plans to turn that profitably? And secondly, just shocked to see print advertising actually doing better than digital advertising this quarter? What is happening there?
Robert Thomson: Well, on the Talk TV we've always said it will be a low cost high quality project. And it will constantly review progress and technological developments that give us flexibility in delivery and reduce expenses. In the coming months, you should see that incremental costs are falling with a naturally positive impact on our earnings. And I have to say the venture certainly enabled us to promote products across a plethora of our platforms and enhanced video capability globally, given that we're able to slice and dice programs in different formats for different time zones. And as you can imagine, increasing our video expertise generally is a core priority for all our businesses.
Susan Panuccio: I mean Alan just on the print side, I mean look at it has been a pleasant surprise. And we've seen this over the last couple of years as it relates to print advertising. It really just depends on categories. Down in Australia, they've seen a pickup in travel advertising, which has really helped down there as the market has started to open up. They do get some good tailwind through retail, in different quarters as well. So it really is variable each quarter, but it's down to the different categories.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Alan. Leyla, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll take a follow up from Craig Huber from Huber Research. Go ahead Craig your line is open.
Craig Huber: Your book revenues held up much better than we thought in the quarter. I mean, given the issues you guys were called out in the past about Amazon warehouses issues with them and stuff. You just talk through that or you think that's all behind you now?
Robert Thomson: Craig, as I mentioned earlier, there clearly has been an adjustment at Amazon. That adjustment as we understand is complete. And so those awkward moments are past. And now really it's down to the quality of the front list and expanding impact about backlist. For example, in the most recent quarter a backlist was 60% of sales. As you know, backlist generally is more profitable for us. And so now we have an opportunity to make the most of our excellent authors and our marketing potential. 
Susan Panuccio: And Craig also I mean for April, we've just had the results come in. And there has been a little bit of softness just in consumption. So we're still waiting to see where consumption settles down in the post COVID world. But pleasingly, the results for Q3 were much better than the first half.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Thank you. Leila we will take our next question, please.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. So I'll hand back to Michael Florin for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Great. Well, thank you, Leila. And thank you all for participating. Have a great day. And we'll talk to you soon. Take care.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-02-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to News Corp's Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal second quarter 2023 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in the earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. The second quarter produced challenges for some of our businesses and highlighted the progress made in other segments that had been challenged. Obviously, a surge in interest rates and persistent inflation had an impact on all of our businesses, but in particular, Digital Real Estate and Book Publishing, which remains a majority of physical business and continues to be subject to logistical exigencies. But we believe these challenges are more ephemeral than eternal. And just as our company passed the stress test of the pandemic with record preference. The reform is now underway at our businesses should create a solid platform for future profitability. Crucially, we will be reducing headcount across the company by 5%. That is a necessary response given these macro conditions. There are other broader trends that will inevitably be auspicious such as our evolving partnerships with major tech platforms and the incipient changes to the digital advertising market, which should enable us to improve yields for our valuable inventory and have more oversight of permission data. At the same time, we are absolutely focused on reducing costs across our businesses and making price adjustments where prudent. And we are continuing to work on the integration of our recent acquisitions, OPIS and CMA, which are already enhancing revenue and profits at Dow Jones. As for our discussions over the potential sale of Move, we will provide an update at the appropriate moment. Obviously, any potential deal would be designed to maximize value for our shareholders in the short and long term. Looking now at the second quarter of fiscal year 2023. We generated over $2.5 billion in revenues, representing a decline of 7% year-over-year, though most of that was due to foreign currency. Adjusted revenues were down only 3%. Profitability was $409 million compared to $586 million in the prior year, reflecting the challenges of interest rates and inflation noted earlier, and the impact of fickle ForEx movements, which have shown signs of abating in recent weeks. Even in the midst of the obvious global challenges I've described, Dow Jones had a solid quarter, and the professional information business displayed particular promise with revenues surging 45% year-over-year. The result highlights the value of our opportunistic acquisition of OPIS and CMA, where we have recently launched products, including carbon credit indices and are working on more sophisticated analytics for our growing customer base. Risk and Compliance again reported strong revenue growth, increasing 13% despite capricious currency trends, with the demand for New York customer tools expanding as governments globally continue to tighten regulations and wheeled sanctions. The imperative for an authoritative audit trial has expanded far beyond financial institutions and the credibility that Dow Jones brings is in itself an important factor for many companies. Is there anyone on this call who does not want to minimize risk and maximize compliance? Dow Jones has begun to roll out a new user interface for the Aladdin's Cave of content that is Factiva, which is an essential tool for serious businesses. The truth is that the interface was in need of simplifying and the Dow Jones team have addressed that issue. The easier Factiva is to use, the more it will be used. Overall, at Dow Jones, digital revenues now comprise 76% of total revenues, a 4 percentage point rise over the past year. Some of that expansion is due to continuing strength in digital subscriptions. Digital-only subscriptions increased 10%, while total Dow Jones consumer subscriptions rose 5%. In fact, just in recent weeks, total Dow Jones subscriptions sold past the 5 million mark for the first time. Almar Latour and the team are increasing the emphasis on upselling subscriptions with the bundling of Market Watch, the WSJ, IBD and Barron's. The basic strategy is to provide an ever more premium service for our readers as we leverage valuable audiences across platforms. I am particularly proud to highlight the continuing revival of Foxtel's fortune under the Sage leadership of Patrick and Chevron and the team, we have increased profitability and thus optionality. Reported segment revenues were down 7%, while segment EBITDA rose a healthy 5%. Even more impressively, adjusted revenues, which excludes the impact of ForEx volatility, rose 3%, while adjusted segment EBITDA rose a handsome 16%. Streaming continues to be a core strength of Foxtel, as we have added well over 0.5 million paying OTT subscribers in the past year. BINGE reached nearly 1.4 million paying subscribers in the quarter and we'll be launching an advertising tier later this fiscal year as we seek to maximize Foxtel's revenue potential. Total paying subscriptions at Foxtel were up 10% year-over-year, and we also saw the benefits of modest price increases at Kayo and BINGE. Our sports programming portfolio has been enhanced with the renewal of Australian cricket rights to 2031. We are now on the cusp of the peak selling season for Kayo as the Australian Football and Rugby League seasons will start imminently, and we solidified our entertainment offerings with an expanded multiyear content deal with NBCU. Overall, Foxtel's continuing success and positive trajectory have certainly increased our optionality for that business. HarperCollins experienced another difficult quarter, reflecting sluggish spending on books after the pandemic inspired surge, difficult front-list comparisons as well as the continuing impact of Amazon's logistics issues. Under the prevailing circumstances, it is absolutely necessary to confront the cost base as we seek to bolster long-term profitability in the post-pandemic marketplace. Some of our key titles this quarter include Fox News, host Harris Faulkner’s Faith Still Moves Mountains, and Joanna Gaines' The Stories We Tell. While best-selling orders, Colleen Hoover and Tarryn Fisher's work Never Never will be released later this month. The News Media segment showed signs of real resilience in the midst of a volatile advertising market and ForEx headwinds. The standout masthead was the sun.com in the U.S., which reported 127% year-over-year increase in quarterly page views. Meanwhile, the Times and Sunday Times reached nearly 490,000 digital subscriptions in the quarter. And at News Corp Australia, total digital subs exceeded 1 million, representing an 11% rise year-over-year. Wireless had a solid quarter in connected listening, which was assisted by interest in the World Cup on talkSPORT, while TalkTV revitalized its lineup, and the New York Post remains on target for another profitable year despite the air market. As for Digital Real Estate Services, the patent complexities of the current housing market in both the U.S. and Australia are well known and have had an effect on REA and Move. The property market inevitably has interest rate-related cycles. But with rates nearing a peak in both the U.S. and Australia, we believe the next phase of the cycle is not far away. We have this week launched a new campaign to use our media inventory to drive traffic at realtor.com and the positive effect should be seen in coming months. REA continued to maintain its number one market share in Australia this quarter with over 3.3 times the audience of its nearest competitor. And our business in India, now the market leader in audience is showing much potential. While leads were down at realtor.com in the quarter, the business saw a year-over-year improvement in revenue per lead as the team is focused on pricing, sell-through and close rights. We now are increasing our emphasis on the monetization of sell-side listing as inventory time on the market has increased significantly in recent months, and we will be able to provide realtors and vendors with improved service. In closing, while we expect the macro trends to have a continuing effect on our businesses and are committed to a 5% reduction in our workforce, we are confident that the combination of prudent cost management, sound capital stewardship, commitment to digital expansion and simplification should provide a firm foundation for future growth. And we will remain acutely focused on the creation of value for our shareholders as the possible sale of Move eloquently testifies. We also remain firmly committed to our $1 billion share buyback and dividend program. And now for more granular account of our second quarter, I give you over to Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thanks, Robert. Before I discuss the quarterly results, I want to expand on Robert's opening comments. As we noted in our recent SEC filing, we have been engaged in discussions with CoStar about a potential sale of move. Any potential transaction would need to not only maximize shareholder value, but also strengthen realtor.com's competitive position. We do not plan on making additional comments on this call regarding the potential transaction, and we'll update the market when appropriate. Turning to our fiscal 2023 2nd quarter results. The macro environment weighed heavily on the financial results and conditions worsened as the quarter progressed, most notably in December. Second quarter total revenues were over $2.5 billion, down 7% year-over-year, which included a $171 million or 6% negative impact from foreign currency headwinds. We -- excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions and divestitures, second quarter adjusted revenues fell 3% compared to the prior year. The revenue decline was primarily driven by the Book Publishing and Digital Real Estate Services segment. On a constant currency basis, we saw continued growth in circulation and subscription revenues, which was partially offset by a modest decline in advertising revenues. Total segment EBITDA was $409 million, 30% lower compared to the prior year's record profits. The results included $6 million of onetime costs incurred by the special committee and the company regarding the proposal from the Murdoch Family Trust, which has now been withdrawn and the special committee has been dissolved. Adjusted total segment EBITDA declined 28% versus the prior year period. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.12 compared to $0.40 in the prior year due to lower total segment EBITDA and higher losses from equity affiliates. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.14 in the quarter compared to $0.44 in the prior year. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services. Segment revenues were $386 million, down 15% compared to the prior year, impacted by the ongoing macroeconomic pressures on both the Australian and U.S. housing markets. The results include a negative impact of $26 million or 5% from foreign currency fluctuations. On an adjusted basis, segment revenues decreased 10%. Segment EBITDA declined 28% to $128 million, impacted by lower revenues and a negative impact related to currency headwinds, partially offset by lower broker commissions REA adjusted segment EBITDA declined 22%. REA revenues were $240 million, down 16% on a reported basis, including a 9% negative impact from foreign exchange. Revenues were impacted by the weakness in financial services due to fewer settlements amid rising interest rates and a decline in residential revenues driven by lower new buy listings. In the quarter, Australia national residential buy listings were down 21% with Sydney and Melbourne down 34% and 31%, respectively. Those declines were partially offset by price increases in the residential and commercial businesses, higher contribution from Premier Plus and favorable depth penetration as well as continued momentum at REA India, which is scaling in both traffic and revenues. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. At Move, revenues were $146 million, down 14% compared to the prior year, with real estate revenues down 17% driven by lower lead and transaction volumes, reflective of the broader housing market challenges, unique lead volumes fell 37%, while Realtor's average monthly unique users were $66 million in the second quarter based on internal metrics. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $462 million, down 7% compared to the prior year on a reported basis due to foreign currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis, revenues rose 3% versus the prior year, the fourth consecutive quarter of growth in constant currency, underscoring the improved stability of the business. Streaming revenues accounted for 26% of circulation and subscription revenues compared to 19% in the prior year and again, more than offset broadcast revenue declines, benefiting from both volume growth and higher pricing at Kayo and BINGE, we also benefited this quarter from growth in commercial revenues as the prior year results were impacted by the pandemic-related lockdown. Total closing paid subscribers across the Foxtel Group reached over $4.3 million at quarter end, up 10% year-over-year. Total paid streaming subscribers were approximately $2.7 million, increasing 25% versus the prior year and represented 62% of Foxtel's total paid subscriber base. Kayo paying subscribers reached over $1.1 million, up 11% year-over-year, but declined sequentially from the first quarter as it exhibited typical seasonal patterns with the end of the AFL and NRL seasons in September. Given its enhanced and expanded content offerings, Foxtel has rolled out a price rise to its Kayo customers effective this month on its basic to stream tier. BINGE paying subscribers grew a robust 48% year-over-year to almost 1.4 million subscribers, benefiting from a strong release slate, which included the second season of white Lotus and carryover demand from House of the Dragon. As Robert mentioned, we are looking forward to the introduction of advertising within BINGE later this fiscal year and have begun selling launch packages. Foxtel ended the quarter with 1.4 million residential broadcast subscribers, down 10% year-over-year. Broadcast churn improved sequentially and year-over-year to 12.9% despite the migration of cable subscribers to streaming or satellite. At quarter end, less than 80,000 subscribers remained on cable as Foxtel continues to migrate subscribers from cable by fiscal year-end. Broadcast ARPU rose 2% to AUD 83. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $90 million was 5% higher versus the prior year, which reflects an 11% negative impact from foreign exchange. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 16% despite higher sports and entertainment costs. Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones posted a strong top line performance in the second quarter with revenues of $563 million, up 11% compared to the prior year. Digital revenues accounted for 76% of total revenues this quarter, up 4 percentage points from last year. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose 1%, impacted by a weaker advertising marketplace compared to the prior year. Circulation revenues grew 3%, driven by strong year-over-year volume gains, including bundled offerings with total Dow Jones digital-only subscriptions up approximately 10% to over $4.1 million. We are particularly pleased with the performance of our professional information business, which saw revenue growth accelerate from the prior quarter to 45%. PIP revenues accounted for 33% of segment revenues. The integration of OPIS and CMA are progressing in line with our expectations as the businesses benefit from the strong demand across numerous industries, including metals, carbon plastics, sustainability, biofuels and renewables, while yields continue to rise and retention remains strong. Risk and Compliance revenue growth accelerated from the prior quarter, up 13% despite a 7 percentage point negative impact from foreign currency. We saw improved growth in all regions, underpinned by a healthy new business pipeline most notably in EMEA, led by demand for screening and monitoring and financial crime search products. Retention remains strong at above 90%. Advertising revenues declined 7% to $131 million, with digital advertising revenues down 3% in the quarter and print down 13%, which was mostly due to weakness in December, with October and November reasonably stable versus the prior year.  Digital advertising accounted for 59% of total advertising revenues, which improved 3 percentage points from last year. The technology and financial categories, which are typically our 2 largest advertising categories were both impacted by the macro conditions. We saw digital advertising growth at the wallstreetjournal.com, underscoring its premium audience. However, this was more than offset by the declines at MarketWatch, which face more headwinds as its audience and advertising demand tend to be more stock market-sensitive. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter declined 3% to $139 million, reflecting a higher spending rate compared to both the prior year and first quarter, driven by costs related to the OPIS and CMA acquisitions, higher compensation costs and phasing of marketing expenses. Adjusted segment EBITDA for the quarter was down 16%. We expect cost growth to moderate in the second half, and I will provide more detail on this later in my commentary about the outlook for the upcoming quarter. At Book Publishing, while we saw some impacts from the logistic constraints at Amazon, the results were mostly hampered by significant softness in consumer demand across the industry, notably in North America. On the cost side, lower cost due to volume declines were partially offset by ongoing supply chain inventory and inflationary pressures, further contracting margins. For the quarter, revenues declined 14% to $531 million and segment EBITDA declined 52% to $51 million. The backlist represented 57% of revenues, up slightly from last year, partly driven by weaker frontlist performance with the mix being more weighted towards physical copies rather than digital, which had an adverse impact on margins. Digital sales declined 7% this quarter and accounted for 19% of consumer sales. On an adjusted basis, revenues fell 11%, and segment EBITDA declined 51%. To mitigate the recent challenges, HarperCollins has already implemented price increases and has been actively reviewing its cost structure, including the recently announced 5% company-wide headcount reduction. Turning to News Media. Revenues were $579 million, down 9%, which included a $65 million or 10% negative impact on revenues from foreign currency. Adjusted revenues rose 1%. Circulation and subscription revenues declined 7%, but were up 4% in constant currency. Growth on a constant currency basis was driven by cover price increases in the U.K. and Australia and double-digit subscriber growth across News Australia and The Times and The Sunday Times. We saw advertising conditions worsened from the prior quarter, albeit with variance across our markets. Advertising revenues were down 13%, but down 3% in constant currency. Advertising at News U.K. was down modestly in constant currency as lower print advertising revenues were partially offset by strong growth in digital advertising at -- the Sun, which has seen very strong momentum in both page views and yields from its U.S. site. Advertising trends were notably weaker in Australia and at the New York Post. During the quarter, we saw that December was the weakest month for both the U.K. and the New York Post, while in Australia, November was the most challenging with December showing modest improvements month-over-month. Segment EBITDA of $59 million declined 47%, which was driven by approximately $22 million of higher costs related to the Talk TV initiative in the U.K. and other digital investments, notably in Australia as well as nearly $21 million negative impact from higher newsprint pricing. New York Post remained a positive contributor to segment EBITDA. Adjusted segment EBITDA fell 43%. Free cash flow for the 6 months ending December 31 was lower than the prior year due to lower total segment EBITDA as well as the timing of working capital payments, which included the payment for sports rights in the second quarter. We remain focused on driving strong and positive free cash flow generation for the year. Turning to the outlook. We continue to expect a higher cost due to supply chain and inflationary pressures, advertising conditions remain challenging and visibility is limited. We expect ongoing foreign exchange headwinds, albeit at a more modest impact given recent spot rates. We remain committed to reducing costs where we can, driven by headcount reductions across our business units, prioritized marketing spending and lower discretionary costs, while balancing investment spend. Looking at each of our segments. Our digital real estate services, Australian residential new buy listings for January declined 9%. Please refer to REA for a more specific outlook commentary. At Move, we expect lead volumes to remain challenged in the near term, due to macro conditions, albeit moderating mortgage rates have led to early signs of improving trends in the housing market. In Subscription Video Services, we remain pleased with the performance of the streaming products and the ongoing focus on broadcast ARPU and churn as we continue to migrate customers off cable. We are very encouraged by the year-to-date performance and continue to expect the Foxtel Group's profitability in local currency for the full year to be relatively stable. Profitability will be skewed to the fourth quarter as we expect third quarter cost to be higher in local currency compared to the prior year given the contractual escalators and expanded content from the AFL and NRL. At Dow Jones, we remain focused on the integration of OPIS and CMA. January advertising trends were similar to December with revenues down versus the prior year, and we expect trends to remain challenged, especially given the ongoing pressures within the technology category, noting that visibility is limited as usual. As I mentioned earlier, we expect the rate of investment spending growth in the second half to be more modest than the first half rate, which should aid profitability. In Book Publishing, we are optimistic about our new release, which should help with the performance in the second half, although near-term industry trading conditions have remained challenged. At News Media, similar to the second quarter, we expect ongoing inflationary cost pressures, especially on newsprint prices, which will be balanced by targeted cost initiatives. We will continue to see incremental costs in relation to product investments, albeit at a lower rate than the second quarter. And finally, in relation to the potential sale of Move and the special committee's work on the now withdrawn proposal, we expect to see some additional onetime transaction costs in the third quarter. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kane Hannan from Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Just 2 quick ones. One, just that $0.05 head count reduction you're talking about, I mean we saw the 5% reduction for books -- do we think that's broadly consistent across the News Corp group? Or could it be more skewed to Dow Jones or NIS or some of the other segments? And then try luck, obviously seen the move and I take your comments, Susan, or how do I think about the importance of REA in the broader portfolio, if we assume that the Move -- was complete. And so some of the synergies of owning REA would diminish without the Move asset in the portfolio. So just interested, there's any comments you can make that.
Robert Thomson: Okay. First of all, the 5% reduction will be across all businesses, and it will be conducted in coming months with a view to concluding this calendar year. We expect savings of the order of at least $130 million annualized. As for REA, what I can say is that REA is a core part of our portfolio. It's a different company to Move the -- and you can do the math for what REA is worth to us in terms of market cap, which is around AUD 16.6 billion and our shares around 61.4%. Obviously, we all loan -- gratitude for his digital property. But we're very pleased with the way the business is progressing. You heard a little from Susan about the success that we're currently having in India where traffic was up 37% to 38 million uniques. And we've transferred the oversight of the India business to the REA team whether you expertise evidence and candidly, the time zones more sympathetic. So not only do we have the most successful property site in Australia. We have the largest digital property side in India. So tell me what that's worth now and what that will be worth in a decade from now. .
Operator: Our next question comes from David Karnovsky from JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky: With Book Publishing, wondering if you could quantify the Amazon impact in the quarter or maybe relative to last quarter. And then you noted a slowing consumer demand generally -- is that a function of post-pandemic behavior of the economy or just the titles that are in the market? And then Susan, any update on when you might expect some easing on the inflationary pressures there?
Robert Thomson: Well, first of all, it's difficult to specifically identify or quantify the Amazon effect, I wasn't to say that it's real. And you can see from the fact that there was a 14% decline in revenues and will segment EBITDA fell 52%, that the impact of inflation generally was profound. But let's be very clear, this is not the new normal. The relatively large EBITDA fall shows inflation, which over the past year, has risen significantly had an impact. And it was because of the mix of titles, you've probably heard that physical was around 81% of the business in the most recent quarter. In the past, years, digital has been as much as 24% or 25%. So -- and the physical is obviously more impacted by inflationary pressures given paper, printing and distribution. Susan? 
Susan Panuccio: David, just in relation to Amazon, just to add a couple of points on that. One, we did see a slightly lower impact in Q2 than what we did in Q1. And actually, in January, we have seen Amazon sort of patterns return to relatively normal levels, albeit that is predicated on macro conditions going forward. Just in relation to inflation, unfortunately, I think we expect those inflationary impacts to continue through the balance of this fiscal year, which is one of the reasons that we've implemented the headcount reductions that we've talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research.
Michael Florin: Craig.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Craig Huber: Two questions if I could real quick. If you can hear me, in your equity investment line, you had like a $29 million loss there. Can you explain that, if you would, please, is that -- is there sort of recurring here for next few quarters? And separate from that, I want to ask you, CMA and the OPIS acquisitions, what was the organic revenue growth there if you had owned it in both periods, please, in the quarter?
Susan Panuccio: Craig, I'll just -- I'll take these. So the first question in relation to the equity losses, we've actually got a small investment in a wagering platform down in Australia, the sub USD 50 million investment, and the quarter reflects some start-up losses in relation to that venture. I think importantly, we don't expect that equity loss reflected in Q2 to the run rate going forward? And then just in relation to OPIS and CMA, we don't break out the run rate for that going forward. But you can see from the adjusted revenues was up 1%, and you can see the impact of what the reported numbers were.
Operator: And then our next question comes from Entcho Raykovski from Credit Suisse.
Entcho Raykovski: Susan. Just one very quick clarification around the 5% head count reduction and I'd appreciate that must be a difficult decision. Presumably, that only applies to the wholly owned assets and not REA. And then just secondly, I appreciate you're not talking about the sale move specifically. But assuming it was to go ahead, how do you think about the use of the proceeds, given they could be reasonably material. Are you thinking about reinvestment? Or are you thinking about further returns to shareholders?
Robert Thomson: And sure, obviously, REA is a separate listed company, but I think I can assure you that they are very much focused on cost reduction in the present climate and you'll be able to hear more from the REA team a little later. Look, I can only speak generally about capital allocation. We're constantly reviewing our capital allocation policies. As I said earlier, we're committed to our $1 billion buyback to our dividend program. And obviously, we're going to consider further measures given the potential proceeds of the Move deal and the savings inherent in the cost-cutting program we've announced today. But we'll also be opportunistic on investment as OPIS and CMA providential proved and we'll seek to share those profits that providence with shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Gould from Loop Capital.
Alan Gould: Yes. I've got two, please. Robert, we're seeing the U.S. streaming companies sort of get religion and now looking for profits as opposed to just growth. How does that impact Foxtel? I know Foxtel had gotten a lot of its content from HBO and some of the other U.S. companies. So does it now appear that, that content will stay on Foxtel as opposed to those companies that are starting their own streaming areas? And secondly, you talked about 1 of your policies being simplification. Obviously, selling move would help for simplification, but are there any other simplification moves we're seeing?
Robert Thomson: Well, first of all, I think we've spoken on past calls about the prospect of Imperial overstretch among some of the U.S. entertainment companies. I think that prognostication is indeed coming to pass. And it also shows you the value of the Foxtel platform. It's of itself clearly a success story, not only for our company or for Australia, but globally. They've got the streaming mix right they've secured the sports rights long term truly matter to viewers and not only one sport in one region, but across sports and regions. And looking here from New York Foxtel genuinely being transformed by much toil and sustained sagacity and it has evolved from what you might call euphemistically, a complicated situation to a genuine opportunity, and we will be opportunistic with that opportunity.
Alan Gould: And then the question on. Simplification. .
Robert Thomson: As for simplification, look, simplification and transparency, obviously important, as you can see by how the company is involved in recent years. We've broken out the Data Jones numbers, which shed some light, not only on its potential and potency, but on the situation of and revival of News Media, as you know, the New York Post was profitable last year and will be likely to be profitable again this year, and that profitability should increase over time. And -- you know that in that sector, we've sold News America Marketing, which became more peripheral over time given the changes in that sector. The peripheral is we're not the integral. But simplification does not mean reductio ad observers. And it does mean focusing on core growth engines which is why we've invested in the professional information business at Dow Jones and the fruits of that investment already obvious, even in difficult trading conditions overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Han from Morningstar.
Brian Han: Robert, you mentioned making price adjustments were necessary. Where do you see the priority divisions for such adjustments from this point onwards?
Susan Panuccio: Maybe I can take that, Brian. I mean, look, I think we've all -- we've got opportunities in each of our segments. We take cover price increases as it pertains to the mastheads across news media, the journal, we're constantly having we get our yields on advertising to see what we can do to maximize those. As I've mentioned in my commentary, we've just recently announced is at Kayo that goes to the strength of the product down there. We had a price rise on BINGE not so long ago. And we've also been having a look at price rises across. So actually, we have a lot of pricing power and we think about our different segments, and we really just assess the market conditions as we work our way through what's appropriate.
Operator: Next question comes from Johnny Huynh from Evans & Partners.
Johnny Huynh: I just wanted to ask on the interest in the advertising per and being so far. Like I know Netflix had some issues launching in Australia. We've done two high demand, but not enough audience. So I just wanted to see your thoughts on any strategies around this as well.
Susan Panuccio: Look, I think we're just doing a soft launch in relation to the ad tier down in Foxtel. It hasn't yet launched. So we haven't got any learnings from that, and we just expect a modest uptick in the current financial year as a consequence of that launching later in the fiscal year. So we'll have more learnings from that once we've got it out in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Lung from Macquarie.
Darren Leung: I just wanted to ask quickly, in the release, it indicates some in relation to Realtor or Move that as part of the transaction is to create shareholder value and strengthen Realtor’s competitive position. So I appreciate not talking about the transaction as such. But can you give us an idea as to what strengthened competitive position looks like, please?
Robert Thomson: Look, sorry, Darren, to be so circumspect, but we really can't say any more about the discussion so you'll have to stay tuned. You can presume that we are very much focused on shareholder value and we would have an ongoing role in value creation. Those are imperatives and always been the imperative of News Corporation. I have to say in passing, and we have much respect to CoStar as a company, its leadership, what they've created, what they could trade what they could do for competition in a very competitive digital real estate market here and frankly, how we could partner with.
Susan Panuccio: And look, I think I'd also add that it is important for us if and when we complete any sale, what actually goes to an owner where we believe we'll continue to invest and grow that business going forward. I think that's important for any assets that we look to sell. .
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. So I'll hand back to Michael Florin for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Great. Well, thank you, Leyla and thank you all for participating. We look forward to talking to you soon. Have a wonderful day to talk to you soon. Bye.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-11-08 15:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to News Corp’s First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be allowed on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello everyone and welcome to News Corp.'s fiscal first quarter 2023 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp.'s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp.'s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as Total Segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. While the macro environment is potently more volatile, we believe the resilient foundations of the reincarnated News Corp. give us a platform for sustained growth and increased profitability. That clearly is evident in our revenue performance this quarter. While revenues were down 1% to $2.5 billion, that decline was obviously a consequence of foreign currency fluctuations. On an adjusted basis, our revenues grew a healthy 3%, building on the robust results from last year. Profitability for the quarter was $350 million down 15%. Although that reflects the Forex headwinds and a reset by Amazon of its book inventory levels and warehouse footprint. We view neither factors reflective of core business conditions or of our long term potential. Our results follow two successive years of record profits at News Corp. It is important to keep that unprecedented success in mind, especially as we encounter what we expect to be ephemeral challenges. Our company has changed the digital terms of trade and we expect the current situation to be transitory. We see positive prospects across all our segments and our mix of revenues and geographies is obviously advantageous in a complicated, perplexing world. Turning first to Dow Jones. Q1 was the best first quarter on record since acquisition for revenue, profitably and margin, affirming the wisdom of our acquisition of OPIS and CMA, which have bolstered the Dow Jones Professional Information business. Revenues grew a resounding 16% and advertising was up 4%, which compares rather favorably to a number of competitors. In particular, digital advertising at Dow Jones rose 11%, a noteworthy achievement in this complex environment. In fact, Q1 represents the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year digital ad growth at Dow Jones. In the past year, Dow Jones added 473,000 digital-only subscriptions, and as of the end of Q1, 83% of subscriptions at Dow Jones were digital-only. At the Wall Street Journal, despite the tough market, paid digital subscriptions increased by over 350,000 year-over-year. During the quarter Investor’s Business Daily launched a paid newsletter MarketDiem to attract younger investors and commissioned an options information app that will present new analytics for options trading, a complex but potentially lucrative sector. With its panoply of premium products, Dow Jones has renewed focus on bundling our premium content, including the Wall Street Journal, Market Watch, and Barron's. These valuable combinations have already exceeded 200,000 subscriptions and we have begun to roll out a bundle featuring WSJ, Barron's and IBD. Revenues at the professional information business rose 40% year-over-year. We continue to clearly see the benefit of risk and compliance in an environment of intensifying scrutiny by regulators who are insisting that companies minimize risk and maximize compliance. The integration of OPIS and CMA has been proceeding successfully and they joined a burgeoning Dow Jones data and intelligence business providing an impressive $52 million in combined revenues in Q1 and contributing materially to profitability this quarter. OPIS and CMA continue to leverage their proprietary data and analytics with new offerings including carbon indices and are assisting companies in making sense of the dynamic market for carbon offsets. Overall, we are delighted with the tangible progress in our professional information business, which is providing an increasing flow of high yield, low churn digital clients. At digital real estate services this quarter, we saw resiliency even though housing market conditions have potently become more volatile, especially in the US. REA Group achieved substantial revenue growth in constant currency on the back of higher pricing, increased penetration of its new premier plus enhancement and strong listing value, while maintaining its more than threefold lead in traffic over the competition. There was also notable audience and revenue growth at REA India, which further consolidated its position as a number one property portal in that massive and growing market. At Move, operator of realtor.com revenues were down 6% reflecting relatively similar trends to the fourth quarter. Realtor's unique users have risen 21% since the first quarter of financial '20, thanks to product enhancements and increased marketing. To position and equip the business to take full advantage of the inevitable upswing in the market, we are expanding our offerings in rentals and in developing sell side expertise, which we expect will drive profits far into the future. Realtor is also taking decisive steps to streamline and optimize the business while enhancing reinvestment capacity and capitalizing on long-term growth opportunities. Our focus on seller leads, which are the source of most revenue in the Australian market, is building on our recently acquired UpNest. The UpNest experience has been integrated into key seller placements across the site, providing sellers the ability to get proposals from multiple agents and offering consumers significantly more choice. Meanwhile, even in a challenging housing environment with higher mortgage rates, tight inventory and inflation, home prices have remained elevated and we note that active listings at Realtor improved by 29% in the quarter compared to the prior year period. Realtor remains focused on the long-term opportunities in what is an estimated $200 billion addressable market. As mentioned earlier, the Amazon reset affected many publishers in Q1 including HarperCollins. This reset relates to Amazon's decision to reduce inventory levels and shutter warehouses and accounted for almost the entirety of HarperCollins revenue contraction and the vast majority of its profit decline this quarter. Notably, consumer appetite which expanded during the pandemic continued to be robust and provides us with increasing confidence going forward, and we are absolutely focused on cost control at HarperCollins and the imperative to improve margins in these challenging conditions. Key front list titles in the quarter included Portrait of an Unknown Woman by Daniel Silva, Live Wire by Kelly Ripa and Breaking History by Jared Kushner. We are prospering from our global ownership rights to the Lord of the Rings trilogy, given the popularity of the Amazon series and we are looking forward to the release of The Stories We Tell by Joanna Gaines and Colleen Hoover's next work. Finally, we note that HarperCollins Focus last month acquired Cider Mill Press Book Publishers, an independent publisher of quality gift books. Cider Mill specialize in cooking, wine and spirits and humor books and includes Applesauce Press, a children's brand. Its deep back list should provide an ongoing source of incremental revenue. At subscription video services Foxtel had another strong quarter. Streaming subscriber penetration continues to expand and costs have been thoughtfully controlled. Foxtel has recently renewed or signed valuable long-term sports rights and content agreements including the IFL, WWE and NBC Universal. We have obvious optionality at Foxtel where the conversation is no longer about how much capital we plan to invest, but the potential for capital return. Foxtel streaming services attained 2.8 million paying subscribers as of the end of September, surging 34% versus the prior year, and accounting for 63% of the total paying subscriber base. Kayo and BINGE added nearly three quarters of a million paying subscribers in the past year alone underscoring the potential of Foxtel in a still expanding Australian market. Foxtel Group delivered record audiences for the recent IFL and NRL finals. Meanwhile, Motorsport, the Rugby League World Cup and T-20 World Cup Cricket are bolstering subscriber loyalty as we near the spring selling season. The News Media segment experienced a revenue decline of 4%, though it rose a healthy 6% on an adjusted basis when taking into account Forex fluctuations and other items. In constant currency, we saw healthy growth in advertising, circulation and subscription revenues. At News Corp Australia, circulation revenues improved in constant currency and digital subscriptions exceeded the one million mark for the first time up 13% year-over-year. News.com.au asserted its leadership in the free media environment with an audience of 13 million in the month of September. Meanwhile, the New York Post continued to improve profitability, thanks in part to a strong increase in digital advertising revenues. The Post digital network also flexed its muscles with a 24% increase in page views reaching an average of 129 million per week in Q1 and 151 million average monthly uniques in September. At News UK, The Sun’s digital advertising exceeded print for the fourth consecutive quarter and accelerated its growth and we're delighted by the success of the sun.com, which continued to increase its already sizeable audience, particularly in the United States. And The Times Sunday Times also saw a 23% increase in digital paid subscriptions reaching 468,000 marking its second best ever quarter of digital growth. News Broadcasting, the new name for the radio and television brands of News UK reported an increase in both reach and listening hours according to the latest RAJAR’s report. Talk Sport reached 2.9 million listeners who tuned in for more than 18 million hours up 10% quarter-on-quarter, and we expect the imminent World Cup to be a source of audiences and of advertising. News Corp is building on a base that has grown stronger, more global, and more digital in recent years. We have seen record profitability in each of the last two fiscal years. By many key measures, our resounding progress has continued. Digital advertising on the rise, streaming surging and subscriptions soaring. Despite the macroeconomic uncertainty, having streamlined and digitized our businesses and reached substantial agreements with the big tech platforms to compensate us for our premium journalism, we are better equipped to generate increasing value to our investors and our strong cash position means that we have been able to return capital to shareholders and invest thoughtfully in future growth while honoring our proud provenance. One last point. As announced last month following the receipt of letters from Rupert Murdoch and the Murdoch Family Trust, the News Corp Board of Directors has formed a special committee of independent Board members to begin exploring a potential combination with Fox Corporation. There can be no certainty that the company will engage in such a transaction. We do not intend to comment further at this time, and for that reason, we will not be taking questions on this topic today. We are of course happy to answer your questions about the performance of and prospects for our business, particularly as it relates to the first quarter of this fiscal year. As always, we thank our investors for their faith and confidence in us and all our employees, advertisers, readers and audiences for their valuable contributions and enduring support. Now I turn to Susan to expound and expand on these results.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. We have entered fiscal 2023 with a different macro environment, including volatility in foreign currency impacting our headline results from our Australian and UK businesses. Throughout fiscal 2022, we successfully navigated the company to be in a position of strength, guided by our ongoing cost transformation work, which we have balanced with investment and innovation to drive digital expansion. The first quarter of fiscal 2023 presented some challenges, particularly at HarperCollins, but most of the businesses performed well in constant currency and suffice to say that News Corp remains well positioned given the strength of our asset mix, healthy balance sheet, and the continued diversification of our revenue base. First quarter total revenues were approximately $2.5 billion down 1%, which included a $153 million or 6% negative impact from foreign currency headwinds. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions and divestitures, first quarter adjusted revenues grew 3% compared to the prior year. Total segment EBITDA was $350 million down 15% compared to the prior year, which saw a record profit with 53% growth. That being said, total segment EBITDA this quarter was still up 31% over fiscal 2021, underscoring the material changes in recent years. Also noteworthy is that the majority of the profit decline this quarter was driven by lower sales from Amazon due to the reset of its inventory levels and the right sizing of its warehouse footprint, as well as foreign currency fluctuations, neither of which we believe are reflective of underlying performance. Adjusted EBITDA declined 13% versus the prior year period. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.07 compared to $0.33 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.12 in the quarter compared to $0.23 in the prior year. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments, starting with digital real estate services, segment revenues were $421 million down 1% compared to the prior year. The results include a negative impact of $20 million or 5% from foreign currency fluctuations. On an adjusted basis, segment revenues increased 3%. Segment EBITDA declined 14% to $119 million impacted by higher employee costs and increased marketing costs driven by strategic investment activities of both Move and REA together with negative impact related to currency headwinds. The increasing investment costs at Move was due to the expansion into adjacencies including seller leads, rentals and new homes as we focus on the longer term opportunity. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 7%. Move's revenues were $169 million, down 6%, following 30% growth in the prior year period. For the quarter, real estate revenues fell 9% driven by lower lead and transaction volumes, reflective of the broader industry trends. Consumer affordability constraints impacted unique lead volumes, which declined 32% in the quarter, although that was a slight improvement from the fourth quarter rate. Those trends were partially offset by price optimization within the traditional lead gen business, higher sell-through of our hybrid offering, market VIP, home price appreciation and continued advertising gains. We also had revenue growth from our adjacencies, including the acquisition of UpNest albeit these revenue streams are still in the early stages of development. Referral offerings accounted for approximately 30% of total revenues, down from 32% last year, impacted by lower transaction volumes, partially offset by higher home prices. Based on our internal metrics, Realtor’s average monthly unique users were 86 million in the first quarter. REA had another strong quarter, with revenues rising 2% year-on-year on a reported basis to $252 million, which included a $20 million or 9% negative impact from foreign exchange. Growth was driven by price increases, contribution from Premier Plus, favorable debt penetration and product mix and growth in national [listings] (ph), partially offset by a modest decline in financial services revenues due to lower settlement activity. Overall, new buy listings rose 5% with Sydney and Melbourne up 5% and 12% respectively. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $502 million, down approximately 2% compared to the prior year on a reported basis due to foreign currency headwinds. Importantly, on an adjusted basis, revenues rose 6% versus the prior year, accelerating from the prior quarter rate of 4% growth. Streaming revenues accounted for 25% of circulation and subscription revenues versus 19% in the prior year and again, more than offset broadcast revenue declines. Total closing paid subscribers across Foxtel Group reached almost 4.5 million at quarter end, up 16% year-over-year with the growth rate improving 3 percentage points from the fourth quarter. Total subscribers, including triallers reached over 4.6 million. Total paid stream subscribers reached over 2.8 million, increasing 34% versus the prior year and adding 117,000 sequentially with streaming subscribers now representing 63% of Foxtel's total paid subscriber base. Kayo paying subscribers reached almost 1.3 million, up nearly 19% year-over-year, slightly down from the fourth quarter levels due to typical seasonal patterns with the end of the AFL and NRL seasons in September. BINGE paying subscribers grew a robust 67% year-over-year to over 1.3 million subscribers benefiting from the release of the House of the Dragon and the popularity of the Foxtel Original series, The 12. Foxtel ended the quarter with over 1.4 million residential broadcast subscribers, down 10% year-over-year, similar to the fourth quarter rate. Broadcast churn was 14.2% compared to 14% in the prior year, partly reflecting the acceleration of migrating subscribers of cable. Broadcast ARPU rose over 1% to approximately AUD 83. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $111 million fell 3% versus the prior year, significantly impacted by currency, with adjusted segment EBITDA increasing 5%. Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones continued to post strong performance in the first quarter with revenues of $515 million, up 16% compared to the prior year, with digital revenues accounting for 79% of total revenues this quarter, up 4 percentage points from last year. Results included a full quarter from both the OPIS and Chemical Market Analytics acquisitions. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose approximately 6%. Circulation revenue grew 5%, driven by strong year-over-year volume gains with The Wall Street Journal digital-only subscriptions, up 13% to over 3.1 million and total Dow Jones digital-only subscriptions also up 13%. Professional information business revenues rose 40% and accounted for approximately 35% of segment revenues driven by the acquisitions of OPIS and CMA. Revenues from the acquisitions are progressing in line with our expectations as the businesses benefited from strong demand across numerous industries, including metals, carbon, plastics, sustainability, biofuels and renewables while yields continue to rise and retention remains strong. Risk and Compliance revenues grew 6%, although currency had a 10 percentage point negative impact on revenue growth given the business' higher exposure to Europe and APAC. Advertising revenues grew a healthy 4% to $94 million despite lapping 29% growth in the prior year. Digital advertising revenues rose 11% in the quarter as we continue to see very strong yield improvement and saw growth in all categories, especially in B2B this quarter. Digital advertising accounted for approximately 65% of total advertising revenues, which improved 4 percentage points from last year. Print advertising revenues were down 6%. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 19% to $113 million as margins continued to improve with 50 basis points expansion year-over-year to nearly 22%, helped by the inclusion of OPIS and CMA. Adjusted segment EBITDA for the quarter was down 1%, reflecting higher employee costs. At Book Publishing, as we flagged during the quarter, results were materially hampered by Amazon's reset of inventory levels and rightsizing of its warehouse footprint resulting in significantly lower orders and higher returns. Supply chain pressures continue to impact freight and manufacturing costs but are showing some signs of easing from recent quarters. As it relates to Amazon, we have not seen similar inventory level adjustments from other book distributors or retailers. And as Robert noted, consumer demand has remained healthy, and consumer sales data remained consistent with prior quarters. For the quarter, revenues declined 11% to $487 million and segment EBITDA declined 54% to $39 million. We estimate Amazon accounted for almost the entire year-over-year revenue decline and the majority of the year-over-year segment EBITDA shortfall. Our backlist contributed 65% of revenues, up slightly from last year, benefiting from the demand of Tolkien titles helped by the premier of the Rings of Power on Amazon. Digital sales rose 1% this quarter and accounted for 23% of consumer sales. On an adjusted basis, revenues fell 7% and segment EBITDA declined 51%. Turning to News Media. We continue to see relatively strong advertising trends, particularly at News Australia. Revenues were $553 million, down 4% versus the prior year, largely due to currency, which had a $62 million or 11% negative impact on revenues. Importantly, despite macro uncertainty, adjusted revenues for the segment increased a healthy 6% compared to the prior year due to strength in circulation and subscription and advertising revenues in constant currency. Circulation and subscription revenues declined 6%, but that included a 12% or $32 million negative impact from currency fluctuations. Growth in constant currency was driven by cover price increases in the U.K. and Australia and increase in content licensing revenues and double-digit subscriber gains across News Australia and The Times and The Sunday Times. Advertising revenues declined 4% compared to the prior year, which included a 9% or $22 million negative impact from currency fluctuations. Growth in constant currency was driven by an increase in digital advertising revenues, primarily at The Sun where digital revenue yet again eclipsed print revenue, while Australia benefited from strong print preperformance led by a recovery in retail and travel, which were impacted by the lockdowns in the prior year. The New York Post also posted strong digital gains. Segment EBITDA of $18 million declined 47%, driven by over $20 million of higher costs related to Talk TV and other digital investments, together with higher newsprint production and distribution costs across the businesses, which are being impacted by the current inflationary and supply chain challenges. Adjusted segment EBITDA fell 44%. Before we look at the outlook for the next quarter, I would like to touch on free cash flow. First quarter free cash flow is typically lower due to the timing of working capital payments, and we remain focused on driving strong and positive free cash flow generation for the year. Turning to the upcoming quarter. We continue to expect higher costs due to supply chain and inflationary pressures. Advertising conditions and mix and visibility remains limited across the businesses. We also expect ongoing foreign exchange headwinds, given the current spot rate for the Australian dollar and pound sterling compared to the prior year. Looking at each of our segments. At Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential new buy listings for October declined 18% as we lapped tougher prior year comparisons. Please refer to REA for more specific outlook commentary. At Move, we expect lead and transaction volumes will be challenged in the short term, and we will continue to take steps to mitigate those pressures while balancing ongoing investments with cost discipline. In Subscription Video Services, we remain pleased with the performance of the streaming products and the ongoing focus of broadcast ARPU and churn as we continue to migrate customers from cable to streaming. At Dow Jones, we remain focused on the integration of OPIS and CMA. Advertising visibility remains short term. However, we are expecting a more challenging second quarter. We also expect the rate of investment in the second quarter to be higher than the prior year as we continue to focus on driving consumer subscription and enhancing our PIB offerings. In book publishing supply chain and inflationary pressures continue to persist, albeit are showing signs of easing. We still expect headwinds from Amazon in the second quarter, although with strong customer demand, we expect any issues to be short term in nature. At News Media, like the first quarter, we expect incremental costs in relation to product investments across the businesses, including top TV and other digital initiatives, together with ongoing inflationary pressures, including newsprint prices. Before we open for questions, I would like to remind everyone that we will not be addressing any questions related to the special committee and/or a potential combination with FOX Corporation, as Robert stated earlier. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Kane Hannan from Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Maybe just on the book publishing side of things. Helpful comments there at the end around Amazon and the broader inflationary pressures. Just give us a sense of, I suppose, the margin decline in the first quarter, some 50 basis points and what you'd attribute to Amazon's impact and what you'd attribute to, I suppose, the inflationary side of things that is probably going to continue for the rest of the year? And then just as a second sort of quick follow-on. Just talk about how you're thinking about M&A in the book publishing space and whether you think Harper would have any of the regulatory pushback that Penguin Random House had with their proposed acquisition?
Robert Thomson: Ken, look, clearly, the supply chain is a factor. But as for Amazon, it's fair to say, it's ephemeral, not eternal, but meaningful in the first quarter. The combination of both inventory adjustment and warehouse closures clearly created logistic issues, which we trust Amazon will resolve relatively soon. But the demand for books is undiminished, and we certainly have some alluring titles looming including Joanna Gaines and Colleen Hoover. So -- and in the meantime, Brian Murray and his team are resolutely focused on cost control and necessarily improving margins. As for Simon & Schuster, look, clearly, there is much more work ahead for the lawyers at both companies. The legal documents must already run to many volumes themselves. But it is appropriate that the judge rule that the proposed merger would create a book behemoth, literally a leviathan, a titan of terms that would wield disproportionate weight in the industry. For ourselves, we're absolutely resolutely focused on building the HarperCollins business and continuing the integration of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
Susan Panuccio: And Ken, maybe just to frame the Amazon impact. The majority of the EBITDA decrease was due to Amazon. We had hopes that it will be limited to Q1, but we are expecting to see some impacts coming into the second quarter. But all things being while we expect the second half to pick back up. And the inflationary impacts have been coming down actually. We are seeing it slightly offset by volume, but we can hopefully again, expect to see those subside a little bit in the second half.
Operator: Next question comes from David Karnovsky from JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky: Robert, on Wall Street Journal digital subscribers. Can you talk to the trends there for the prior 2 quarters? I think you mentioned a tough market. I wanted to see how you view factors like new cycle or economy? And then Dow Jones digital ads grew strongly in the quarter. Is that sort of disassociated to the macro or would you expect some impact to the demand eventually?
Robert Thomson: Second part of the question was a little unclear but on digital subs, they were up 13% for both Dow Jones and the Wall Street Journal. Our total subs were up 8% at Dow Jones, 4.9 million and the WSJ, that's 3.8 million. What we're seeing with Dow Jones generally is that we're able to take advantage of a massive audience, which is 116 million monthly uniques and then gradually push people up for the hierarchy of premium products at a premium price. And clearly, as we've taken on more professional information content, the ability to take advantage of that opportunity is realized. And secondly, we believe in vertical bundling. So for example, MarketWatch and WSJ, WSJ and IBD, IBD and Barron's not what you might call horizontal bundling which other companies in indulge in. And there's no doubt that you'll see, over the next 6 months, the virtue of those bundles that Dow Jones has just begun marketing. So we'll be able to update you in succeeding quarters, but we have no doubt that the strategy is a wise one.
Susan Panuccio: And David, look, I think on the advertising. We didn't quite catch what the question was, but we actually been really pleased with the performance of advertising in Dow Jones, they have been growing advertising quarter-on-quarter for quite a few quarters now, which has been really pleasing and actually have surpassed our expectations as to how well they've been doing. I did say in my comments that we were expecting it to be a little bit more challenged come Q2. Q2 is one of the biggest advertising quarters across our markets, but it's still pretty early days, and we'll see how that pans out. So we do expect it to be a little bit more challenged in the second quarter against tougher comps.
Operator: Next question is from Darren Leung from Macquarie.
Darren Leung: Just a quick one about the BINGE subscriber growth. So it's up quarter-on-quarter. Any feel for how much was driven by House of the Dragon versus potential [Indiscernible] from cost conscious consumers, and maybe another way to frame that is did the trend pace increase?
Robert Thomson: We are very pleased with the subscription performance at BINGE. And frankly, at Kayo both have around 1.3 million subscribers now. And what we're seeing is very uplifting in the sense that even though the streaming subscription has increased notably, in fact, up 35%. while broadcast ARPU is actually higher. So we're not seeing the feared cannibalization. And what it has done with Foxtel, it's given us optionality, which is a tribute to the toil of Patrick, [Siobhan] (ph) and the team in Australia, we've secured long-term rights, the most watched sports and entertainment in Australia, and they have been working relentlessly to improve the customer experience. And the focus not only on what the customer watches, but how they watch and that's why the churn performance has been so good.
Operator: And next question is from Brian Han from Morningstar.
Brian Han: Just a quick one. In digital real estate, can you please confirm that News Corp is still investing in those adjacencies and seller lead businesses in the U.S. Or is cost cutting the main thing now for the division?
Robert Thomson: Brian, very much so because we see a bright long-term future for Realtor. And that's why we are indeed investing. We're rightly cost-conscious. But whether it's rentals, whether it's the sell side as well as the buyer side, we're continuing to invest in products because there is absolutely no doubt about the long-term opportunity that digital real estate presents in the United States.
Susan Panuccio: And Brian, just to add to that, our actual core operating expenses at Realtor are flat in the core business year-on-year and actually the increase that we've seen in costs year-on-year are due to those 3 adjacencies in the investment [Indiscernible].
Operator: Next question is from [Jonny Hein from Emerson Partners] (ph).
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to ask about BINGE again and then specifically on the ad [Indiscernible]. Can you talk about expectations on ARPU and then also the demand from advertisers as well?
Robert Thomson: Well, generally, we're very pleased with the BINGE performance. Bringing in advertising gives us another layer of revenue potential and I have no doubt that as the team does its modeling of that potential that we'll be able to update you in coming quarters as it's unfurled to the market.
Susan Panuccio: And Johnny, just to add to that. So I think there's been a couple of questions just in relation to the pricing. We've been really pleased actually with how customers have been retained for BINGE and the price-rise that's been put through. So we've been very, very pleased with that. And as Robert said, we're expecting strong performance across BINGE with the content that we've got and the work that, that business has been doing down there.
Operator: There are no further questions from the line.
Mike Florin: Great. Well, thank you, Tatiana. Thank you all for participating. Have a great day, and we will talk to you soon. Take care.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-08-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp's Fiscal 2022 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Sarah. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com.  On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community.  This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information.  Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as Total Segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release for the applicable periods posted on our website.  With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. The overuse of superlatives really is unbecoming. But the past quarter and the full year have created so many unprecedented records that reflect well on all of News Corp, and we believe have created a platform for future performance and enduring returns for our investors. These accomplishments, which necessarily demand the use of superlatives, follow intense digital transformation by the businesses and focused acquisitions that we expect will provide increased revenue and healthy profits far into the future.  Profitability for the full year rose 31% to a record $1.67 billion, and that followed a 26% surge in the previous year, which itself was a record. Revenues rose a robust 11% despite incipient economic uncertainty and unfavorable ForEx fluctuations that outweighed the benefit of an extra week. In total, the favorable results were reflected in our reported EPS of $1.05, compared to $0.56 in the prior year.  It is worth noting that we saw enhanced success in each and every business segment last year, and we are confident of our prospects in fiscal 2023. Our core pillars, Dow Jones, Digital Real Estate Services and Book Publishing, all notched record results that exceeded the sterling performance of the previous fiscal year when new benchmarks were set across most of the company. And it's worth noting that our net cash from operating activities was a record $1.35 billion, topping the previous year's record of $1.24 billion. That extra cash has enabled us to return capital to shareholders and to be pointedly poised for opportunistic investments of the kind that have already transformed the Dow Jones business, making it more digital, more premium and more profitable.  The successful journey of our media properties is unlike any in the world, as has been the principal pursuit of change in terms of trade with the big digital players. We believe the profoundly positive commercial and social impact of those changes will be felt for many years to come. None of that would have been possible without a strong corporate culture created by and curated by Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch, the support of an engaged enlightened Board and passionate, committed and creative employees around the world.  So we have a steady balance sheet, potent cash generation, profitable and growing businesses and the resources to take advantage of emerging opportunities. That muscularity was also reflected in the past year by the termination of our shareholder rights plan, or as it is referred to colloquially, the poison pill. Over the past 8 years, our reported revenue has grown by $1.8 billion, even though our advertising revenue, print newspaper dependent as it was, declined by $2.2 billion. That is a $4 billion swing. Over the same period, our total segment EBITDA has more than doubled, and our free cash flow available has increased by over 80%. Dow  Jones has prospered, more than doubling its segment EBITDA to $433 million in just the past 3 years. Our faith in its prospects has been shown by the acquisitions of Investor's Business Daily, OPIS and Base Chemicals, all of which we expect will contribute to revenue and profitability in the years ahead. Meanwhile, Digital Real Estate Services has expanded rapidly from 5% of our revenues in 2014 to 17% in fiscal '22. To be precise, we have seen growth in every quarter of this past year despite the recent increases in interest rates and the home supply challenges. We are confident that digital runway for real estate is long and lucrative.  It is certainly worth recognizing that News Corp's profits have expanded prodigiously compared to 8 years ago, rising from a reported $770 million in total segment EBITDA to nearly $1.7 billion this year. Our teams have made this successful journey despite the upheaval in the advertising market, despite the significant challenges to print media and despite the pandemic. We are more digital, more mobile, more global, acutely cost conscious and astutely tracking trends, in the quest for more revenues, increased profitability and enhanced returns for our investors.  To be specific about the segments, Dow Jones is already seeing the tangible benefits of OPIS and Base Chemicals, which we have rebranded Chemical Market Analytics, or CMA, to the -- These 2 businesses complement each other, and they certainly complement Dow Jones. We were fortunate to acquire them at a favorable price as their sale was required by regulators for approval of the S&P Global-IHS Markit merger. We thank those companies and the regulators for the opportunity bequest to us.  Not only are OPIS and CMA is starting to benefit us financially, but they have contributed to the depth and breadth of Dow Jones' overall expertise in commodities, in traditional fuel sources, in essential chemical products and in renewables and more. The analysis and analytics fit perfectly into our professional information business, where we have seen sustained growth, particularly from risk and compliance, which reported an 18% surge in full year annual revenues, with the fourth quarter seeing another double-digit increase. That means we have reported 28, that is correct, 28 successive quarters of double-digit growth.  Advertising at Dow Jones remained strong in the fourth quarter and was a significant contributor to the segment throughout the year. Total advertising at Dow Jones achieved year-over-year growth of 20% for the full year, the highest on record. Dow Jones also made progress in expanding its high-yielding subscriber base, which rose 9% to almost 4.9 million, including over 4 million digital-only subscribers. As a point of comparison, digital advertising at Dow Jones rose 16% in the most recent quarter, while it shrank, it contracted, it diminished at the New York Times. In what was a resounding performance for News Corp, Dow Jones really is worthy of note. Dow Jones profitability saw 54% in the quarter to $106 million. And as noted earlier, for the year, segment EBITDA was $433 million, up 30%, while revenues rose to over $2 billion, an 18% increase.  The imperative at Dow Jones is to provide a premium service and premium value to a premium audience and is remembering that this is a premium audience at scale, with more than 100 million visitors each month to Dow Jones sites and thousands of the world's largest companies as enterprise clients. Our task, our opportunity is to offer more of the information, the intelligence demanded by discerning professionals. These are fertile fields for the future.  At Digital Real Estate Services, revenues for the full year surged 25% to more than $1.7 billion, while segment EBITDA grew 12% to $574 million as we continue to build brands and products for future success. In Australia, REA continued its expansion into intelligent adjacencies, most notably with the Mortgage Choice acquisition, and residential listing volume improved by 11% in fiscal '22 to the highest level since 2016. We also now have the #1 digital property company in India in terms of audience share with Housing.com expanding its lead in an expanding market. Monthly visitors rose in June by 52% to $15.7 million.  In the U.S., Move, operator of realtor.com, reported revenue growth for the year of 11% while we invested in expanding our expertise in rentals and acquired uplist, an agent marketplace that focuses on monetizing seller leads. The broader thing is that we see a confluence of trends in the U.S. and Australian marketplaces. The U.S. market has traditionally derived revenue from buyer leads, but the future will bring opportunity to harvest seller revenue, which is the basis for REA's emphatic success in Australia.  As for the U.S. housing market, obviously, the hiking of interest rates has influenced market trends. For example, mortgage refinancing has imploded, which plays to our strength as a source of mortgage origination leads, which mortgage companies were ignoring somewhat because it was easier to refinance an existing an own customer. The rate of price increases that put homes out of reach is generally expected to continue to decline, and inventories have at last started to improve, with active inventory in June up 19% year-over-year according to Realtor.com. News Media, which in recent years has faced severe challenges, did particularly well, both in Q4 and throughout the fiscal year. To be precise, News Media was the single largest contributor to profit improvement across the company this fiscal year. Let's be candid. This spectacular result came as many other newspaper companies around the world struggled and is a true tribute to the efforts of our executives and teams in Australia, the U.K. and the U.S.  In fiscal 2022, revenues were up 10%, and the segment delivered $217 million of segment EBITDA, expanding 317% year-over-year. I should repeat that stunning number for clarity, 317%. At News UK, the Sun reported a historic shift with digital advertising outpacing print in fiscal '22 and as its online audience surged 33% in Q4 to 165 million monthly average uniques globally, including 173% growth for the sun.com, driven by the successful launch of the Sun U.S. Overall, News UK, thanks to Rebecca Brooks and her team, increased its profit contribution by $54 million.  News Corp Australia under Michael Miller and his team increased its profit contribution by $109 million, its highest since separation, as digital subscribers to News Corp Australia properties rose by 12% to $964,000, and advertising revenues remain robust. The New York Post posted a historic result. It formally reported a profit, possibly the first since Alexander Hamilton founded the paper, and we are now on a pathway to increasing profit contribution. The Post has distinguished itself with brave journalism that has seen it so far above the media mediocrity. That is a tribute to the intrepid editor, Keith Paul, his journalists and to Sean Giancola, the Chief Executive, and all on the team. We also transitioned from the Bronx printing site and are working towards completion of that facility sale.  At Subscription Video Services, the Foxtel Group's renaissance continued with adjusted revenues, which excludes currency impact, rising 4% in the fourth quarter, while adjusted segment EBITDA rose 32% in the fourth quarter. And importantly, excluding currency, full year revenues for the segment rose for the first time in 5 years. Again, the Foxtel Group is a company transformed and one generating record metrics. Total streaming subscribers at the end of the fiscal year soared 31% from a year ago to $2.8 million, while broadcast churn fell to 13.8% in the fourth quarter, sharply lower than the prior year.  Our sports streaming service, Kayo, is particularly successful with ARPU rising partially attributable to the recent price increase and given the quality of our teams, productions and the quantity of quality sports. HarperCollins grew full year revenue and segment EBITDA despite higher freight and manufacturing costs and a challenging prior year comparison given that the pandemic created a captive audience and record revenues in many countries. We can clearly see the virtue of acquiring Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books & Media as the value of that price list back list is being realized. That efficacy should be obvious in coming months as HMH includes the U.S. rights to the Lord of the Rings collection, and we have seen increased orders ahead of the Rings of Power series on Amazon Prime, scheduled to be launched next month.  Speaking of superlatives, we have the best-selling book in the U.S. with the new Daniel Silver novel, Portrait of an Unknown Woman, and we are pleased by the lingering melody of Where the crawdads Sing, the first movie that was just released in partnership with our friends at Sony Pictures.  The News Corporation of 9 years ago is not the News Corporation of now. The provenance and the principle endure, but the business is fundamentally transformed. It is vastly more profitable and with the potential for even greater growth. Our teams are rightly proud of the way they have influenced the digital landscape, changing the terms of trade for media businesses, bringing clarity to an opaque advertising market and increasing transparency to hit the 2 uncountable algorithms.  The commercial changes are integral to our ongoing success, but the social consequences are also profound and enduring. Almost a decade after our reincarnation, thanks to the efforts of our employees and the faith of our investors, News Corp is set fair for the future.  Our CFO, Susan Panuccio, will now provide a concise account of what has transpired and a glimpse of the shining light that is the future.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Fiscal 2022 was another record year for News Corp. We have taken significant steps over the years to reshape and strengthen the portfolio, reduce fixed costs, transition to become more digital and generate incremental high-margin revenues. I will come back to some thoughts about our fiscal 2023 outlook. But suffice to say that News Corp is well positioned as we move into fiscal 2023, given the strength of our asset mix and balance sheet and the continued diversification of our revenue base.  Fiscal 2022 fourth quarter total revenues were almost $2.7 billion, up 7%. The fourth quarter includes an extra week, which positively impacted revenues by $110 million. That impact was more than offset by foreign exchange headwinds of $139 million. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions and divestitures, fourth Quarter adjusted revenues grew 9% compared to the prior year, including the extra week. Total segment EBITDA was $315 million, up 50% versus the prior year, primarily due to higher overall revenues and lower costs in the Other segment, partially offset by higher costs from recent acquisitions and the negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations. The current quarter results include a onetime $20 million legal settlement charge for Insignia.  Adjusted EBITDA grew a healthy 34% versus the prior period. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.19 compared to a loss of $0.02 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.37 in the quarter, compared to $0.16 in the prior year. Our free cash flow generation remains strong and remains a key area of focus.  Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segment for the fourth quarter, starting with Digital Real Estate Services. Segment revenues were $443 million, an increase of 7%, compared to 74% revenue growth in the prior year. The results include a negative impact of $22 million from a valuation adjustment of future trail commissions at REA's financial services business and a negative impact of $20 million or 5% from foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by the $21 million contribution from Mortgage Choice and the benefit from the extra week, which added $14 million to Move's revenues. On an adjusted basis, segment revenues increased 7%, which does not exclude the benefit from the extra week. Segment EBITDA declined 11% to $121 million, driven by the $14 million negative impact at REA related to the revaluation of trail commissions and an $8 million or 6% negative impact related to currency headwinds as well as higher employee costs at both REA and Move. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 1%.  Move's revenues were $193 million, up 4% following 68% growth in the prior year. For the quarter, real estate revenues grew 3% and accounted for 84% of total revenues. Price optimization within the core lead gen business, higher penetration of our hybrid offering market VIP and continued home price appreciation, coupled with higher advertising revenues, helped to offset the impact from lower lead volumes and transaction volumes. Move's revenues also benefited by $40 million from the extra week. Referral offerings accounted for approximately 31% of total revenues, up from 30% last year. Based on our internal metrics, Realtor's average monthly unique users were $93 million in the fourth quarter. Lead volumes in the quarter fell 39% compared to the prior year, impacted by continued lack of supply and home price appreciation as well as the recent rising mortgage rates. Home prices remain high, growing in mid-teens in June, underscoring the continued supply and demand imbalance.  During the quarter, Move acquired Up Nest advancing realtor seller and listing agent strategy and continue to make investments in rentals and new homes as they build out those adjacencies. In the last 2 years, Realtor's focus was not only to take advantage of the strong market dynamics during the pandemic, but also to position itself for long-term growth while focusing on core competencies and improving the product to deliver deeper and richer information for consumers and customers. This is evidenced by the shift to the data-rich referral base model with the integration of Opcity, which enabled the launch and expansion of Market VIP, the hybrid product, and sell a marketplace to allow customers to explore seller leads without risking own capital to enter buying. These investments, together with the UpNest acquisition have allowed us to expand our scale compared to 2 years ago and capture other elements of the transaction life cycle.  REA had another strong quarter, with revenues rising 10% year-on-year on a reported basis to $250 million as growth in residential depth revenues and the contribution from the Mortgage Choice acquisition more than offset the negative impacts from currency fluctuations and the revaluation of trail commissions. REA continued to benefit from the favorable market backdrop, which saw Australian residential new buy listings rise 2% despite comparing against 54% growth in listing volumes in the prior year and expected uncertainty around the federal election in May. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more detail.  Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $524 million, sequentially higher than the third quarter and down approximately 3% compared to the prior year on a reported basis due to foreign currency headwinds. Importantly, on an adjusted basis, revenues rose 4%, accelerating from the prior quarter rate of 1%. Streaming revenues accounted for 23% of circulation and subscription revenues versus 16% in the prior year and more than offset broadcast revenue decline this quarter. We believe this is a key inflection point for the business and has helped underpin the recent stability in Foxtel Group's revenue. Total closing paid subscribers across the Foxtel Group reached over 4.4 million at quarter end, up 13% year-over-year. Total subscribers, including trial has reached over $4.5 million. Total paid streaming subscribers reached 2.7 million, increasing 34% versus the prior year and adding 114,000 sequentially, with streaming subscribers now representing 61% of Foxtel's total paid subscriber base.  Kayo benefited from strong winter sports content, very high retention from the initial repricing of the legacy Live Pass customers and the successful implementation of the price rise in May. Kayo paying subscribers reached almost 1.3 million, up nearly 23% year-over-year. Binge paying subscribers grew 63% year-over-year to 1.2 million subscribers, which is relatively stable with the third quarter as net adds were impacted by the timing of content availability and the record adds in the third quarter. In July, we announced a AUD 2 price rise for Binge standard offering. Foxtel ended the quarter with approximately 1.5 million residential broadcast subscribers, down 10% year-over-year, with the rate of decline modestly improving from the third quarter rate. Foxtel continues to focus on managing broadcast churn, which reduced by over 3 percentage points year-over-year in the quarter to 13.8%, even though cable customers are being actively migrated to the iQ5. This reflects 11 consecutive months of year-over-year churn reduction. The focus on retaining high-value subscribers for broadcast ARPU steadily rise by 2% to AUD 83 segment EBITDA in the quarter of $81 million rose 23% versus the prior year and 32% on an adjusted basis. Foxtel continues to exhibit healthy cash generation and use existing facilities to pay its AUD 306 million of July USPP maturities.  For the full year, the business showed stability in revenue and segment EBITDA. And as Robert mentioned, full year adjusted revenues improved for the first time in 5 years, which is a great result for the business given the challenges of recent years. As expected, total costs were relatively stable in local currency.  Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones continued its strong performance in the fourth quarter with revenues of $565 million, up 26% compared to the prior year, with digital revenues accounting for 76% of total revenues this quarter, up 4 percentage points from last year. Results include a full quarter from the OPIS acquisition and 1 month from the Chemical Market Analytics acquisition, which closed in early June. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose an impressive 16%, with the extra week contributing $40 million.  Circulation revenues grew 17%, reflecting an additional $17 million for the extra week as well as strong volume gains in digital-only subscriptions. Total Dow Jones digital-only subscriptions were over 4 million, up 14%, including 88,000 net adds in the fourth quarter. Professional information business revenues rose 47% and accounted for 32% of segment revenues, driven by recent acquisitions and growth across all product lines, partly due to $14 million of additional revenues from the extra week. We are focused on further expansion of PIB, which was significantly enhanced with the acquisitions of OPIS and CMA. These acquisitions continue to move Dow Jones to a more recurring and digital revenue base with very high retention rates, strong margins, premium products and optionality into new market verticals. While we don't break out margins specifically for PIB, it is fair to assume that the products in the business have attractive margins, which we expect to be enhanced by our recent acquisitions.  Revenue from Risk & Compliance increased 19%, driven by higher sales activity, including strong growth across all regions, most notably in Europe, and we have a very strong pipeline of new business activity. OPIS generated $37 million of revenues in the quarter, with the business benefiting from price rises, high customer retention and strong demand in existing verticals. CMA contributed approximately $6 million of revenues in the quarter. Advertising revenues grew 13% to $116 million despite lapping 45% growth in the prior year. The extra week contributed $9 million to revenue. Digital advertising revenues rose 16% in the quarter despite facing a record 53% growth comparable from the prior year. Digital accounted for 58% of total advertising revenues, which improved 2 percentage points from last year. We continue to see very strong yield improvement and full strength in the B2B, B2C and finance categories this quarter. It is also noteworthy that the vast majority of our digital advertising comes from direct sales rather than via third-party programmatic exchanges, which has been helpful to our yield improvement. Print advertising rose 9%.  Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 54% to $106 million. Excluding the contribution from the acquisitions, currency fluctuations and other items disclosed in the release, adjusted segment EBITDA for the quarter rose an impressive 30% despite higher employee costs and higher sales and marketing costs. At Book Publishing, HarperCollins posted 4% revenue growth to $513 million and segment EBITDA declined 2% to $47 million as we continue to navigate supply chain and inflationary pressures as communicated during the fiscal year. To that effect, margins were down slightly from the prior year. We saw revenue growth driven by a strong front list performance in general books and a $20 million benefit from the extra week. Our backlist contributed 56% of revenues, down slightly from last year, impacted by lower sales of the Bridgerton series compared to last year. Digital sales rose 9% this quarter and accounted for 24% of consumer sales. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose 4% and segment EBITDA declined 6%.  Turning to News Media, where the momentum continued in the fourth quarter. Revenues were $629 million, up 6% versus the prior year and included $53 million or 9% of negative impact due to currency headwinds, but more than offset the additional $36 million from the extra week. Adjusted revenues for the segment increased 14% compared to the prior year. We again saw a very strong performance in advertising as well as continued growth in circulation and subscription revenues, which was driven by the contribution from our recent content licensing deals, higher digital subscriptions and cover prices. Digital revenues continued to expand, increasing to 35% of segment revenues from 32%, primarily driven by the strength of digital advertising, which we expect will soon be the largest source of the segment's advertising revenues. Within the segment, revenues at News Corp Australia increased 6% and revenues at News UK were flat as both were materially impacted by currency headwinds. The New York Post also continued to show strong top line growth, up 23%.  Circulation and subscription revenues rose 3%, including double-digit digital subscriber growth across News Australia and the Times and Sunday Times Currency headwinds had a $26 million or 9% negative impact, which more than offset the $19 million benefit from the extra week. Advertising revenues increased 8% compared to the prior year, with strength in digital across all our key mastheads, most notably at The Sun, where digital exceeded print advertising for the third consecutive quarter, benefiting from significantly higher yields and its successful launch in the U.S. Currency negatively impacted advertising revenues by $21 million or 9%, partially offset by the additional $15 million from the extra week. Segment EBITDA of $33 million increased also by that amount, reflecting higher revenues, partially offset by incremental investments of over $20 million related to Talk TV in the U.K., which launched in April, and other digital initiatives. News Corp Australia and News UK contributed $23 million and $16 million, respectively, to the segment EBITDA growth. And the New York Post and Wireless Group were also again positive contributors.  News Corp finishes fiscal 2022 more dependent on recurring and circulation based revenue, less dependent on advertising revenue and with greater cost discipline across the company as a consequence of navigating the past couple of years. As for fiscal 2023, we expect to see an improvement in top line revenue growth, partially driven by the integration of OPIS and CMA, but also by continued digital gains across the company, albeit much will dependent on macro conditions and the volatility of foreign currencies. We expect CapEx to be modestly higher in fiscal 2023 and anticipate strong levels of free cash flow.  For the upcoming quarter, I would like to discuss a few things. We expect cost impacts from continued supply chain and inflationary pressures, together with wage inflation challenges, to continue. We will take necessary action to address those pressures, including pricing adjustments, together with our ongoing focus on cost management. Visibility on advertising remains limited across the businesses, and we continue to expect foreign exchange headwinds given the current spot rate for the Australian dollar and pound sterling compared to the prior year.  Looking at each of our segments at Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential new buy listings for July rose 7%. Please refer to REA for a more specific outlook commentary. As Robert mentioned, across the industry in the U.S., inventory and active listings improved in June as we begin to cycle into more normalized year-over-year comparisons. We still assume lead volumes at Move will be challenged in the short term, and we'll look to mitigate that through yield optimization, new or enhanced products as well as balancing ongoing investment with cost discipline.  In Subscription Video Services, we remain pleased with the performance of the streaming products and the ongoing focus on broadcast ARPU and churn as we continue to migrate customers from cable. We look forward to the launch of House of the Dragon on Binge later this month, which we will expect will drive an improvement in net subscriber additions, and we continue to expect to see stability in earnings in local currency across the year.  At Dow Jones, we remain focused on the integration of OPIS and CMA. We expect the rate of investment in the first quarter to be higher than the prior year as we continue to invest to drive consumer subscriptions and enhance our PIB offerings. As a reminder, over 75% of Dow Jones revenues are recurring or subscription-based, the majority digital, with a strong margin, and we feel confident of its growth trajectory leading into 2023.  In Book Publishing, supply chain and inflationary pressures continue to persist. We look to capitalize on our global English language rights for J.R.R. Tolkien's work in our back list as we look forward to the release of The Rings of Power on Amazon Prime in early September.  At News Media, we still expect higher content licensing revenue from our platform deals as we implement elements of the broader Google partnership, such as subscribed with Google and also benefit from our expanded Apple relationship. We expect incremental costs in relation to product investments across the businesses, including Talk TV and our other digital initiatives, together with pressure on newsprint prices. As a reminder, we have recently raised cover prices in both the U.K. and Australia this calendar year.  With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Entcho Raykovski with Credit Suisse.
Entcho Raykovski: Rob, Susan, it's Entcho here. I've got a question in relation to Move, particularly given those comments you've made around the next conversation. I'm just conscious that Zero have guided to declines in their IMP revenues in the double digits into the September quarter. It sounds like you are more positive given the yield improvements that you've mentioned. I guess, can you expand on whether you're likely to see in your revenue growth into the next quarter, notwithstanding some of the challenges in the macro environment?
Robert Thomson: Entcho, Robert here. Look, the U.S. property market is replete with contradictions. Obviously, mortgage rates have risen. But by historical standards, they are relatively low and have been hovering around 5% in recent days. Obviously, also, there are ways to get lower rates than that in the shorter term. Our price increases have abated in much of the U.S., meaning internal increases, which patently strained affordability. And I mentioned earlier, our active inventory in June was actually up 19% year-on-year. So the more listings, the more opportunities for our teams. And having properties on the market for longer is not a problem, but generally a plus. It really doesn't suit us if a house is sold in 4 minutes or, frankly, takes 4 years, somewhere in between is ideal. So it's a volatile market, certainly, but opportunity abounds.
Operator: Next, we move on to Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Just on the book segment and The Lord of the Rings series, next year. I mean I imagine that's going to drive a pretty strong revenue outcome. Can you talk a bit about how we should think about that from an EBITDA perspective? I suppose if there's any other key titles in the pipeline for next year that we should be thinking about?
Robert Thomson: Kane, obviously, The Lord of the Rings series or the series based on The Lord of the Rings is going to have a profound impact on HarperCollins' performance, and the related publicity will no doubt stimulate sales. We're not in a position to give you an accurate forecast for the future, but it is fair to say it's going to be a significant moment for HarperCollins in coming months.
Susan Panuccio: And I think the only other thing that I could add to that, Kane, is that, obviously, given it's going to be back list, we typically have higher margins on the back list than what we would see in the first year for front list titles.
Operator: Next, we move on to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Just a quick comment there. Robert, I've been listening to you for 9 years. I don't think I've ever heard you so excited about your business. Maybe you had a few cups of coffee, but you sounded very excited. Kidding there, but like -- my question for you is costs for you or Susan. As you think across your portfolio, if the environment does get worse here in the coming quarters, do you feel you have a room to take out costs out of your various segments? And I guess, more importantly, do you feel -- are you willing to take out cost investment spending here if the environment gets materially worse across your segments?
Susan Panuccio: I might take that one, Craig. So look, obviously, if our revenue grows, we expect cost to increase given the variable nature of some of our businesses. And we are expecting supply chain and inflationary pressures most notably in manufacturing at HarperCollins and on newsprint prices at the mastheads together with wage inflation. Our business units are so far more in tune with the levers that they can use having successfully navigated the past couple of years. We do have a healthy pipeline of ongoing cost-saving initiatives, which gives us confidence that we can continue to take our cost to help mitigate some of those macro challenges.
Operator: Next, we'll move on to Alan Gould with Loop Capital.
Alan Gould: Robert, I just wondering if you can give us a little more insight on what's happening with these platform deals with Facebook, which supposedly is resisting paying for news going forward. And what the implications would be in Australia, given the recent laws that have been implemented there?
Robert Thomson: Alan, I think it's fair to say we've entered a new Facebook phase. We have a 3-year agreement with Facebook in Australia. But beyond that, we have open discussions with Facebook on the role of professional content in areas from sport video to the Metaverse. Just one brief diversion. To be fair, some of the political pressures on Facebook to sensor content are rather perverse. The definition of disinformation or misinformation is often political and disingenuous. So some sympathy for them in that instance.  But more broadly, look, we set out with a clear aim of redefining the value of news content, and that value surely has been to be defined permanently and positively. And that's definitely to the benefit of journalists and communities around the world. We have extended our significant Apple deal, thanks to Tim Manet, who both firmly believe in news. And our engagement with Google is creative and purposeful, thanks to Sundar and his team. We are, however, still waiting patiently for commission checks from other publishers around the world.
Operator: And we move on to Darren Leung with Macquarie.
Darren Leung: Good performance in Risk & Compliance, 19% growth in the quarter. Can you give us a feel if this is acquisition impact? And if so, what is it excluding the acquisitions, please?
Susan Panuccio: No, there's no acquisitions in Risk & Compliance basically within the period segment, but not Risk & Compliance.
Operator: Next, move on to Brian Han, Morningstar.
Brian Han: So strategic moves that you guys would like to do with REA, but cannot do due to the fact that you don't own 100% of it? And Susan, what is the revenue base of Risk & Compliance and now within Dow Jones?
Robert Thomson: Brian, I think I missed the start of your question, but I presume it was about the structure of digital real estate. Is that right?
Brian Han: Yes. What would you like to do with REA, but you cannot do it because you don't own 100% of it?
Robert Thomson: Look, we're very proud of REA's performance. I would leave it to Owen and the team here to give you specifics. And we're passionate generally about digital property. As you know, there's real cooperation between and among the teams. And we do see a confluence in a broader market trends with more emphasis on providing sell-side solutions in the U.S. market, which is the strengths characteristically the Australian market, where we provide premium solutions for agents. More broadly, for News Corp, we're constantly reviewing the structure of the company. We're institutionally introspective and certainly never complacent self-satisfied or smug.
Susan Panuccio: And Brian, just in relation to the number for Risk & Compliance, the annual revenue was $225 million for '22, 2020, excluding week 53, so 18% growth in the full year, and we had a 19% growth in Q4.
Operator: Next, we'll move on to David Karnovsky with JPMorgan.
John Cardoso: This is actually John on for David. Just touching on the U.S. real estate market again. But given the current cross-currents of a stabilizing market against a weakening macro backdrop, how should we think about the performance of the different product offerings that move, particularly as it relates to some of the more referral-based services versus the more lead-heavy ones?
Robert Thomson: Well, John, the most important aspect for us is listings the number of leads and then our ability through the traditional lead model as well as the referral model to maximize the value of each of those leads. And then as I mentioned earlier on, mortgages, those leads now have more value because the refi market has imploded and the origination market has increased and relatively important. So what we've created with the team at Realtor is an ability to maximize returns on any particular lead. And so that model will be something that provides us robust revenues regardless of a certain amount of volatility, volatility indeed, that may be efficacious for the market.
Susan Panuccio: And John, maybe I can just add to that as well. Given some of the headwinds that we face within the core legion with volumes down, we have had success in driving increased revenue given higher yield. And we've also recently launched the hybrid product, Market VIP, which we're starting to see growth, and that's getting traction as well. So that's helping to mitigate some further headwind.
Robert Thomson: And one further point, John, even ad sales at Realtor.com have become more precise, more focused, taking the advantage of our yield lessons elsewhere in our media properties, and ads were up 11% at Realtor.com last year.
Operator: And we have no further questions. So I would like to turn the conference back over to Mike Florin for any additional closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Great. Thank you, Sara. Thank you all for participating today. Have a great day, and we look forward to speaking with you in the near future. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's teleconference. We do appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp 3Q Fiscal 2022 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Florin : Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal third quarter 2022 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. I'm delighted to report that revenues and profitability were at a new record for the third quarter, since the company's rebirth in 2013, building comprehensively on the momentum of our record performance in preceding quarters News Corp delivered $2.5 billion of revenues up 7%, despite the vicissitudes of currency volatility. While profitability improved by 20% and that was despite the one time transaction costs for our Opus acquisition. The tangible benefits to revenue and profitability of that transaction should be obvious in coming quarters. To put the results in a broader context, we attained more in profitability at over $1.3 billion through the first three quarters of fiscal 2022 than we did in any entire fiscal year, since our rebirth in 2013. And there is certainly more to come in the fourth quarter. Given the impact of the pandemic and not so transitional inflation, both exogenous in the extreme, these sterling results are testament to the strength of the company's culture created and curated by Rupert and Locklin Murdoch and the commitment, creativity, and passion of all our employees. We are investing as well as returning capital to shareholders and have focused that investment on bolstering our growth pillars. The results of that productive investment should be felt for years to come. Our core product suite has expanded as has our reach, and we expect that auspicious combination will [indiscernible] our long-term growth. Following a strong fiscal 2021 and first half of fiscal 2022 Dow Jones continued to power ahead with revenues and segment EBITDA both sharply rising. Though the latter was impacted by the one-time costs related to the Opus transaction. Segment EBITDA was up 7% even including the Opus costs, adjusted segment EBITDA actually rose 16%. Opus, along with Base Chemicals, which we expect will close by the end of next month, represent an exciting opportunity for Dow Jones, extending the depth and reach of our news and information capabilities in the commodities sector. The appetite for data, analysis and insight in the energy, renewables, chemicals and related fields is strong and growing. And we believe Dow Jones is ideally positioned to capitalize for many years to come. Not only did we acquire Opus at a rather favorable price, but the recent surge in global commodity prices highlights the profound importance of this sector for Dow Jones. The need for trusted and accurate information has never been more imperative. And we expect to capitalize on that opportunity. Opus has healthy subscriber growth with robust margins and extremely high retention rates. Given the lack of overlap between the customer basis of Dow Jones and Opus, we see very strong cross-sell and upsell potential using the vast WSJ, IBD and MarketWatch audiences as a premium pool for customer leads. Subscriber growth at Dow Jones remain robust with WSJ digital only subscribers crossing three million this quarter expanding at a robust 16% rate. Digital only subscriptions across all Dow Jones consumer sites increased by 19%, which also reflects the consolidation of IBD and early success in new bundled offerings. Digital advertising burgeon 21%, marking the seventh consecutive quarter of double digit percent growth. Notably, print advertising has actually expanded for four consecutive quarters in double digits. While the conflict in Ukraine had a short term impact on advertising, given that certain advertisers did not want juxtaposition with war coverage, overall trends remain favorable. The imposition of sanctions and expansion of watchlists, underscore the value of the Dow Jones Risk & Compliance business, which continued its unbroken streak of rapid growth in Q3, when it recorded the 27th straight quarter of double digit increases. And on Ukraine, we are deeply appreciative of the professionalism of our journalists and their support teams in covering the tragic conflict and bringing understanding to readers around the world.  Our Digital Real Estate services, both revenues and segment EBITDA continue to expand at a healthy rate. Revenues at REA grew a robust 30% following a surge in listing value and also benefited from the integration of mortgage choice, which obviously provides another means of monetizing our valuable leaves. In the U.S., the real estate market is in the midst of flux with historically low inventories and rising interest rates. Home prices generally have continued to rise. There is much variation depending on the location, while rents are increasing at a double digit rate. Affordability and supply, which are obviously related, remain issues for first time buyers who also face an escalation in mortgage rates though by historical standards, rates remain relatively low. The ebb and flow of market forces is not unusual. And we believe the opportunity for realtor.com and News Corp has never been greater as the digitization of the property market continues at pace. And current trends are likely to expedite that evolution. Our product innovation has accelerated. Our scale has increased. And we are in the early days of venturing into relevant adjacencies with large addressable markets. Despite the shifting market conditions, Move posted revenue growth in the third quarter and our aim to be the digital marketplace for consumers and the industries is clearly paying dividends. As our average monthly unique users exceeded 100 million in March. Over the past two years, third quarter revenues of the Digital Real Estate Services segment have increased by 59%, which gives a measure of both the growth and the opportunity. The past two years have been remarkable for book publishing with third quarter revenues rising 5% this year, which means that there has been a 25% increase since the third quarter of fiscal 2020. And this in an industry that some observers had presumed to be mature. We expect sales to continue at significantly higher levels than before the pandemic. Unsurprisingly, EBITDA after the segment was challenged, including by supply chain, cost increases for paper, printing and distribution. We expect these near term disruptions to abate over time. We also expect continuing success from both new releases and our bolstered backlist, which was enhanced by the acquisition of the Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books & Media division. Successful releases included the bestselling memoir by former Attorney General, Bill Barr, One Damn Thing After Another, Red Handed by Peter Schweizer and The Paris Apartment by Lucy Foley. Given the public's abiding appetite for reading HarperCollins is certainly well positioned for future success. We're excited about Finding Me the new book by Viola Davis released late last month. And we anticipate a surge in interest in The Lord of the Rings franchise, for which we now have global English language rights. Given the launch of Amazon's landmark series later this calendar year. It is worth noting that according to Amazon, the teaser trailer for that series broke a global record for the most watched entertainment trailer to debut during the Super Bowl within 24 hours of the trailers release, it had 257 million views. News Media was the biggest contributor to News Corp’s growth in profitability in Q3, with segment EBITDA approximately 388% higher in the quarter. We saw continued strong performance in digital advertising across the segment alongside a notable rebound in print advertising at News UK. News Australia had a strong quarter with substantial improvement in profit contribution, thanks in part to our deals with the tech platforms, our continuing cost discipline and the development of our digital platforms. The New York Post Renaissance continues with its massive audience, strong advertising growth and improved profit contribution. The New York Post digital network now ranks among the top news sites in the U.S. and has grown nearly eight-fold since fiscal 2014, to over 172 million average monthly unique users in the third quarter. News UK also had a healthy profit contribution with significant revenue improvement of The Sun where digital advertising outpaced print. It is also notable that thesun.com, the brand extension of The Sun in the U.S. market increased page views in Q3 by over 260% year-over-year to 500 million with yields significantly improving. Piers Morgan's much anticipated program launched on April 25. And it more than exceeded expectations in reach across the UK, the U.S. and Australia, thanks to the power of our platforms, the pivotal partnership with Fox News and the quality of the programming. Not only does TalkTV plan to be a broad church of diverse views and lively discussion, it offers a new opportunity to leverage our strong brands, talented people, and premium video content in the UK and around the world. In Subscription Video Services, the third quarter saw continued progress in reshaping the Foxtel Group as a growth-oriented subscription business, with continued success in streaming, stable revenues and solid cash generation. Notably Kayo and BINGE, both surged in the quarter and are now reaching record numbers of subscribers, Kayo plans to implement a price increase as it benefits from its scale platform and high-quality production, which is driving record ratings at the start of the season for both the NRL and the AFL. Overall, total paying streaming subs reach nearly 2.6 million up 62%. We remain pleased with Foxtel's turnaround and have a great optimism about its near and long term future. We are continuing to explore all options for Foxtel to maximize its value while watching closely all relevant developments in the financial markets. Through the first three quarters of fiscal year 2022 News Corp is well on track for its most profitable year since separation. Clearly, besting last year's record results. Success is building on success. We will relentlessly continue to drive our performance in the quest for enhanced returns for our investors, complacency, smugness, and hubris are not words in our vocabulary. News Corp is a company transformed more intensely digital, more intelligently global with strong growth in our core markets and much unrealized potential. Macroeconomic challenges affect all businesses, whether that be the supply chain, corrosive inflation or febrile currency markets. But our resilience, adaptability and ingenuity were stress tested by the pandemic and led to record revenues and profits. We understandably are optimistic about the years ahead. For more granularity about our quarterly performance, I now hand you over to the at right [ph] Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Fiscal 2022 third quarter total revenues were approximately $2.5 billion, up 7% reflecting strong growth across our core pillars led by digital real estate services and Dow Jones, which includes benefits from our recent acquisitions and our continuing shift to digital across the company. Total segment EBITDA was $358 million higher than the prior year by 20%. And, as Robert mentioned, marked the highest third quarter total segment EBITDA on records since separation, reflecting our ongoing focus on costs. Those results came despite approximately $15 million of one-time cost related to the Opus transaction, which closed on February the 28 and a $16 million negative impact from currency headwinds. Excluding acquisitions, currency fluctuations, and other items disclosed in the release, adjusted revenues and adjusted total segment EBITDA rose 6% and 25% respectively. Reported EPS were $0.14 compared to $0.13 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.16 compared to $0.09 in the prior year. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services. Segment revenues were $416 million an increase of 19% compared to the prior year. The results include the contribution from the acquisition of Mortgage Choice, as well as the negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations. On an adjusted basis segment revenues increase 14%. Segment EBITDA rose 17% to $137 million or up 18% on an adjusted basis. Like the second quarter, the driver of segment EBITDA improvement was REA while segment EBITDA contribution from news was flat compared to the prior year. News revenues were $170 million similar to last quarter and up 5% year-over-year, this followed 37% revenue growth in the prior year and is now approximately 44% higher than pre-pandemic levels in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. For the quarter real estate revenues grew 7% and accounted for 85% of total revenues.  Price optimization within the core Lead Gen business, home price appreciation and the resulting flow through to commissions within the referral model together with higher advertising help to offset limited inventory impacting both lead volumes and transaction volumes. Referral offerings accounted for approximately 28% of total revenues up three percentage points compared to the prior year and was the biggest driver of year-over-year revenue growth this quarter. Based on our internal metrics, Realtor’s, average monthly unique users were 95 million in Q3 reaching a 100 million in March, while unique users were down 3% year-over-year, they are still 40% above pre-pandemic levels in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. Like the second quarter revenue growth was partially offset by the divestiture of top producer in March, which negatively impacted revenues by approximately two percentage points. Lead volumes in the quarter were sequentially higher than the second quarter. However, they declined 22% compared to the prior year impacted by lower new listings and the recent rise in mortgage rates. The team remains focused on driving audience growth, scaling the core real estate business and investing in and growing adjacent businesses, while keeping a watchful eye on the macro environment. REA had another very strong quarter with revenues rising 30% year-on-year on a reported basis to $246 million, which includes a $38 million contribution from the Mortgage Choice acquisition. REA enjoyed another quarter of favorable trends, including an 11% increase in Australian residential new buy listings with Sydney up 14% and Melbourne up 8%, despite lapping tough comparisons. REA also benefit from higher yields, increased penetration, and favorable product mix. Financial services benefited from an increase in settlements, as well as the integration of Mortgage Choice. And the team continues to innovate with the launch of Premier Plus in March and enhanced offering that delivers additional marketing features to listings. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment, revenues for the quarter were $494 million, relatively stable from the second quarter and down approximately 6% compared to the prior year on a reported basis due to foreign currency headwinds. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose 1%, a strong improvement from the second quarter rate of minus 3%. Streaming revenues, now account for 20% of circulation and subscription revenues saw notable acceleration in the growth rate from the second quarter. Total clients paid subscribers across the Foxtel Group reached $4.3 million at quarter end, up 23% year-over-year. Total subscribers, including trialists, were over 4.5 million. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher BINGE and Kayo subscribers, partially offset by the expected decline in residential broadcast subscribers. Commercial subscriptions rose modestly over the prior year helped by the easing of lockdown restrictions. Total streaming subscribers reached over 2.7 million with paying subscribers up 62% from the prior year and 421,000 sequentially to approximately 2.6 million. Streaming subscribers reached 59% of Foxtel's total paid subscriber base. Kayo benefited from the return of the winter sports codes [ph] and saw record early ratings with total subscribers over 1.2 million. 138,000 paid subscribers were added in the quarter, a notable acceleration from the second quarter, taking paid subscribers to over 1.1 million. Similar to Kayo, BINGE had a strong quarter increasing its total subscribers to over 1.3 million. Paying subscribers increased to over 1.2 million, up 135% from the prior year. BINGE added 284,000 paid subscribers in the quarter, the most quarterly additions since the launch of the service in 2020. BINGE's growth continued to be driven by the depth and diversity of its content library and the popularity of new shows such as Love Me, a Binge original, Euphoria, and the Walking Dead. Foxtel ended the quarter with over 1.5 million residential broadcast subscribers, down approximately 11% with the rate of decline stable versus the second quarter. Commercial subscribers ended the quarter 240,000 and improvement both sequentially and year-over-year. Retaining high value customers remains the focus for broadcast subscribers, which has led to churn improvements with churn reducing almost six percentage points year-over-year in the quarter to 14.3%, which reflects eight consecutive months of year-over-year churn reduction. Broadcast ARPU rose by 2% to AUD82. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $79 million was down 13% versus the prior year, driven by higher programming costs, partly due to increased availability of entertainment content as well as modestly high marketing investment in streaming.  Cost control remains a key focus at Foxtel, and we continue to expect full year cost to be flat versus the prior year in local currency, which is helping to underpin strong cash generation. The fourth quarter segment EBITDA will face more favorable prior year comparisons. Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones continued its strong performance in the quarter with revenues of $487 million, up 16% compared to the prior year with digital revenues accounting for 76% of total revenues this quarter, up two percentage points from last year.  Results for the quarter include IBD and one month of the recently acquired Opus. Circulation and subscription revenues increased 15%, including 16% circulation revenue growth, primarily reflecting the acquisition of IBD and continued strong volume gains in digital-only subscriptions. Digital-only net ads at Dow Jones were 167,000 subscribers, including 118,000 at the Wall Street Journal, the highest quarterly additions this fiscal year. Professional information business revenues rose 13% and accounted for 29% of revenues.  Revenue growth from Risk & Compliance increased 12%, despite a 3% negative foreign exchange impact driven by the higher entry rate at the beginning of the year and strong growth across the Americas, Europe and Asia. Opus accounted for approximately $10 million of revenues in the quarter. As a reminder, the business did $129 million of revenues in its last full year with very strong margins and with revenues almost all recurring and digital. Advertising revenues, which accounted for 21% of revenues this quarter, remained very strong, growing 20% to a $102 million, despite difficult prior year comparisons. Digital advertising revenues rose 21% in the quarter on top of 30% growth in the third quarter of the prior year and accounted for 62% of total advertising revenues. We continue to see strong yield improvement led by direct display and saw particular strength in the finance and technology categories. Print advertising continued to surprise on the upside with 18% growth year-over-year, partly due to easy prior year compares, but also due to strength in the technology category. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 7% to $88 million following growth of 61% in the third quarter of the prior year. As mentioned earlier, included in the quarter is approximately $15 million of one time transaction costs related to the Opus acquisition. Excluding the contribution from IBD and Opus currency fluctuations and other items disclosed in the release adjusted revenues and adjusted segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 9% and 16% respectively. Over the last few weeks, we have received questions from investors about our exposure to the war in Ukraine. Across the company, our exposure to the region is at Dow Jones, the region accounts for a de minimis amount of Dow Jones' gross revenues, almost entirely in [indiscernible]. And so far, the impact from close accounts and/or canceled contract is immaterial. We are also beginning to see opportunities in risk and compliance emerge due to increased sanctions and regulatory requirements. At Book Publishing, HarperCollins posted 5% revenue growth to $515 million and segment EBITDA fell 16% to $67 million. However, consumption levels continue to remain materially above pre-pandemic levels. Current quarter results were impacted by the ongoing global supply chain and inflation new pressures on freight and manufacturing cost as well as very difficult comparisons with the prior year, which benefited from a higher back list performance driven by The Bridgerton Series by Julia Quinn. The Bridgerton Series still performed well this quarter, but revenue contribution was down approximately $14 million versus the prior year. As flagged during our last earnings call, we saw an increase in manufacturing costs, partly due to supply chain issues, including higher inbound international freight and fuel prices. Digital sales declined 6% this quarter and accounted for 23% of consumer sales, which was almost entirely explained by the lower Bridgerton sales, which did particularly well in the ebook format last year, and also contributed to the strong margin performance in the prior year. HMH continued to perform according to plan. For the quarter, HMH contributed $35 million in revenues and $3 million in segment EBITDA and remains on track to deliver $20 million in annualized cost synergies. Turning to News Media, the momentum in this segment continued during the quarter revenues were $580 million up 5% versus the prior year, which included $25 million or approximately five percentage points of negative impact due to currency headwinds. The underlying growth rate in local currency was similar to the second quarter. We again saw improvement in advertising as well as strong growth in circulation and subscription revenues, benefited by the contribution from our recent content licensing revenues. Within the segment revenues at NewsCorp Australia and News UK increased 2% and 4% respectively. Wireless Group and the New York Post also continue to show strong top line growth. Adjusted revenues for the segment increased 10% compared to the prior year. Circulation and subscription revenues rose 5% benefiting from strong digital subscriber growth, incremental revenues from the platform agreements and cover price increases. Currency headwinds, negatively impacted circulation and subscription revenues by $12 million or four percentage points. Advertising revenues increase 9% compared to the prior year with strength in digital across all our key markets. Most notably at The Sun, which more than double digital advertising revenues versus the prior year. Currency negatively impacted advertising revenues by $10 million or five percentage points. Segment EBITDA of $39 million increased $31 million compared to the prior year, reflecting the higher revenues. Margins improved to almost 7% from 1% last year. Results were partially impacted by hiring investment related to TalkTV and marketing support for new digital product offerings at NewsCorp Australia. I would now like to talk about some themes for the upcoming quarter. We remain encouraged with our strong year-to-date results and that we have already delivered record profitability since separation for the company at the end of Q3. But we are clearly mindful of the lack of visibility from the ongoing impacts of the pandemic, the broader macroeconomic impacts from the war in Ukraine and the cost impacts from continued supply chain and inflationary pressures, particularly in book publishing and our [indiscernible], together with wage inflation and talent retention across the company. We expect these challenges to continue in the short term. At Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential new buy listings for April declined, 8% impacted by the timing of the Easter and ANZAC Day holidays. REA anticipates growth rates to slow as it cycles strong prior period listing volumes, which grew 54% in the fourth quarter of last year had potential impacts around the upcoming federal election in May. Please refer to REA for more specific outlook commentary. At Move, despite tougher comparisons and the macro environment, we continue to see strong yields. We expect to continue to reinvest in Move, as we drive the core business and expand into relevant adjacencies, particularly in new homes and rentals. Similar to last year, we expect investments in the second half. In Subscription Video Services, we remain pleased with the performance of the streaming products and the ongoing focus on broadcast ARPU and churn. As mentioned earlier, we expect full year costs in local currency to be relatively flat versus the prior year. And we expect improvement in profitability in the fourth quarter against the prior year. At Dow Jones, overall revenue trends across the business remains strong. We do expect the rate of advertising growth to be impacted next quarter, by a more difficult prior year comparison, which saw advertising grow by 45%. Excluding the impact from acquisitions, we expect the rate of cost growth to be higher than the third quarter as we continue to invest to drive consumer subscriptions and enhance our Professional Information Business offerings. And as Robert mentioned, we expect to close the Base Chemicals acquisition in June. In Book Publishing, we expect another quarter of strong front list releases and supply chain and inflationary pressures to persist. At News Media, overall advertising trends remain favorable, albeit recognizing that visibility is limited. We continue to expect incremental annual revenues from the recent platform agreements with the majority of that allocated to News Media. We expect incremental costs of at least $20 million in relation to product investments across the businesses, including TalkTV in the fourth quarter. On the Other segment, we expect costs in the second half to be slightly higher than the first half due to the phasing of costs, but lower than the prior year. Finally, note that this fiscal year is on a 53-week basis and will include an extra week of financial results. I would also like to note that similar to the third quarter, we do expect foreign exchange headwinds to continue, given the current spot rates for the Australian dollar and pound Sterling compared to the prior year. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Entcho Raykovski with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi Robert. Hi, Susan. Entcho Raykovski here. If I can just sneak in two questions please. I mean the first one is on Move. I appreciate the comments Susan you've just made around fourth quarter. I'm conscious that the comps are particularly difficult with, I think, it was 68% revenue growth in the PCP. Can you talk about what yield benefit you might expect to see in that fourth quarter? And could you conceivably see revenue growth within Move, given that tough comp? That's the first question. And secondly, I have a question on the pace of the buyback by my calculus you've done, I think, $158 million so far versus an authorization of $1 billion. Do you think there is scope to accelerate that particularly if you think there is value on offer in the current share price? And could we see that in the coming months? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Thank you. Entcho, I'll take the first question about movement, Susan will address the buyback. Look, we're not going to give you a forecast for the quarter, but obviously enough, even though leads have been in decline in Q3, if there are fewer houses for sale, there'll be fewer leads. The beauty of the referral model is that we're focused on the quality, not the quantity. We can have fewer leads, but make more from each of those leads by offering realtors more purposeful purchases So quantity of course matters, but so does quality. And that is the beauty of the model that we've been building in recent years. Our quarterly real estate revenues rose even in this difficult market by 7%. And as you say, that followed 43% growth in the same quarter last year. And by the way, leads are still 11% higher than 2020. And existing home sales in calendar 2021 were 15% higher than 2019. Another thing to watch in coming months and quarters, the change in the mortgage market with origination being more important than refinancing, which had dominated over the past few years, the mortgage companies were more focused on serving preexisting, preapproved customers with refinancing and rapid decline. Our new leads will be relatively more valuable and we will surely extract that value.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, so just in relation to the buyback, your numbers were accurate. That is what we have brought back to date. And you will notice from that that we have been buying back at a relatively steady rate since we announced the buyback like last calendar year. We haven't given a timeframe in relation to the execution of that buyback. But as always, we will continue to look at the reinvestment opportunities, versus the shareholder returns and monitoring the share price.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Keith, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Kane Hannan: Hey guys just two quick ones as well, just Kayo and that price increase you mentioned, is there any more color you can give us around, I suppose, timing and quantum of that? I suppose, is that what is going to drive the improved profitability in the fourth quarter? And then just News Media, given the inflationary pressures and that $20 million investment you called out, is it right to assume a step down in margin for that segment in the fourth quarter.
Susan Panuccio: Okay Kane I'll take those. So just in relation to Kayo, the price increase will hit. I think it's towards the end of May. So we'll actually see pretty limited impact of that in Q4. So it's 250 and it'll hit on the 9 of May. But we will obviously see the benefit of that as we go through into next financial year. In relation to News Media, what I would say about that is we obviously have seen really strong growth within that segment over the course of the year. And we are taking a balanced approach to reinvestment. So we are expecting to see profitability improve in Q4, obviously subject to revenue trends, and foreign currency and how that trades. And we will make sure that the revenue upside will help some of the cost investments that we're going to have within that business. And we will continue to focus on margins within that segment.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Kane. Keith, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Karnowski with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
John Gaudioso: Hi guys. This is John Gaudioso on for David. Just one quick one for me. It's only been two months, but I thought I would just ask you about any early learnings as you integrate the Opus acquisition. And I realize you have a significant amount of expertise in Spector, particularly with Dow Jones, but any warning that might also affect base chemicals when it closes next month and its potential future integration thereafter.
Robert Thomson: Yes, we're very pleased with the first phase of integration as you say said, it is early. But clearly enough international events have only highlighted the economic, commercial and political importance of energy policy and prices and the shift to renewables. Both Opus and Base Chemicals are essentially a hundred percent digital recurring subscription revenues and rather high EBITDA margins. But these are premium products at premium prices. And we have a very large base of potential, professional customers through our Barron's, WSJ, IBD and MarketWatch audiences. That vast base will create an ongoing funnel of possible premium subscribers for Opus. You'll certainly see the positive impacts in coming quarters. And it is obvious that this is a pivotal moment for Dow Jones.
Mike Florin: Thank you, John. Keith, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Darren Leung with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Darren Leung: Hi guys. Thanks for your time. Just one from me. Looking at the professional information business in the Dow Jones segment, where we look at risk appliance, obviously going quite strong but actually largely in line with so a little bit faster than TRV. It sort of implies that Factiva and Newswires is sort of smaller in terms of its growth here. Any color or details implied here, please.
Robert Thomson: Darren we’re pleased overall with the professional information business. Newswire provides an important service not just for the professional side, but also for our consumer journalism. And we're fully invested in the, in the future of developing that Newswire’s business. And you'll see in coming quarters, as I said, with the Piers acquisition, just how much potential professional information business actually has.
Darren Leung: Can you comment whether subscribers are still increasing in Factiva?
Mike Florin: Well, I'm sorry Darren the detail I gave you is the detail that I will give you. Thank you.
Darren Leung: Okay, thank you.
Robert Thomson: I think Darren it’s fair to say that that Factiva newswires is relatively stable. Keith, we'll take our next question please.
Darren Leung: Okay.
Operator: Our next questions from Brian Han with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Brian Han: Robert, I think, you mentioned that in News Media, digital advertising revenue was greater than print in the UK. First, can you please confirm that? And second, does that mean in Australia and U.S. print advertising revenue is still way bigger than digital advertising revenue?
Robert Thomson: No. The second supposition is not accurate. Look, advertising generally has been excellent, particularly in digital and you see it from Dow Jones to the New York Post, which is on track as we've indicated for genuine profitability. But across, in total, the business units, Dow Jones advertising up 20%; News UK, 32%; New York Post, 13%; and News Australia, 2%, obviously currency affected. So strong growth and indications are that growth remains relatively robust.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Brian. Keith, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue.
Robert Thomson: Great. Well thank you all for participating. Thank you, Keith. Have a wonderful day and we look forward to speaking with you soon,
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Jess. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal Second Quarter 2022[ph] Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We've all been with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. We are delighted that the considerable momentum shown over the past two years has continued unabated in the most recent quarter. While the first quarter was the most profitable first quarter since our rebirth in 2013. The second quarter was the most profitable of any quarter with record revenues and record profitability. Products are certainly deserved by our employees for their collective and unstinting effort, energy and creativity. We are all proud to be furthering a tradition of purpose in principle created by and curated by Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch. Credit too must go to a Board that has provided thoughtful prescient guidance during a particularly challenging period for most media companies in most countries. Revenues for the quarter exceeded $2.7 billion, a 13% increase year-over-year, while profitability rose 18% to $586 million and net income reached $262 million. In the first half of this fiscal year, News Corp amassed nearly $1 billion of total segment EBITDA, a 30% surge while reported net income was $529 million compared to $308 million in the previous year. The platform agreements with Big Tech continued to benefit our bottom line. In addition to our substantial deals with Google and Facebook, we have extended and expanded our multiyear global agreement with Apple, which is expected to be an important source of subscriptions and of advertising revenue for our new sites around the world. There is no doubt that Tim Cook and Eddy Cue have a visceral enlightened understanding of the importance of professional journalism, and we genuinely appreciate their personal and corporate commitment. Our businesses are flourishing. There was again strong performance at Digital Real Estate Services, Dow Jones and Book Publishing and a rapid expansion of profitability at our News Media segment. We are delighted that agreement has been reached to acquire the OPIS and Base Chemicals businesses after their required sale for antitrust reasons. They will surely add to the luster of the already lucrative Dow Jones Professional Information Business. Those acquisitions should formally close in the first half of calendar 2022. We had indicated that the strength of our cash position and our robust growth would enable us to make opportunistic purchases, and that has come to fruition and at reasonable prices that we believe will benefit all our shareholders. That studied strategic expansion has been complemented by a $1 billion share buyback program already well underway and which we expect will provide ongoing value to our investors. Turning first to Digital Real Estate Services. It is manifest that there is a global shift in the housing market, with families wanting more space, a higher quality of life and the opportunity to work from home, which is simply not feasible without a home. Unsurprisingly, there were 6.12 million existing home sales in the U.S. last year, the highest figure in 15 years, and that total came despite the disruption of COVID in viewing and reviewing homes. We see much macro strength ahead in a market that is still far from being fully digitized and should benefit from rising employment and from interest rates that while on an incline, remain close to historic lows. In the second quarter, Digital Real Estate Services reported 35% revenue growth and 25% segment EBITDA growth. Listing volume improved noticeably at REA. While realtor.com reinvested in valuable adjacencies and continue to generate strong revenue growth despite relatively low U.S. housing inventory levels. As of December, according to comScore, realtor traffic growth exceeded that of Zillow and Trulia for 23 straight months, which is vindication of our resolute focus on our core mission and customers. We were not mired in the capricious calendar sec of House Flipping. In Australia, REA reported revenue growth of 56%, which includes the integration of Mortgage Choice. The tapering of rapid house price rises has been accompanied by a flurry of new listings, even though the COVID situation remained somewhat unpredictable. And one state, Western Australia has chosen not-so-splended isolation. The Australian government is expecting an economic renaissance over the next year or so, and that should benefit REA and all of our businesses in that country. Dow Jones had a superb quarter with 14% revenue growth and a 32% increase in segment EBITDA at $144 million. Bear in mind that these outstanding numbers come on top of a particularly strong quarter a year ago, underscoring the scale of Dow Jones achievements. We are successfully building upon success. Subscriptions expanded across the Dow Jones portfolio, and there was 23% advertising revenue growth in the quarter. Risk and Compliance reported a revenue increase of 17%, the 26th successive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. To emphasize, 26 successive quarters of double-digit revenue growth. Total Dow Jones subscriptions, including IBD, rose 17% in the quarter, reaching approximately 4.7 million. And the Wall Street Journal's total subs exceeded 3.6 million with nearly 3 million of them being digital-only, an increase of 19% year-over-year. To be clear, these are core subscribers who are signing up to a premium product at a premium retail price. Our ability to offer high-margin professional products will certainly be enhanced by the integration of OPIS and Base Chemicals, both of which have still growing traditional businesses and rapidly expanding offerings in renewables. We plan to use Dow Jones expertise to create truly verifiable carbon products and prices in a market that is patently immature and lacking in transparency and veracity. And we expect the pressure for credible disclosure to be an additional source of revenue for our Risk and Compliance business. For clarity, these two new businesses have revenue bases that are close to 100% digital and recurring. They are highly profitable with healthy revenue growth and modest CapEx requirements. We expect that investors will be able to see clearly the positive impact in coming quarters. That these deals were done at rather attractive multiples is self-evidently a bonus for our investors. Book Publishing posted record numbers a year ago and the growth continued inexorably in Q2. This continuing success is thanks to the diverse front list and deep backlist at HarperCollins, augmented over the past year by the opportunistic acquisition of the Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books & Media segment. Notable success was seen with Ree Drummond’s The Pioneer Woman Cooks-Super Easy! and Dave Grohl’s, The Storyteller. Looking ahead, we have high hopes for the Paris Apartment by Lucy Foley, another David Williams installment in is superlative best-selling World’s Worst series and what may well be the most telling book of the Trump administration, One Damn Thing After Another by Bill Barr, who was Attorney General and had a remarkable career before that service. Having read the text, I can report that this is a brilliantly written, profoundly important work, which will share thoughtful light on a turbulent period in the country's history. Also note in the second quarter, Harlequin launched Harlequin Plus, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription service that will appeal to romantics around the world. The app and website will give subscribers an opportunity to have a literally liaison with book bundles, e-books, movies and games. This multimedia offering is yet another example of the clever contemporary leveraging of our world-class content. News Media had a particularly strong quarter with segment EBITDA up 68%. That outstanding performance reflected growth in advertising, the benefits of the deals with the Big Tech platforms, sensible sustained cost discipline and the benefit of savvy product and technology investments made in recent years. The robust advertising results up 17% in the quarter, were evident at all major mastheads across both print and digital. Our digital trends are particularly pleasing, which speaks to the value of our global network and improvements in our understanding of permission data. It also reflects the sage leadership of Michael Miller in Australia, Rebecca Brooks in the U.K. and both Sean Giancola and Keith Poole at the New York Post. News Corp Australia showed a highly noteworthy improvement in profit contribution with digital paid subscriptions scaling to nearly 910,000 and the intelligent expansion into digital adjacencies. The New York Post had an especially successful Q2 with an appreciable contribution to segment EBITDA, thanks to a resounding advertising performance and its vast and growing digital audience. We recorded 160 million unique users in the months of December. The post increase in profit contribution has, it is fair to say, it exceeded even our demanding expectations. News U.K. had its highest second quarter profit contribution since fiscal 2011, helped by an acceleration in digital paid subscriber growth. In addition, the Sun's traffic has surged with global monthly uniques for December, up 25% to $163 million, and our fledgling U.S. Sun site growing rapidly. It's worth reiterating and pondering for a moment, some of those astounding numbers. Based on internal metrics, as of December, we had 160 million uniques for the New York Post, 163 million uniques for the Sun, over 80 million uniques for realtor.com and 123 million uniques with Dow Jones. That is certainly a firm foundation for network growth. In the U.K., Wireless made a positive contribution to News Media's revenue and segment EBITDA growth. We're also looking forward to the launch of talkTV, which will be available on platforms, including linear TV and OTT. The channel will take full advantage of our talent and content in the U.K. and via the global deal with Piers Morgan, our platforms in the U.S. and Australia. It will be high quality, low cost and certainly impactful. Subscription Video services benefit from increasing subscriptions and decreasing churn. Thanks to the ongoing appeal of our streaming platforms, the high quality of our technology, our increasingly sophisticated understanding of audience data and the depth and broad appeal of our unparalleled entertainment, sports and news offerings. Sports seasonality is always a factor in Australia, but our total streaming subscribers expanded by 66% year-over-year, with Binge exceeding 1 million subscribers and Flash, our news aggregation service in its infancy. In total, as of December, we had almost 2.3 million streaming subs, representing 56% of Foxtel's total subscriber base, which was 4.1 million. It's worth noting that in addition to the increase in streaming subs, broadcast churn was at a three-year note. The team, led by Siobhan McKenna and Patrick Delaney is executing successfully on our strategy to scale streaming, having developed world-class technology and compelling user interface. We are increasingly confident in Foxtel's future and thus actively looking at ways to maximize its value and ensure that we can build on that success. We are delighted with the patent progress at News Corp, but certainly not complacent as we contemplate the exciting potential in our company, which we will relentlessly realize for our investors. Our trajectory has been transformed despite the vicissitudes of the virus is a testament to the inherent potential of the businesses and the enduring culture of the company. There is no doubt that we will thoughtfully review our current structure and be institutionally introspective on behalf of shareholders. We have made many timely disposals and self-evidently successful purchases and are committed to maximizing value for those who have invested in our company. While our profits and revenues are at record levels, we are certainly far from stated and will never be complacent. We firmly believe the best quarters and years are yet to come. Now for more details about the most profitable quarter since our reincarnation in 2013, Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. As Robert mentioned, we are delighted with our second quarter and first half results, marked by strong revenue growth, further margin expansion and record high total segment EBITDA. Fiscal 2022 second quarter total revenues were over $2.7 billion, up 13%, reflecting strong revenue growth across the company with our three-core pillars, Digital Real Estate Services, Dow Jones and Book Publishing growing 19%. Total segment EBITDA was $586 million, higher than the prior year by 18% and a record high total segment EBITDA for the company since separation. Excluding acquisitions, currency fluctuations and other items disclosed in the release, adjusted revenues and adjusted total segment EBITDA rose 8% and 16%, respectively. Reported EPS were $0.40 as compared to $0.39 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.44 in the quarter compared to $0.34 in the prior year. During the quarter, we commenced our share buyback and announced the acquisition of Base Chemicals. As Robert mentioned, we anticipate both the OPIS and Base Chemicals acquisitions to close in the first half of calendar 2022. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services. Segment revenues were $456 million, an increase of 35% compared to the prior year. The results include the acquisition of Mortgage Choice and the consolidation of REA India, formerly Elara at REA. On an adjusted basis, segment revenues increased 22%. Segment EBITDA rose 25% to $178 million or 29% on an adjusted basis. We continue to see higher investment spending at Move and at REA, but at a more moderated rate than the first quarter, notably at Move. Move's revenues were $169 million or up 9% year-over-year off the back of 28% revenue growth in the prior year, primarily driven by the historically high lead volumes, which rose over 30% last year. Real estate revenues improved by 13% and accounted for 86% of total revenues. We saw higher revenues from the traditional lead generation business, fueled by higher yields and increased penetration from Market VIP Move’s hybrid product. Referral offerings accounted for approximately 32% of total revenues and continued to benefit from record high home prices and higher referral fees despite lower transaction volume. Encouragingly, close rates also improved. Average monthly unique users for the second quarter were $85 million, up 6% over the prior year. Like the first quarter, revenue growth was partially offset by the divestiture of Top Producer in March, negatively impacting revenues by approximately 3 percentage points. Overall, as anticipated, lead volume declines moderated from the first quarter, down 9%, and we are now seeing the emergence of more typical seasonal patterns. Importantly, lead volume is up 18% compared to pre-pandemic levels. Yields remain robust given strong agent demand, which is more than offsetting the impact from lower lead volume. Expanding into adjacencies, including new homes and rentals and establishing partnerships like the recently announced Open Door and Orchid Life[ph] partnerships in the seller's marketplace remain a key focus in the second half. REA had another outstanding quarter with revenues rising 56% year-on-year on a reported basis to $287 million, which includes the $41 million contribution from the Mortgage Choice acquisition and $10 million from REA India. As a reminder, financial service revenues are reflected on a gross basis in the revenue line in our financial disclosures and broker commissions are reflected in costs. REA enjoyed very favorable trends this quarter, including a 22% increase in Australian residential new buy listings double the first quarter rate with Sydney, up 39%; and Melbourne, up 25%, aided by easing of lockdown restrictions. REA also continued to benefit from higher yields, increased depth penetration and product mix. Financial services not only benefited from the integration of Mortgage Choice but also saw record levels of applications and settlements. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $498 million, down approximately 3% on both a reported and adjusted basis and relatively stable from the prior quarter, as the declines in Foxtel residential broadcast revenue and continued COVID impacts on commercial venues were partially offset by strong growth in streaming revenues, which now account for 19% of circulation and subscription revenues. Total closing paid subscribers across the Foxtel Group reached over 3.9 million at quarter end, up 19% year-over-year, improving from the prior quarter rate by 2 percentage points. Total subscribers, including trialists, were approximately 4.1 million, the highest on record. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher Binge and Kayo subscribers, partially offset by the expected decline in residential broadcast subscribers, albeit at a more moderated rate than the first quarter. In aggregate, total streaming subscribers rose 66% from the prior year to almost $2.3 million, of which approximately $2.2 million were paying subscribers. Streaming products in the aggregate reached 56% of Foxtel's total subscriber base. Binge had an outstanding quarter, increasing its total subscribers to over 1 million similar to Kayo. Paying subscribers more than doubled from the prior year to 928,000. Binge added 126,000 paid subscribers in the quarter, almost double the net adds of the first quarter. Binge's growth continued to be driven by the depth of its content library and the popularity of new shows, including a Binge original show, Love Me. Kayo subscribers followed seasonal patterns with total subscribers slightly down from the first quarter, consistent with the prior two years. The winter codes of AFL and NRL remain key acquisition drivers for Kayo with cricket and motorsports providing essential viewing over the spring and summer months to satisfy the year-round sports fans. Australia's winter sports codes will resume in the third quarter with the return of AFL, NRL, Netball and Supercars. Broadcast churn declined to 13%, the lowest level since the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and down 4.5 percentage points versus last year. The Foxtel team continued to focus on product enhancements and higher ARPU subscribers, resulting in broadcast ARPU increasing almost 3% from the prior year to AUD82 and helping to mitigate subscriber volume declines. Foxtel ended the quarter with 1.6 million residential broadcast subscribers with the sequential decline being the lowest since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Commercial subscribers increased from the first quarter as parts of Australia opened up and were flat versus the prior year at 218,000. Segment EBITDA in the quarter of $86 million was down 31%, driven by one-off events such as the Ashes and the phasing of certain sports rights costs together with investments in marketing and technology. Costs were consistent with our outlook commentary, and we continue to expect full year total cost to be relatively flat if not down slightly in local currency, helping to deliver strong cash generation at Foxtel. Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones continued its strong performance in the quarter with revenues of $508 million, up 14% compared to the prior year, with digital revenues accounting for 72% of total revenues this quarter, up 2 percentage points from last year. Adjusted revenues, which notably excludes the impact of IBD, rose 10%. Circulation and subscription revenues increased 12%, including 13% circulation revenue growth, primarily reflecting the acquisition of IBD and continued strong volume gains in digital-only subscriptions. Digital net adds improved from the first quarter with Dow Jones adding 148,000 digital-only subscribers, including 115,000 at the Wall Street Journal. Professional Information Business revenues rose 9% and accounted for 25% of revenues. Revenue growth from Risk and Compliance increased 17%, driven by a higher entry rate and strong growth across the Americas, Europe and Asia, and we continue to see modest revenue growth in Newswires. Advertising revenues, which accounted for 28% of revenues this quarter grew 23% to $141 million, the highest quarterly advertising revenue in the last five years. Digital advertising revenues remained robust, up 18% on top of 29% growth in the second quarter of the prior year and accounted for 56% of total advertising revenues. We continue to see strong yield improvement led by direct display. Print advertising continued to surprise on the upside with 29% growth year-over-year, partly due to easy prior year compares but also due to the strength in technology and B2C categories. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 32% to $144 million despite the 43% growth last year, with EBITDA margins expanding by almost four percentage points to over 28%. That represents the highest margin since News Corp's acquisition in 2007. Total costs increased 8% with approximately half due to the consolidation of IBD. On an adjusted basis, revenues and segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 10% and 29%, respectively. At Book Publishing, HarperCollins posted 13% revenue growth to $617 million and segment EBITDA rose 3% to $107 million. Adjusted revenues rose 4% versus the prior year, while adjusted segment EBITDA declined 7%. We are particularly pleased with these results given the global supply chain pressures, which impacted manufacturing and freight costs during the quarter and the tough prior year compare, which saw 65% segment EBITDA growth last year. Results this quarter benefited from the acquisition of HMH, strong frontlist performance and healthy industry dynamics with consumption levels still significantly higher than pre-pandemic levels. Digital sales rose 8% this quarter and accounted for 17% of consumer sales with growth driven by downloadable audio books. HMH continued to perform according to plan. For the quarter, HMH contributed $50 million in revenues and $10 million in segment EBITDA. Turning to News Media. The momentum in this segment continued during the quarter, revenues were $638 million, up 11% versus the prior year. The biggest driver to the growth was the continued rebound in the advertising market as well as the strong growth in circulation and subscription revenues helped by the contribution from our recent content licensing revenues. Within the segment, revenues at News Corp Australia and News UK increased 14% and 7%, respectively. Wireless Group and the New York Post also continued to show strong top line growth. Adjusted revenues for the segment increased 10% compared to the prior year. Circulation and subscription revenues rose 9%, benefiting from strong digital subscriber growth, incremental revenues from the platform agreements and cover price increases. Advertising revenues increased 17% compared to the prior year with notable strength in digital and a recovery in print advertising across all our key mastheads. Advertising revenues in Australia with the easing of lockdown conditions rose 11% in both reported and local currency. News UK advertising revenues rose 23% or 21% in local currency with impressive digital advertising growth. In fact, at the sum, digital advertising surpassed print for the first time, driven by improved number of page views and higher yields. In the U.S., the trends at the New York Post remained strong with higher yields helping to drive advertising revenue performance 19% higher year-over-year. Segment EBITDA of $111 million increased $45 million or 68% compared to the prior year, reflecting the higher revenues. News Corp Australia contributed $35 million to the segment EBITDA growth, and both News UK and the New York Post were positive contributors to the growth. Segment margins topped 17%, the highest since we have separated in 2013. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 65%. I would now like to talk about some themes for the upcoming quarter. While we remain very encouraged with our strong year-to-date results and our trajectory thus far, we are clearly mindful of the uncertainty and lack of visibility from the ongoing impacts of the pandemic, including the potential cost impacts from continued supply chain pressures, particularly in Book Publishing and our mastheads as well as wage inflation and talent retention across the company. At Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential new buy listings for January rose 14%. REA anticipates growth rates to slow in the second half as it cycled strong prior period listing volumes and potential impacts around the upcoming federal election. Please refer to REA for more specific outlook commentary. At Move, we continue to see strong yields despite lower inventory. We expect to continue to reinvest in Move as we drive the core business and expand into relevant adjacencies, particularly in new homes and rentals. We expect the year-over-year growth rate of investment at Move in the second half to be relatively similar to the second quarter, but notably lower than the first quarter rate. In Subscription Video Services, we remain pleased with the ongoing performance of the streaming products and the efforts to improve broadcast ARPU and churn. We continue to expect full year costs in local currency to be relatively flat versus the prior year, and we continue to monitor commercial venue trends given the recent spike in COVID cases in the region. At Dow Jones, overall trends across the business remains strong with advertising and subscription growth continuing to perform well. We expect to continue to reinvest in digital to drive consumer subscriptions and to further enhance our professional information business offerings. And to reiterate, we expect both the OPIS and Base Chemicals acquisitions to close in the first half of calendar 2022, and we will incur onetime transaction costs related to these acquisitions. In Book Publishing, similar to the first half, overall trends remain favorable despite lapping the benefits from COVID-19 and strong growth from the sales of the Bridgeton series in the third quarter last year and the ongoing supply chain pressures. At News Media, overall advertising trends remain favorable, and we remain cautiously optimistic about the second half, albeit recognizing that visibility is limited. We continue to expect incremental revenues into nine figures from the recent platform agreements with the majority of that allocated to News Media. We do expect some reinvestment to the segment in the second half given the strong year-to-date performance focused on new product initiatives, marketing and the News UK TV project. On other, we expect costs in the second half to be slightly higher than the first half due to the phasing of certain costs. And lastly, we continue to expect full year CapEx to be up $100 million versus the prior year, albeit we are trending lower than that in the first half. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kane Hannan: Good morning guys. Just two quick ones for me. Just firstly, Move. The revenue growth did slow down in the quarter despite the improving lead decline. Just talk a little bit about the pricing tailwinds you're seeing so how we think about that into the second half? And then just quickly on News Media. The payments from the tech platforms, were that the full run rate in the second quarter? Or should we expect those to continue to grow into the second half?
Robert Thomson: Kane, I'll take those two questions. First of all, the macro trends at REALTOR generally are specious. I mean, clearly, there's some fluctuation in the U.S. housing market. But the overall impetus for families and individuals to buy larger homes to work from home to move location to take advantage of labor opportunities and certainly of those job opportunities and mobility when as a positive of employees are all positive influences. First-time mortgages are still at near historic lows. And so financially, home purchases make sense, particularly as rents are rising. You'll not see reduction in refis, but that's not a market to which we have exposure. And the digitalization of the U.S. property market is still at an early stage, a very early stage and we're poised to take advantage of the opportunity in the short, the medium and the long term. As for the big digital payments, you are starting to see the run rate, but it does – those payments alone are really base payments, and so they don't take into account advertising and shared advertising and generally speaking, the improvement in the commercial rates for distribution of our content nor do they yet reflect the impact of the enhanced deal with Apple.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, I'd just like to add for the phasing of those content cost, with licensing costs that we've got in – so Q2 was slightly higher than Q1, and we would expect the second half of the year to be slightly higher again as they continue to ramp, particularly given showcase hasn't launched in the U.S.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Kane. Jess, we will take our next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Entcho Raykovski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. I've got two as well. The first one is, I guess, a follow-up to those comments on the content licensing revenues. I'm just interested in your view on the sustainability of the earnings uplift at each of Dow Jones and News Media? And for News Media, in particular, do you expect this quarter and this year to reflect a peak? Or can you at least sustain these earnings. You're obviously investing in the second half, but just how you view the earnings trajectory would be helpful. And then secondly, I think this has been a pretty clear theme in markets. But given the slowdown in subscribers noted by some of the global streaming operators, what are the dynamics that you've seen in the Australian streaming market. I mean do you see any risk to the three ambitions that you put out last September for Foxtel subscribers to get to over [indiscernible] million. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, on the first question around the News Media numbers, clearly, the big digital agreements had an impact. But I think to focus on that alone is to actually not give you credit to the companies with a News UK, News Australia or the New York Post in the way that those businesses have been transformed in recent years. And it has been a heavy lift, as you know, in Australia, we had to close many of our print editions and regions and communities and enhance our digital service. So those are more fundamental to the transform fortunes. And when you look at the increase in EBITDA over the past year – the same quarter last year, 11.5%; most recent quarter, 17.4%; News UK advertising, up 21% in local currency; News Australia advertising, up 11%; New York Post, up 19%. These are fundamental shifts in the businesses. And there's no reason to think that those fundamental shifts won't have an enduring impact. As for streaming, the Australian situation is rather different to the prevailing trends in the U.S. Foxtel really is the village square for video. And we have many partners there in a way that's not common in the U.S., Australia, in that sense is rather like the Galapagos Islands, a unique viewing ecosystem. And the recent rapid growth in BINGE is actually exceeding our expectations. And Kayo is a very different sports streaming service with the most important watchable winter sports, along with the increasingly compelling Formula 1 and supercars, among many others. That complete content package is certainly and consistently are compelling. I mean that's appointment viewing day after day, week after week, month after month. That's not churn data, churn some. [ph]
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, I'd just like to add to Robert's comments in relation to News Media. And he's absolutely right. I mean the transformation of that segment, in particular, has been great, and we've been really delighted with it. And just to give some context of the $65 million increase in revenue, $42 million of that was advertising, $23 million was circulation and subscriptions, which is where those content licensing fees are. So a lot of it was advertising – a lot of that's being fueled by digital advertising and the work that the teams have done around driving those audiences and converting their businesses to digital and benefiting from obviously strong yields. And also the cost work that they've done, they've done a huge amount of cost work and heavy lifting over the past couple of years, which has really helped to underpin those results. So it does give us confidence about how those businesses are going to continue going forward.
Mike Florin: Thank you. And Jess, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber at Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. What's your general thought here on this inflationary environment we have going on right here as you think across your portfolio, I mean, obviously, your numbers were really good here in the prior quarter. The outlook I hear you talking about here is quite favorable as well. But what's your general thoughts on inflation, what you think it's doing to your top line, but also your revenues – I'm sorry, your revenues as well as your costs. And I do have a nitpick question, Susan. Your overall cost for the company for the quarter, if you adjust for currency and acquisitions, how much was that up placed in the quarter year-over-year? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, I will make a quick observation about inflation and then Susan will follow up on both subjects. The inflationary pressures vary segment by segment and country by country. And this was obviously going to be an important issue of challenge. And clearly, from quite a way ago, not transitory. And so we started our planning long ago, asking each of the businesses to be cost conscious to look at whether open positions needed to be filled to be focused on retention payments in an intelligent way to ensure, though, that our teams also feel as though they're part of a purposeful journey which they most certainly are. The cultural component of loyalty complements the complement component. Susan?
Susan Panuccio: And Craig, just on your question. So reported costs were up 11% and adjusted costs were up 5%.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Craig. Jess, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Gould at Loop Capital.
Alan Gould: Well, thank you for taking the question. I've got two, please. Some of the digital platforms are talking about supply chain issues and inflation impacting our marketers desire to advertise and impacting advertising, you have a global perspective, wondering what you're seeing with respect to that. I know your advertising is looking quite good. And then secondly, the platform fees that you're getting from the digital players, what is the opportunity for the advertising subscription revenue on top of what you're already receiving on licensing fees?
Robert Thomson: Susan, would you like to present?
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to the platform fees, I mean we are working through, obviously, driving continued audiences and looking and working with those tech platforms in order to build out those audiences. And so that will help us contribute to growing the advertising client. And particularly if we can grow the overall subscriber pie, then we've got a high-quality audience that we can look at. Just in relation to the comments that other companies may have made around supply chain pressures and advertising. We – as you mention, we haven't seen that actually impact us from an advertising perspective. We've had great growth actually across digital, and we've been really pleasantly surprised with the bounce back of print advertising, obviously off relatively low comps from the prior year, but it still has exceeded our expectations. So we're not really experiencing that at the moment, and we haven't seen that coming through our results.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Alan. Jess, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Darren Leung with Macquarie. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Darren Leung: Thanks for taking the time. Just one question from me. Just a bit of color around the Professional Information Business, 9% growth, please. So it looks like risking appliance is going pretty well, but that would sort of imply that it's affecting the Newswire sort of partners sort of growing a bit slower. Just any color around price or subscribers coming off or anything there, please? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: Darren, I would make a general observation. That business is itself being transformed by Almar and the team at Dow Jones, you're seeing obviously, the success of Risk and Compliance. Those of you who use Factiva will notice that the interface is changing in a way that's frankly more user-friendly. And the acquisition of both OPIS and Base Chemicals will itself have a positive effect on the Professional Information Business, including Newswires, which will already have a focus on energy, chemicals, renewables, carbon, but that will obviously increase. And similarly with Factiva we're already, as you no doubt know, we have a remarkable array of sources. It's a real Aladdin's cave of content that will both complement the existing offering at OPIS and Base Chemicals, but also overall strengthen those offerings because it's – I think it's a fair observation – that in recent years, those businesses haven't been growing at the same rate as Risk and Compliance. But that's why a lot of work is going into transforming them and you'll see the results in the coming quarters, I suspect.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Darren. Jess, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Hi. Two quick ones, if I may. For your streaming services, can you please talk about any recent trends in the conversion rate of trial subscribers to paying prescribers? And Susan on free cash flows, do you expect that working capital buildup to reverse in the next couple of quarters? Or should we expect free cash flow to remain sort of impressed relative to earnings growth?
Robert Thomson: Well, I'll make just a general observation about streaming it to Foxtel, which is overall, you can see the strong growth and the increasing portion of Foxtel revenue ascribed to streaming, while at the same time, and I think this is particularly noteworthy, where it three-year low with broadcast churn. And so the fears that some had that the increase in streaming would lead to a market deterioration of broadcast or unfounded. Susan?
Susan Panuccio: And just in relation to free cash flow, yes, we will expect to see some reversal of that working capital as we work through the year, and we would definitely expect to see the second half have very, very strong free cash flow relative to the first.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Brian. Jess, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Drew Figdor with TIG Advisors. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Edmonds Bafford: This is Edmonds Bafford for Drew Figdor. I had a quick question around the OPIS and Base Chemical business. Congratulations on actually getting them at a very good valuation, but I was a bit surprised by the timing. I have it kind of the process being done by the first quarter of 2022, and I have it in my model on – and kind of in the back half of the third quarter. So what is driving that first half of calendar 2022 timing?
Robert Thomson: Well, Edmonds, obviously, we'd like to get the deals done as quickly as possible because we cherish these companies because we can see how valuable are and what they'll add to Dow Jones and to use core more generally. And you will see in our accounts in coming quarters and years, the value of them. Clearly, we're subject to a regulatory calendar, and there are sometimes variables, unpredictable variables in that. But we're fairly confident that the OPIS deal will close next month and the Base Chemicals will close a couple of months after that.
Edmonds Bafford: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mike Florin: Thank you. Jess, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: And at the moment, I do not have any other questions holding. So I'll turn the conference back for any additional or closing comments.
Mike Florin: Great. Well, thank you, Jess, and thank you for all participating. Hope to talk to you soon. Have a wonderful day. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the News Corp First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Indiscernible] will be on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Bobby. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp 's fiscal first quarter 2022 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and is now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive, and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call will include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said.  News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to diver contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to Non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. We are journeying through the contours of our complex commercial landscape that has been a staling test of the metal of companies and countries. For us, the first quarter was the most profitable of its kind since the relaunch of News Corp in 2013. Continuing the trends that were evidenced in the last financial year and building on those rapid rates of growth. And we continue to have much confidence in our immediate and long-term prospects. I would like to honor the work done by our employees around the world.  They have cut with extraordinary exigencies and provided a prevalence service to their customers and to their communities that the Company's purpose has endured and indeed thrive through such challenging times is a tribute to repute and Lachlan Murdoch and the culture they created and have curated. Revenues for the quarter were $2.5 billion, an increase of 18%, while our profitability rose 53%. I should repeat that figure for clarity, profitability rose 53%. It is worth bearing in mind that this increase follows a 21% increase in profitability in the first quarter last year. Every one of our key operating segments posted significant revenue expansion and strong segment EBITDA growth. I would like to reiterate that our Board authorized $1 billion stock repurchase program in September. As we previously indicated, we have refrained from executing on the buyback during this quiet period, but that period officially ends in coming days. It is a very different buyback to that which was approved in 2013, when we were unsure about share dislocation at the time of the separation from Fox. We now have confidence in our performance, our resilience, our ability to generate cash for our investors, and our potential.  Bolstering that confidence is the fact that our recent acquisitions are exceeding our expectations and our core segments are thriving. We now have an optionality across the businesses and significantly more flexibility in our ability to return capital to our investors. One note where they saw in that optionality is our ability to capitalize on the Peyton success of the Foxtel streaming strategy, which was highlighted during the Foxtel strategy day. We have been working through the potential permutations and will continue to provide updates as appropriate. In the meantime, it is worth noting that subscription video services segment EBITDA, rose a rather healthy 46% in the First Quarter.  As for our campaign to hold big digital accountable, clearly there have been pronounced and profound developments in recent times. We are pleased with the agreements we have reached and the work it has progressed on revaluing content. But we have always regarded the digital ad market as a separate issue. And the release of an underacted compliant by the Texas Attorney General last month, has highlighted the extent of the problem. The manipulative language was deeply concerning. We are obviously considering our position on this important matter and want to ensure that in the future, the Admark properly recognized the value of our audience and of our inventory.  Now, turning to the first quarter. Dow Jones recorded a 15% increase in revenues compared to the same quarter last year, with segment EBITDA surging 32%. That profitability was a record for the first quarter. Revenue at Risk & Compliance grew 26%, meaning that we have had 25 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. Overall, the Professional Information Business experienced a solid 13% increase in revenues. And that should expand when we complete the acquisition of OPIS, which is expected to close early next calendar year. The past few weeks have highlighted the importance of intelligence about energy and carbon markets. and we fully expect to become a world leader in that area.  I've been talking at Dow Jones expanded a first quarter record of 29%, with digital advertising climbing 38%. Meanwhile, Subscription growth remains robust with a 19% increase across our consumer products to approximately 4.6 million with circulation revenues rising approximately 13%. The ongoing transformation of Dow Jones continues to pace, with digital now accounting for 75% of the segment's revenues. Digital Real Estate Services was again, a source of express growth with move, the operator of realtor.com, seeing revenue surge 30%. The U.S. housing market is sturdy with price rises moderating, more properties coming to the market, and longer listing times, all of which work in our favor.  As for the house flipping flip-flop by Zillow, we have always been focused on the digital markets, not on bricks-and-mortar and certainly not on sorting out the septic tank or papering over wall cracks. We concentrated on our core competency and never took on excessive Balance Sheet risk or chased what appear to us to be very low margin returns. It appears Zillow now finally understands what we always news to -- knew to be true. And that said, as an open platform, we do see opportunities to be a marketplace for the industry, including iBuyers such as Open-door, providing them with the same kind of dependable and trusted information that agents and consumers alike have valued.  In Australia, REA had a remarkable First Quarter with revenues burgeoning 62%. That is correct, 62%. Australia has slowly been emancipated from severe lockdowns, and access to homes for sale has been limited. So, we believe that positive market conditions will largely continue as the country returns to a semblance of normalcy. One Harbinger is that site traffic was strong in Q1 was 129 million average visits, up 13% year-over-year. That is essentially an average of five visits for every person in the country. That book business is thriving and even more so, with the successful integration of HMH.  Excluding the $50 million contribution of HMH, book sales have reset in the post-pandemic period, to around 22% higher than the same period in 2019. There has been a resurgence of interest in printed books as their tactility and talismanic quality is increasingly important at a time when many people have screen fatigue. We sold notable success in Q1 with the Bridgerton Series, The Authoritarian Moment by Ben Shapiro, and the Cellist by Daniel Silva.  In the months ahead, we have high hopes for the Pioneer Woman Coke super-easy by Ree Drummond. The storyteller by Dave Grohl, and Gangster Granny strikes again by David Williams. In subscription video services, the first quarter built on the significant progress made in FY '21 in reshaping the Foxtel group as a streaming LED business, would improve revenues, profitability, and cash generation. For the second consecutive quarter, growth in Kayo and Binge revenues clearly offset the not-unexpected modest decline in Retail Broadcast revenues. As of September 30, total subscribers were approximately 4 million, up 18% year-over-year. This includes a record 2.2 million total streaming subscribers, up 68% thanks to Kayo and Binge. While there will always be a certain seasonality in sports viewing in Australia, Kayo is quickly establishing itself as a year-round provider as it now offers 50 sports in total, and is furnishing and gauging off-season programming for the football [Indiscernible] ahead of the new season early next year.  Foxtel 's appeal was further broadened with the launch of the Flash Streaming News Service, featuring a [Indiscernible] collection of 20 local and global news sources with content for all political persuasion. That breadth combined with a cutting-edge world-class user interface adds to the luster of Foxtel, and is indicative of its [Indiscernible]. We're now obviously in a position to be even more ambitious. So, Foxtel and are always seeking to maximize its undoubted potential. News Media was a strong contributor to News Corp profitability this quarter with segment EBITDA of $34 million in the quarter after a loss in the same period last year.  That is a tribute to Rebekah Brooks, Michael Miller, and Sean Giancola (ph.), and their talented committed teams. There transformation was in part due to the benefits of our deals with the major tech platforms, notably Google and Facebook. Together, these deals will contribute annual revenues in the 9-figures to News Corp, clearly putting our News businesses on a more profitable path. Despite the successive lock-downs, our Australian business is faring well, showing significant improvement in profitability thanks to cost initiatives and rising digital advertising revenues, and used milestones subscription, which improved to 850,000, up 24% year-over-year.  News U.K. performed admirably, particularly in advertising. Both digital and print and in subscriptions. The Times and Sunday Times, contributed meaningfully to profits and their digital paid subscriptions have now reached 380,000. Wireless and radio network increased its revenue and profit contribution with exclusive football broadcasts, drawing large audiences and increased advertising. Wireless reported record rates of 6 million unique listeners per week according to the most recent, rage our survey.  A broadcast expertise is assisting our other media properties in the UK and will complement Talk TV, which is scheduled to launch in the early months of 2022 with Piers Morgan taking a global role across our broadcast and news properties. We believe Talk TV will be contemporary, low-cost, and high impact. In the U.S. the New York post, once legendary loss-making, is now contributing to segment profitability. And is an increasingly important voice in the national political divide.  Its digital network reached 151 million unique users in September, almost half of the U.S. population, according to Google analytics. Digital Advertising revenue was 28% higher compared to the same quarter last year. And print advertising increased 62%, recovering from the COVID related lows of last year. The Company built on its momentum from last fiscal in the first quarter, and we remain optimistic about growth prospects going forward.  Clearly, there are macroeconomic pressures affecting certain companies, but our increasingly digital orientation has bolstered our ability to weather the pandemic and deal with the economic uncertainty in some of our markets. We are confident in our employees, confident in our businesses, and very confident in our prospects. And now, for further detail -- for further details and invaluable insight, I cede the floor to Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. As Robert mentioned, strong operation dimension that, made last year so successful has continued into our first fiscal quarter results. Fiscal 2022, first quarter total revenues, were over $2.5 billion up 18% marked by higher revenue growth across all our key segments, notably at Digital Real Estate Services. Total segment EBITDA, was $410 million up 53% versus the prior year. The highest quarterly growth rate since 2017, despite the challenges from the lockdowns in Australia and comparing against 21% total segment EBITDA growth in the prior year.  Excluding acquisitions, currency fluctuations, and other items disclosed in the release, adjusted revenues and adjusted total segment EBITDA, rose 10% and 47% respectively. Reported EPS were $0.33 as compared to $0.06 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.23 in the quarter compared to $0.08 in the prior year. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services, segment revenues were $426 million, an increase of 47% compared to the prior year, on an adjusted basis, revenues increased 29%. Segment EBITDA rose 16% to a $138 million or 21% on an adjusted basis.  Despite the higher investment spending at move and REA, and tough comparisons against the prior year cost declines implemented to counter the impact of COVID. Move 's revenues were $180 million, a 30% increase year-over-year, with real estate revenues rising 39% and accounting for 87% of total revenues. Revenue growth was again led by the traditional lead-generation business benefiting from strong agent demand and improved sell-through and yields. We're also seeing early success with the roll-out of Market VIP, a hybrid product offered to Move's top-performing agents.  The referral model saw strong revenue growth, and accounted for approximately 32% of revenues driven by record high in values and increased transaction volume. Revenue growth was partially offset by the divestiture of Top Producer in March, negatively impacting revenues by $5 million or 4%. We time prices at record highs and supply limited, lead volumes fell approximately 18% compared to over 40% growth last year, all be it, with lead still around 15% higher than pre -pandemic levels.  Encouragingly, new listings are up from their recent lows and we have seen moderation of lead volume declines in September and October. Pricing remains robust given strong agent demand. REA had an exceptional quarter with revenues rising 62% year-over-year to $246 million including $7 million of 3% positive impact from currency fluctuations. Results benefited from $43 million of contribution from the Mortgage choice acquisition and $8 million from the consolidation of Elara, which is being re-branded to REA India.  The underlying performance was very encouraging, with Australian residential revenue growth driven by an increasing penetration, price increase, and favorable product mix. The revenue growth was also driven by an 11% increase in new buy listings despite lock-downs across multiple states, including restrictions on physical inspections in Melbourne. Melbourne listings rose 79%, while Sydney fell 7%. Financial services also benefited from highest settlements and submissions.  Please refer to REA 's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment, revenues for the quarter were $510 million up 3% versus the prior year benefiting from higher streaming revenues and the modest benefit from positive currency fluctuations, partially offset by lower broadcast and commercial subscription revenues. On an adjusted basis, revenues were flat. Total closing paid subscribers across Foxtel reached nearly 3.9 million as the quarter end up 17% year-over-year, with total subscribers including trialists approximately 4 million.  The increase was driven by continued growth in paid streaming subscribers, partially offset by a decline in broadcast subscribers and commercial subscriptions, which were exacerbated by the impact of the lockdowns in Australia. [Indiscernible] end of the quarter with approximately 1.1 million and 885,000 total subscribers respectively. In the aggregate, total paying streaming subscribers were up more than 69% to nearly $2.1 million and total streaming subscribers including trialist reached over $2.2 million.  Streaming products in the aggregate reached approximately 54% of Foxtel 's total paid subscriber base. Broadcast turn improved declining to 14% from 14.6% last year and 17.1% in the fourth quarter. Broadcast ARPU increased 4% from the prior year to $82 Australian, mitigating subscriber volume declines consistent with Foxtel strategy of focusing on higher ARPU subscribers and fewer low cost offers. Foxtel continues to see an improvement in subscriber mix as a percentage of higher-valued long continued subscribers continue to rise with a corresponding decline in churn rates.  Net declines for residential broadcast subscribers moderated sequentially with 1.6 million broadcast subscribers at quarter end, commercial subscribers were down over 30% from the fourth quarter to 162,000. And we do anticipate a recovery for commercial subscribers in the second half with the easing of restrictions. Product innovation continued with the launch of iQ5 and IP-enabled set-top box, the announcement of plans to partner with Comcast and Sky on the launch of Sky Glass, and the launch of a third streaming product slash, a dedicated live news streaming service featuring more than 20 local and global live new services. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was a $114 million, up 46% compared to the prior year.  The improvement was primarily driven by $34 million of lower sports costs benefiting from the $36 million of negative impact seen in the First Quarter of fiscal 2021, related to deferred sports costs from the Fourth Quarter of fiscal 2020. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 42%. Moving onto Dow Jones, Dow Jones delivered revenue of $444 million up 15% compared to the prior year with digital revenues accounting for 75% of total revenues this quarter, up 2% points from the prior year. Adjusted revenues, which notably excludes the impact of IBD, rose 9%. As Robert mentioned, both revenues and profitability with the highest First Quarter results since this acquisition.  Circulation and subscription revenues increased 12%, including 13% circulation revenue growth, primarily reflecting the acquisition of IBD and the continued strong volume gains in digital-only subscriptions. Dow Jones subscriptions to its consumer products increased to an average of approximately 4.6 million in the quarter, up 18% from the prior year. Off that, over 3.6 million were digital-only subscriptions, up 24% year-over-year. IBD accounted for 100,000 digital-only subscriptions, and a 128,000 in total subscriptions. Professional information business revenues rose 13% accelerating from the prior quarter. Revenue growth. From Risk & Compliance increased 26% driven by a higher entry rate and strong growth across the Americas, Europe, and Asia. We also saw modest improvement at [Indiscernible]. Advertising revenues, which accounted for 20% of revenues this quarter, grew 29% to $90 million, the highest First Quarter growth rate since acquisition.  Digital Advertising trends remained robust, up 38% on top of 14% growth in the First Quarter of the prior year an accounted for 61% of total advertising revenues. All categories performed above expectations, most notably in technology and finance, and we continue to see improving yields. Print advertising revenues were robust, rising 17% year-over-year, partially benefiting from the COVID-19 comparison. Dow Jones segment, EBITDA for the quarter rose 32% to $95 million with EBITDA margins improving by almost 3% points to 21%, despite an 11% increase in total cost, which included IBD and higher employee costs.  On an adjusted basis, segment revenues and EBITDA for the quarter rose 9% and 24% respectively. At book publishing, HarperCollins posted 19% revenue growth to $546 million and segment EBITDA rose 20% to $85 million. Adjusted revenue and EBITDA rose 7% and 10% respectively versus the prior year. Despite a difficult prior-year comparison, book consumption levels remain elevated, overall consumption across the industry remains higher than pre -pandemic levels and materially above the historical low single digit type revenue growth. This quarter benefited from a rebound in Christian Publishing, which was more exposed to the closure of retail stores in the prior year and higher sales in the UK.  General Books saw healthy growth benefiting from new releases coupled with higher backlist sales from the Bridgerton series by Julia Quinn. Digital sales raised 5% this quarter and accounted for 21% of consumer sales. The Barclays represented 62% of revenues, up 2% points from last year, underscoring the importance of the steady high-margin revenue stream and a key factor behind the acquisition of HMH. HMH integration continue to progress well, and is in the process of being integrated into a full imprint structure within HarperCollins.  We remain on track with our savings target of $20 million to be delivered within the first 2 years. Overall, HMH contributed $50 million in revenue, and $6 million in segment EBITDA this quarter. Turning to News Media, revenues for the quarter were $576 million up 18% versus the prior year, benefiting from the continued recovery in the advertising market, strong growth in circulation and subscription revenues, and a $25 million or 5% positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Within the segment, revenues at News UK and News Corp Australia increased 18% and 14% respectively.  Wireless Group and the New York post also showed strong top-line growth. Adjusted revenues to the segment increased 13% compared to the prior-year. Circulation and subscription revenues rose 16%, which included a $30 million or 5% benefit from currency fluctuations, strong digital subscriber growth, incremental revenues from our platform agreements, and cover price increases. Advertising revenues increased $39 million or 21% compared to the prior year. Benefiting from the COVID-19 comparison with particular strength in digital across our businesses.  On a reported basis, advertising revenues in Australia rose 5% or 2% in local currency, despite the negative impacts from the lockdowns. While News U.K. advertising revenues rose 36% or 28% in local currency. In the U.S., the trends remained strong with the New York Post posting 32% advertising revenue growth. Segment EBITDA of $34 million increased $56 million compared to the prior year, reflecting higher revenues, cost savings at News U.K. and News Corp Australia, and a modest positive contribution from the New York Post. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased $52 million to $30 million. I would now like to talk about some themes to the upcoming quarter.  Notwithstanding our strong results in the prior year, we remain encouraged by overall trends. Like many companies, we are closely monitoring supply-chain issues, particularly in book publishing in our mastheads as well as the impact of wage inflation on talent and retention. At Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential listing through October rose 16% and we are encouraged those restrictions on physical inspections, notably Melbourne [Indiscernible] east.  At move, we continue to see strong yield improvement despite the neat-term challenge on lead volume given the ongoing supply issues, like the first quarter, we expect to continue to reinvest in Move as we drive the core business and expand into relevant adjacencies. The rate of cost increase year -- one year in the first quarter was exacerbated by the COVID-19 savings initiatives in the prior-year across headcount and marketing, we expect more moderate year-over-year cost increases for the balance of the year.  In subscription video services, we remain pleased with the ongoing performance of Kayo and BINGE and the efforts to improve broadcast ARPU and Churn. We do expect seasonality in Kayo given the end of key winter codes, but look forward to our summer schedule with the Ashes and the Cricket World Cup in the second quarter. Costs are expected to be higher in the second quarter, most notably for entertainment and sports rights, as well as some higher marketing to support the launch of Flash, the new streaming offering. Overall, we continue to expect cost for the full year to be relatively stable in local currency.  At Dow Jones, overall trends across the business remains strong with advertising and subscriptions growth continuing to perform well. In book publishing, overall trends remained favorable despite lapping the benefits from COVID-19. We have a strong release lineup in the Second Quarter including titles from Ree Drummond [Indiscernible] At News Media, we continue to expect the segment to show profit improvement, partially benefit from the recent content licensing revenues.  We do expect some additional costs in the UK as we expand more into video content and leverage our key brands and mastered. CapEx was modestly higher in the first quarter, and we continue to expect full-year CapEx to be up a $100 million versus the prior year. And finally, we remain focused on driving strong and positive free cash flow generation for the year, with the first quarter free cash flow impacted by the timing of working capital payments. With that, let me hand it over to the Operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions]. If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure the mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. [Operator instructions]. Please limit your questions to one at a time. We will pause for just a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions. Our first question comes from Entcho Raykovski with Credit Suisse.
Entcho Raykovski : Hi Robert. Hi Susan. I've got one question, one just very quick follow up. Basically, you comment on maximizing value at Foxtel. Obviously, this has been widely reported in the press, but is an odd [Indiscernible] option you considering. And what's the potential timing on whatever considerations do you have? And then secondly, just, I know Robert you mentioned, [Indiscernible] winding down. They [Indiscernible] model. Do you expect to see any impact on Move? I mean, could that perhaps get [Indiscernible] closer to some agent to perhaps an indecent franchise bio Move, any comments would be helpful.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, on Foxtel. Look, it's inappropriate at this moment to discuss specific to the review. But clearly, we and our partners at Telstra recognized that the prospects of Foxtel have changed fundamentally and that we have a streaming success story. Look, we've had cutting edge world cost tech and we have a user interface. But as vastly improved and we have a team led by Patrick and [Indiscernible], and they will drive further success most surely. Think about how the narrative has changed over the past two years.  As you recall, we had been asked about the skeptics whether we would need to put more money into the Company. And let's examine what happened. We took a majority stake because we believed more clarity, more responsibility, more decisiveness was necessary. We've used our media platforms to complement and promote the quality of Foxtel. Our team made some tough decisions to rationalize, made some smart decisions on streaming and systems and here we are today. So, whatever we do we will not be naive, naivety is not now [Indiscernible].  And as for Zillow, obviously, we had discussed ourselves getting into bricks-and-mortar but we had a very clear sense of the digital priorities. Don't forget that we had revived -- renovated the distinctly unfashionably realtor.com. We bought it on the cheap net about $700 million. What's it worth now, $6 billion [Indiscernible] What will it be worth in 5 years as the inevitable digital march continues [Indiscernible] $20 billion [Indiscernible] So we've been very focused, diligently so to service for vendors, buyers, and realtors.  As for Zillow, look, the idea that it was simple to find a great plumber plus or a plan or a planter, the idea, the process was not variable and subject to vicissitudes, the idea that holding inventory was not itself costly. To me, those were rather strange ideas. I'm not sure what impact Eventually when Zillow makes up its mind on what type of businesses it is, they will have on the market. But I can talk from my macro perspective. First of all, very confident in REALTOR 's prospects, but also very confident in the U.S. real estate market generally.  It's a marketing transition and the laws of supply and demand still apply. Prices are too high; 2 things will happen. Buyers will start hesitating, more sellers will appear on the market, is the immutable way of the world. And I suspect we're very much in a moment of such transition which is good for REALTOR. Of course, interest rates will be a factor, but over the foreseeable future, we're still talking about either historic lows or near historic lows. And more significantly for us, we're seeing a more enduring trend starting to take hold. And it was a myth that millennials would not want to our own their own home.  That there would be a WeWork version of home, WeHome, or that car sharing meant that we wouldn't mind sharing bathrooms and lounges. Will that myth have been well and truly debunked? COVID coziness not really a thing. Work from home implies that you have a home. And I do recommend a sage article this week in barons on that subject. So, some of the myth of this suppose share economy has certainly been shattered. So, price increases of moderating, interest rates are relatively low in the USC eviction moratorium is mostly overtime on the market gradually increasing. Our massive increases in audience traffic 30% to 40% more than pre-Covid and leads 15% to 20% above pre -pandemic levels all tell us that there is deep demand. And in short, we are rather excited about REALTOR 's prospects now and far into the future.
Mike Florin: Thank you. And Joe, Bobby, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. In the news Media business, I was wondering if you could sort of pontificate or give us an idea of what you think the overall opportunity is even longer-term from licensing fees, from tech platforms over time. And then just a quick follow-up on Foxtel, with some of the streaming platforms, the S5 players launching their own platforms in Australia. Do you see that as incremental competition or how should we be that?
Robert Thomson: First of all, on News Media, what you're seeing is really a transformation led by our chains, as Susan mentioned. Whether it be ad revenue, which shouldn't -- in the UK was up 36%, Australia 5%, New York Post, 32%. SEC revenues overall up 16%, in the UK 13%, Australia 9%. You're seeing a lot of hard work done by our teams in being very diligent about costs, but also being focused on growth. Certainly, the big digital deals will make a difference to all of our publications.  And frankly, all we can say given the constraints of confidentiality, is it the deals mean that comfortably over 9-figures are flowing into the News companies in return to the highest quality new services in 3 separate continents. Though unfortunately we are yet to reach agreement with Facebook, or the artist formerly known as Facebook in the UK. We are watching closely the evolution of possible legislation there that channels the Australian legislation, which would be handled. With Google as well, it's not just about payments. It also means working together on new products in audio and video.  And that's the content side. And those are productive discussions [Indiscernible] ideal, and it applies to both companies is the ad tech conundrum. We have always kept the ad tech issue to one side as I strongly believed that there were 2 components in need of resolution: the value of content and digital ad dysfunction. I was fairly confident there would be document discovery and the Texas Attorney General 's complaint has revealed some of the rather disturbing details. And I have little doubt that the Department of Justice will add to that detail in coming days. Now, how we resolve these issues does indeed remain to be seen.
Susan Panuccio: And Alexia, on your second question you asked about the SFUAD competition within Australia. And I think the Foxtel team did a great job of talking about this at the strategy day. Around -- basically the great content they have within sports, particularly the AFL and our own quicker contracts that they have.  They had long-term relationships with the studios and have developed a very good working relationship with them. And there is great aggregator of the services down there. So, I think, while there is clearly competition that is coming into that marketplace down there, they are operating very well within that current environment.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Alexia. Bobby, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi. My first question, you talked about, like in relation to a question from one of the guys on the phone that you will -- on the ongoing review of Foxtel from strategic standpoint. I'm just wondering for the rest of the Company is there any other reviews going on and then obviously, a lot of investors view rightly or wrongly that the Company is overly complicated as if I'm wondering if there's any other ongoing reviews going on with the Company? And my other just nitpick question usually tell us what the changes year-over-year in EBITDA at realtor.com, can you provide that for the quarter, please. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Craig, as a simplification, kindly we are constantly reviewing our structure. As you know, we've sold quite a few companies along the way. The local newspaper business at Dow Jones, which we presumed would struggle and that didn't turn out to be the case. Amplify which found a bit of home. News America Marketing was less meaningful to us as sprint sales declined somewhat. unruly, which has found a welcome home elsewhere and within we still have a relationship. But Ad-tech let say is for others.  So, we will constantly be institutionally introspective, reviewing our structure with Foxtel or Digital Real Estate, or -- as we have done to designate Dow Jones as a separate segment so that you can see not only the potential there but also to be clear about the very positive progress that the team is making in news media. We've made many changes. Those changes have been productive and profitable, and we will never stop questioning or challenging ourselves.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig, just on your question in relation to REALTOR, as you know we don't give the EBITDA number but the year-on-year difference was up $6 million negative in relation to REALTOR. And one of the main reasons for that is the continuing investment in growth in that business within marketing and headcount.
Craig Huber: Thank you
Mike Florin: Thank you, Greg. Thanks, Greg. Bobby, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Hi. 2 very quick questions if I may. On capital management, are there any technical or legal impediments to increasing your annual dividend amount, or do you feel that buyback just gives you more flexibility down the track. And secondly, enrolled -- let me try this again. But can you please comment on how much EBITDA was booked in the first quarter from the licensing deals with the big digital platforms.
Robert Thomson: Clearly, we've focused on the buyback and we're now in a position to begin the buyback, as we've had to wait until the earnings announcement, given the regulatory restrictions in the quiet period. That quiet period, is almost over and you will soon hear the sound of buyback. The pacing depends on being rational about the trends in the market, but this is a very different buyback to that initiated the time of the split. As you know well, at that moment, we were worried about unexpected share dislocation.  And what are the provision to intervene if and when necessary, during that unprecedented unpredictable period. Now, we're on an entirely different epoch. The Company patently has momentum. We are confident about our cash generation potential, our ability to both invest to grow, and to return capital. So, as I mentioned, now that the quiet period is almost over, you will soon hear the sound of buyback.
Susan Panuccio: And Brian, just in relation to your question on the content licensing, we haven't given out that number apart from saying it was going to be into 9 figures. And just in relation to how that's going to be pacing over the course of the year. We would expect to grow as more products within those particular contracts launched like for instance, showcase over here in the U.S. So, we would expect to see that build as we go throughout the year. And we talked previously in relation to that about a high-level allocation of switching between the News Media segment and Dow Jones.
Mike Florin: Thank you. Brian. Bobby, will take our next question, please.
Operator: No further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.
Robert Thomson: Great. Well, thank you, Bobby. And thank you for all participating. We look forward to talking to you soon. Have a great day. Take care.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-08-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp, 4Q Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Valerie. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. The past year has been a severe test for families, for countries and for companies. The stresses and strains of a pandemic have stretched the social fabric and the commercial canvas. I want, fore-mostly, to express my gratitude to the employees of News Corporation, who around the world, have navigated these testing times with professionalism and with principal. Their efforts, their creativity, and their commitment have built on the company's proud foundations and been a catalyst for these impressive results for News Corp and for our group companies. Overall, revenues in fiscal '21 rose 4% and by 30% in the fourth quarter, that is 30%, indicating that the company is surely gaining in momentum, while profitability improved by 26% for the year. We have continued to focus our investment on growth areas, with the acquisition of Investor's Business Daily, Mortgage Choice in Australia and the Books & Media division of. We have also continued to simplify the business with the rationalization of REA's Asian property business and the amicable settlement of residual litigation regarding News America Marketing, which we successfully sold just ahead of fiscal '21. Our strong cash generation has given us increased optionality. Our cash balance exceeded $2.2 billion at the end of June. And so we were able to take advantage of the required sale of Opus which we expect to strengthen and ultimately transform the Dow Jones' Professional Information business. And our clearly robust cash position has prompted the company to actively review our capital returns policy with a greater focus on buybacks. A few highlights before delving deeper into the businesses. For fiscal 2021, we had a record number of digital subscriptions at our key mastheads. Record traffic at realtor.com, where audience growth, according to comScore, is significantly outpacing that of its main rival, and record subscriber growth at Foxtel, where at the end of June, our paid streaming subscribers reached over 2 million, an increase year-on-year of 155%, a profound escalation that included the successful launch of Binge last year. That success has naturally given us much optionality as we consider Foxtel's rather favorable future. In short, we had the most profitable year since we created the new News Corp. Dow Jones had its most profitable year since it was acquired in 2007, and HarperCollins and Move also recorded their most profitable years, and we believe there is clearly more growth ahead. The past year has seen the revaluing of our content through landmark news payment agreements with the major tech platforms. These deals, the financial terms of which are confidential, will add significant revenue annually, clearly into nine figures and are a profoundly important part of the ongoing transformation of the content landscape. We are also watching the evolution of the digital ad market, which historically has lacked transparency, the active interest of regulators around the world should reduce the opacity and provide higher yields for publishers. At Dow Jones, subscriber growth continued to pace, leading to a significant increase in segment EBITDA for the fourth quarter and for the year, up 15% and 41%, respectively. The full year segment EBITDA was indeed the most lucrative since the company's acquisition. Digital consumer subscriptions, which were 26% higher in the quarter, contributed to that growth as did an overall increase in advertising revenues for the year of 4% as a surge in digital ads more than compensated for a decline in print advertising. At The Wall Street Journal, subscriptions grew 15% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, reaching nearly 3.5 million, and digital-only subs growing by nearly 100,000 from the third quarter and by 21% year-over-year, now comprise nearly 80% of total subscriptions. Advertising in the fourth quarter rose 45% and digital advertising was 53% higher. It is worth highlighting the success of our Risk & Compliance business, particularly as we contemplate the future potential of the just announced agreement to acquire Opus. Revenues at Risk & Compliance increased 23% for the fiscal year and burgeoned by 30% in the fourth quarter compared to a year earlier, marking six straight years of over 20% growth. We believe that the Professional Information business will continue to expand at a strong rate, and that Opus will be the cornerstone for commodities, energy and renewables digital business that will have a long-term positive impact on our earnings. We are excited to be adding a new growth lever to Dow Jones, whose performance has manifestly been exceptional. We firmly believe Opus and Dow Jones will be more than the sum of their parts. Our acquisition of Investor's Business Daily was completed in May, and we expect to see the positive impact of this high margin digital operation in coming quarters. We believe that there are multiple opportunities to cross-sell and upsell products as IBD will benefit from Dow Jones reach and Dow Jones will prosper from IBD's range of high-value specialist investment offerings. We are confident that Almar Latour and the team at Dow Jones are poised to deliver ongoing excellent results. The Foxtel narrative is particularly positive as our early emphasis on streaming and on securing long-term valuable sports and entertainment rights has put the company on a decidedly upward trajectory. Our paying subscribers were 40% higher and fiscal year revenue rose 10%, while our EBITDA growth was 11%. There was a noticeable acceleration in revenue growth in the fourth quarter when it surged 33%, driven by our streaming products and thanks in part to positive currency fluctuations. The strong growth in the streaming business, which is taking advantage of and successfully monetizing existing rights was evident in the fourth quarter with the number of total paying streaming subscribers was 155% higher than at the same time last year. We are obviously pleased with the exponential evolution of both Kayo, our sports streaming product, which has rights to Australia's most popular sports, and Binge, our entertainment streaming service, as they combine world-class technology, clever user interfaces and high quality compelling content. It is worth pausing for a moment to consider how the Foxtel narrative has changed decisively and positively over the past 18 months. Then we were being asked whether we would need to put extra funds into Foxtel. And now we have attractive options for a growing, thoroughly contemporary business that has a tangible upside. Our immediate task and that of our team led admirably by Siobhan McKenna and Patrick Delany is to keep driving the business to keep striving because those options will certainly be enhanced by continued success. Digital Real Estate is another fast-growing sector for the company, and we are proud of the performance of both REA and REALTOR. Many of you will recall, there was a certain skepticism when we acquired Move, the realtor.com parent, a certain doubt about our ability to turn around the company's then flagging fortunes. Well, there's no overstatement to say there has been a realtor renaissance with fiscal 2021 profit contribution from Move increasing by $100 million as its revenue scaled. For the year, revenue grew by 36% and the rate accelerated to 68% in the fourth quarter. Audience numbers hit record highs during the quarter. As measured by the independent comScore, audience growth has exceeded that of Zillow and Trulia for 17 successive months, an average more than 20 percentage points faster in the last 8 months. That is a telling testament to the great work by Tracey Fellows, David Doctorow and to all at REALTOR. The two core pillars of the REALTOR business, the premium referral model and lead generation, have both reported superlative growth. And those who watch the industry closely will have noted that a key indicator, the number of houses listed for sale has increased in the past two months. The more inventory on the market, the more opportunities for the REALTOR team to deliver their best-in-class services to buyers, sellers and agents. Our REA had a supernal year with revenue growth of 27%, benefiting from currency and a robust housing recovery in Australia. Revenue growth actually accelerated in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, again, listings were a key driver of that success with full year listing 15% higher, while those in the fourth quarter surged 54%. One of the absolute lessons of the pandemic is that families and investors have focused on property as both a source of returns but also of enduring security. The aloha [ph] of real estate is real and the profits are palpable. Meanwhile, we are expanding into sensible adjacencies, in particular, mortgages, which will also benefit from the renewed flow of listings. Smartline is already thriving, and Owen Wilson and the team are confident that Mortgage Choice will benefit from that increased activity by offering borrowers the best possible range of loans. We look forward to updating you in coming quarters with the progress at both Mortgage Choice and Smartline. HarperCollins is another resilient source of revenue growth, profits and cash generation for the company. Revenue for the full year rose 19%, while segment EBITDA was 42% higher as the company benefited from digital sales, the rediscovery of books as a medium and an extensive lucrative backlist. For example, the company has certainly profited from the immense popularity of Bridgeton, the eponymous Netflix series, which has been extended into a second season to the benefit of Julia Quinn's novels and HarperCollins. The company's prospects and its backlist have been bolstered by the addition of the Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books & Media segment, which has a living library of 7,000 titles including the perennially popular George Orwell and Curious George. We also acquired the U.S. rights to J.R.R. Tolkien's works, including the Hobbit and the Lord of Rings trilogy, and now have global English language rights, which will surely benefit from the upcoming blockbuster Amazon series based on those classic perdurable books. Brian Murray and the HarperCollins team have focused on driving digital and direct-to-consumer offerings, and it is worth noting that e-book sales rose 14% during the year, while audio books expanded a healthy 22%. Clearly, there is much interest by various podcast-related companies in our unique audio book offerings, and we stand to gain from the proliferation of streaming audio. For those of you who have perused our numbers, it is clear that there has been a strong improvement in the profitability of the News Media businesses with News U.K., News Corp Australia and the New York Post, all performing admirably and contributing to News Corp's overall enhanced profitability. There was disciplined cost control and sage leadership throughout those businesses and a strong recovery in advertising during the fourth quarter. In the UK, our businesses delivered a significant profit contribution for the year, with digital subscriptions increasing markedly and listening at wireless rising sharply during the European football championships with advertising benefiting accordingly. And we look forward with alacrity to the launch of the Premier League season next week. The Sun remains the country's largest digital news brand and advertising revenue across the properties in the UK rebounded in the fourth quarter compared to a year earlier. That rebound is a sign that reach, engagement and provenance are important to advertisers and that our UK media companies, under Rebekah Brooks' leadership, provide a uniquely effective forum. At News Corp Australia where Michael Miller and the team took the bold and necessary decision to convert most of our regional and community papers to digital-only platforms, we saw a 25% increase in digital subscribers at the mastheads in the fourth quarter, while there was a healthy recovery in advertising. Clearly, businesses are subject to the vagaries of the virus in Australia, but the robust recovery in recent months is a hopeful harbinger. The New York Post was on the very cusp of making an annual profit for the first time in many decades, perhaps for the first time since the age of Alexander Hamilton, which is testament to the epoch work of Sean Giancola, Keith Poole and all of the Post. The Post was a digital success in fiscal '21, generating 45% digital ad growth, including an acceleration in the fourth quarter with 65% growth, that is 65% growth. And we should harvest further savings from the exiting of our Bronx printing plant, which is attracting much demand from companies seeking this prime side. I would like to thank all who have printed and distributed the Post in Dow Jones publications through the decades. They provided a great service to the company and to society by delivering news and insight every morning around the Greater New York region. All of our employees deserve gratitude for their stellar contributions, both for the company and their communities over the past complicated, sometimes stressful year. Their efforts have been a crucial part of our unprecedented success and provided a firm foundation for ongoing revenue growth and increasing profitability. As I mentioned earlier, we are generating record profits and cash, and that has given us the ability to make opportunistic acquisitions to bolster the company and generate even more momentum. We will certainly be thoughtful and strategic in deploying our assets and will, as always, be cognizant of our responsibility to and the interest of all of our shareholders. And now, I hand you over to Susan Panuccio, who will provide more salient details about an extraordinary year.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Fiscal 2021 fourth quarter total revenues were almost $2.5 billion, up 30%, the highest level since the second quarter of fiscal 2019 when we still owned News America Marketing. Total segment EBITDA was $210 million, up 8% versus the prior year, including record high segment EBITDA at Digital Real Estate Services. Total segment EBITDA included several non-recurring items that depressed year-over-year comparisons this quarter, including $49 million of non-recurring legal settlement and transaction costs. The results also include $11 million of one-off costs at Foxtel, which I'll come back to. Excluding the divestment of News America Marketing, acquisitions, currency fluctuations and the other items disclosed in our release, adjusted revenues increased 20% and adjusted total segment EBITDA increased 26%, driven by a strong performance of Digital Real Estate Services and a big year-over-year improvement in News Media. For the quarter, we reported a net loss per share of $0.02 compared to a loss of $0.67 in the prior year. Last year's loss included $292 million of non-cash impairment charges, primarily related to fixed assets in the UK and Australia. Fiscal 2021 results included a $64 million tax benefit due to an adjustment to valuation allowance in the U.S. and a $54 million non-cash write-down of Foxtel's investment related to the Nickelodeon Australian joint venture, which is now covered through a separate affiliate agreement. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.16 in the quarter compared to a loss per share of $0.03 in the prior year. Importantly, on a full year basis, free cash flow available to News Corp improved to $731 million from $180 million in the prior year, driven by higher total segment EBITDA, improvements in working capital and lower capital spending. Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services. Segment revenues were $413 million, an increase of 74% compared to the prior year, a sharp acceleration from the third quarter growth rate of 34%. The performance was driven by another record quarterly performance at Move, together with very strong results at REA and to a lesser extent, a positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations. On an adjusted basis, revenues increased 59%. Segment EBITDA rose 92% to $136 million or 99% on an adjusted basis. Move's revenues were $186 million, a 68% increase year-over-year with real estate revenues rising 77%, a significant acceleration from the 43% growth in the prior quarter. Move contributed $17 million to the segment EBITDA growth this quarter, achieving strong profit improvements despite $30 million of additional marketing expenses consistent with our commentary that the bulk of the expected increase in cost the second half would materialize in the fourth quarter. For the full fiscal 2021 year, Move increased its profit contribution by $100 million and was the single biggest profit driver across News Corp this year. We saw accelerated revenue growth across both the traditional lead generation and referral businesses in the quarter. The traditional lead generation business continued to benefit from strong agent demand, improved retention rates, higher yield and lead volume growth. Revenues from the referral business represented approximately 30% of total Move revenues, up from 25% in the prior quarter, partly due to seasonality with revenue growth driven by an increase in lead volume, record home pricing and higher referral fees. In addition, advertising and rental revenue also showed strength during the quarter with the combined revenues more than doubling versus the prior year, only partially offset by the lower revenues resulting from the sale of top producer in the third quarter. The realtor.com's traffic reached a quarterly record of 106 million average monthly users, reflecting a year-over-year increase of 32%. Lead volume grew 14% year-over-year, a slower growth rate than the prior quarter, as we lapped tougher comparisons with the prior year, which saw growth rates in the mid-30s coupled with ongoing industry supply constraints. Compared to the prior quarter, lead volume grew 8%. REA had an exceptional quarter with revenues rising 79% year-over-year to $227 million, including a $34 million or 27% positive impact from currency fluctuations. REA's results benefited from a material increase in residential premier debt revenues despite the absence of a price increase this fiscal year as part of REA's prior year COVID-19 support initiatives. Australian national residential new buy listings for the quarter rose 54% with Melbourne and Sydney both up 64% as growth rates were somewhat exaggerated by the impacts from COVID-19 last year. Listing volumes were not only higher than the prior year, but also higher than fiscal 2019 and 2018 levels. Traffic remained robust with total visits to realestate.com.au [ph] for June at 123 million, up 8% year-over-year, and the visits multiplier against its nearest competitor reaching a record high of over 3.4 times in June. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $542 million, up 33% versus the prior year and included an $85 million or 21% positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations. The growth rate also improved sequentially. Adjusted revenues increased 12% with higher revenues from the streaming products more than offsetting the revenue declines from the broadcast product in the quarter, helped by the COVID-19 comparison. Total closing paid subscribers across Foxtel reached nearly 3.9 million as of June 30, with total subscriptions, including trialists, over 4 million and were up 40% versus the prior year, a material acceleration from the third quarter, driven by continued growth in paid streaming subscribers and a year-over-year recovery in commercial, which was hit particularly hard from COVID-19 last year. Sequentially, paid subscribers rose 10%. Kayo total subscribers increased to almost 1.1 million and Binge total subscribers increased to 827,000. In the aggregate, total streaming subscribers reached over 2.1 million with paying subscribers up more than 150% to just over 2 million. Streaming products are now delivering meaningful growth at scale and over 50% at Foxtel's total paid subscribers are now on streaming platforms. Residential broadcast subscribers declined to less than 1.7 million and commercial subscribers, while growing sharply year-over-year, continued to be impacted by COVID-19 restrictions and further lockdowns, notably in the accommodation sector. We saw broadcast churn moderate from the past two quarters to 17.1%, but up from 13.2% in the prior year, with the team continuing their focus on retaining high-value subscribers and driving ARPU growth. ARPU increased 4% to AUD 81 from the prior year, partially offsetting broadcast subscriber volume declines. Segment EBITDA declined 37% to $66 million or 46% on an adjusted basis. As we communicated in our prior call, the decline was largely timing related, driven by $84 million of higher sports programming rights and production costs in the quarter, which we didn't have in the prior year due to COVID-19, together with higher marketing expenses. In addition, Foxtel had approximately $11 million of one-time costs, mainly related to iQ3 and iQ4 promotional activity. Importantly, looking at Subscription Video Services for the full year, segment EBITDA increased 11% and was relatively stable in local currency, which includes the impact of $57 million of sports rights costs that were deferred from last year. The business also generated meaningful free cash flow across the year as increasing scale in streaming is leading to improved financial momentum within the company and lower capital intensity. Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones delivered revenue of $449 million, up 18% compared to the prior year, including two months of revenue from the acquisition of Investor's Business Daily with digital revenues accounting for 72% of total revenues this quarter. Circulation and subscription revenues increased $34 million or 11%, driven by a 12% increase in circulation revenues, reflecting the continued strong growth in digital-only subscription for Dow Jones consumer products and the acquisition of IBD. Dow Jones subscriptions increased to over 4.5 million average subscriptions to its consumer products in the quarter, up 19% from the prior year. Of that, nearly 3.5 million were digital-only subscriptions, up 26% year-over-year. IBD had over 100,000 subscriptions at quarter end with the majority being digital-only. Professional Information business revenues rose 11%, driven primarily by Risk & Compliance. Revenue growth from Risk & Compliance accelerated yet again with a year-over-year increase of 30% and marked the fastest growth in 3 years. For the year, Risk & Compliance reached approximately $195 million of revenues, up 23%. Advertising revenues, which accounted for 23% of revenues this quarter, grew 45% to $103 million, the highest fourth quarter growth rate since News Corp's acquisition and was also higher than the fourth quarter fiscal 2019. Digital advertising posted record growth with revenues up 53%, with all categories performing above expectations. We saw a significant increase in yield, particularly in direct display. Print advertising revenues rose 36% year-over-year, primarily benefiting from the COVID-19 comparison. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 15% to $69 million. EBITDA margins were relatively stable year-over-year as higher revenue growth was partially offset by the timing of marketing expenses for both brand and conferences, IBD integration costs and higher compensation costs. Costs were also notably depressed in the prior year due to COVID-19-related savings initiatives. As we previously communicated, much of the cost increase this quarter were planned investments with some timing-related items. Dow Jones achieved the highest level of profitability since its acquisition this fiscal year, with margins expanding to nearly 20%, up almost 5 percentage points from the prior year. On an adjusted basis, segment revenues and EBITDA for the quarter rose 14% and 12%, respectively. At Book Publishing, for the fourth quarter, HarperCollins posted 21% revenue growth from the prior year and segment EBITDA rose 2%. Adjusted revenues grew 11% and adjusted segment EBITDA was flat to the prior year. The moderation in growth was impacted by the lapping of COVID-19 benefits in the prior year and mix of titles as last year's results included the Magnolia Table Volume II. Despite a difficult prior year comparison, book consumption levels remain high. Fourth quarter continued to benefit from Bridgeton but to a lesser extent than the prior quarter. While physical sales continued their momentum this quarter, digital revenues declined 3% in the quarter, reflecting a difficult comparison to the prior year when many bricks-and-mortar stores were closed due to COVID-19. E-book sales fell 11% in the quarter, but were partly offset by 11% growth in downloadable audio. This quarter's results also include almost two months of results from the acquisition of the HMH Books & Media segment. We're excited about the acquisition and feel very confident about achieving the cost synergy target of $20 million within 2 years, and the team are actively exploring revenue opportunities, notably in licensing and animation. Turning to News Media. Revenues for the quarter were $595 million, up 21% versus the prior year, driven by the recovery of the advertising market from COVID-19-related weaknesses in the prior year. Growth in circulation and subscription revenues and a $73 million or 14% positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Growth was partially offset by a $58 million or 12% negative impact from the divestiture of News America Marketing in May 2020. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose 21% as we cycled the steep declines from COVID-19 last year. Circulation and subscription revenues rose 26%, driven by a $34 million or 15% benefit from currency fluctuations, strong digital paid subscriber growth and cover price increases as well as the recovery of print volumes from COVID-19-related weakness in the prior year. Advertising revenues increased $31 million or 15% compared to the prior year, benefiting from the COVID-19 comparison with strong gains in both print and digital advertising revenues across key mastheads as well as a $29 million or 14% increase from foreign currency. Those gains came despite a $58 million or 28% negative impact related to the divestment of News America Marketing and a $10 million or 5% negative impact related to the closure or transition to digital of certain regional and community newspapers in Australia. On a reported basis, advertising revenues in Australia rose 34% or 14% in local currency, while News UK advertising revenues rose 86% or 65% in local currency. In the US, the trends remained strong with the New York Post posting 60% advertising revenue growth, of which digital advertising grew 65%. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was breakeven compared to a loss of $44 million in the prior year. In the Other segment, fourth quarter results include non-recurring legal settlement costs. Excluding that charge, costs were modestly higher than we had expected, primarily driven by higher equity compensation across both cash and non-cash expenditure. I would now like to talk about some themes for the upcoming quarter and fiscal 2022. Visibility remains limited, especially in Australia due to ongoing COVID-19 lockdowns. That said, we are very encouraged by our July trends and are looking to build on that momentum into fiscal 2022. Our Digital Real Estate Services, as noted in their release, revenue in fiscal 2022 will benefit from a price rise in July for REA, and they also noted that new buy listings declined 3% in the month. Results will also include the acquisition of Mortgage Choice. Please refer to REA's press release for more details. At Move, we continue to see strong pricing in agent demand despite ongoing supply constraints. Like the fourth quarter, we expect to balance reinvestments with revenue growth as we focus on expanding into adjacencies. In Subscription Video Services, we are pleased with the ongoing performance of Kayo and Binge and the efforts to improve broadcast ARPU. We do expect a modest impact in the first quarter due to the current lockdowns in Australia, particularly in commercial venues. For the year, we expect costs in local currency to be stable with fiscal 2021 and revenue trends to continue to improve as the streaming products continue to scale. At Dow Jones, overall trends across the business remains strong. We expect costs to increase as we focus on top line growth, but we will remain focused on margin expansion. Dow Jones will also see incremental content licensing revenues from Google. In Book Publishing, overall trends remain favorable despite lapping the benefits from COVID-19. While publishing faces a difficult comparison given its fiscal 2021 performance, we remain very encouraged by HarperCollins strong release slate and favorable secular trends. We also expect to see additional contribution from the acquisition of HMH. At News Media, we expect the segment to show notable improvement in fiscal 2022, driven by the contributions from the deals with Google and Facebook, improving advertising trends and disciplined cost action. CapEx for the year is expected to be approximately $100 million higher in fiscal 2022, partly driven by higher technology costs and the rollout of the IP-enabled iQ5 set-top box at Foxtel. We will continue to manage spend closely throughout the year as we did during fiscal 2021. And finally, free cash flow generation will remain a priority in the coming year. The company ends the year stronger, better capitalized and with new levers of growth. We're excited about the potential for our recent acquisitions, including our announcement this week on Opus. And as Robert mentioned, we are now actively reviewing our capital allocation policy as we look to balance reinvestment and growth with healthy shareholder returns. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from the line of Kane Hannan of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kane Hannan: Good morning, guys. Just two quick ones for me quickly. Just firstly on that comment around the buybacks. Could you just give us a little bit more detail around potential outcomes there? What sort of quantum and timing you should be thinking about? And then on Move, just obviously very strong revenue growth this year. Can you just talk about sort of how we think about the sustainability of that growth into FY '22 and some of those pricing tailwinds that you mentioned?
Robert Thomson: Sure. On buybacks, obviously, we're indicating that there's a more vigorous, livier [ph] discussion about capital allocation. For a start, we have more capital to allocate, given the strong cash generation in the company over the past year and for the foreseeable future. The acquisition of Opus does not change that thinking, which is at an advanced stage. So I'll reiterate what we said earlier, we are actively reviewing our capital returns policy with a greater focus on buybacks. As for REALTOR, REALTOR really is at a very early stage of its exponential evolution. The growth over the past year has come despite a relative paucity of listings. And the encouraging sign is the level of listings is on the rise again, and the immutable laws of supply and demand, as always, is beginning to take effect. And it is worth reiterating that we've grown faster than Zillow and Trulia, as measured independently for 17 successive months, and in the past 8 months, that growth has exceeded 20 percentage points. And that is a profound transformation and surely indicates that the fundamentals are favorable.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, just in relation to Move as well as we sort of think about the coming year, notwithstanding, obviously, market conditions, we do expect to see yield optimization on the core lead-gen product moving into 2022, and we still see opportunities to improve sell-through within that product. In relation to the referral business, we expect to continue to benefit from record home prices, yield optimization, and we'll continue to focus on improving the close rates. Overall, agent demand remains very robust and existing home sales remain notably higher than pre-COVID levels. So we feel very confident.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Kane. Valerie, will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll move to our next question from the line of Entcho Raykovski of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert, Susan, so if I can ask one on books and just a very quick one on Opus. So books in the quarter, you had very strong revenue growth, but adjusted EBITDA was flat. And obviously, you've talked about the mix of titles. But just wanted to understand, are there any one-off cost factors driving this? And should we expect perhaps a reversal in future quarters? If you could provide us more detail that would be useful. And then with the Opus acquisition announced earlier this week, do you see any potential synergies from that transaction? And if you do, can you talk to what areas that perhaps come from? Thank you. 
Susan Panuccio: Entcho, I might start in relation to HarperCollins. So look, there's not anything really that's material in one-off. We have had some integration costs for HMH, but they're not material in the context of the overall results. It really rolls down to just the mix of slightly lower digital sales. The backlist mix was a little bit different, 2% difference quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. But the consumption trends do remain favorable. So we are expecting to see the momentum continue.
Robert Thomson: On Opus, Entcho, Opus was opportunistic. It was a required sale, and we were able to act swiftly and decisively. And we do have a significant amount of expertise in that sector, thanks to Dow Jones and a very clear sense of how we can develop the Opus business, which is already high-margin, cash-generative and decidedly digital. I mean it's grown every year since 2007 despite the ebb and flow of energy cycles. And so there's no doubt that Opus will be an important source of ongoing revenue and profit and cash flow for Dow Jones and News Corp. And we're talking energy, commodities, renewables and carbon-related products, which will have a long runway deep into the future.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Valerie, we'll take our next question please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll move on to our next question from the line of Darren Leung of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Darren Leung: Hi, guys. Thanks for the time. Just a very quick question, obviously considering a buyback. Can you give us a feel for, I suppose, the other side of capital management, like, obviously, with the Opus acquisition, how we should think about debt levels on a sustainable basis going forward, please?
Robert Thomson: Look, Darren, I don't think we can give you any more detail than that which we have revealed today. But as I just made clear, the Opus acquisition itself has not affected our thinking on capital allocation, and we are in the fortuitous position of having more capital to allocate.
Susan Panuccio: And Darren, just to add to that, I mean, as I mentioned, we've got a healthy cash balance of about $2.2 billion at the end of the year. The Opus transaction will be an all-cash transaction, but we still will be retaining a healthy cash balance. And having generated meaningful free cash flow this year, we are continuing to focus on free cash flow generation as we move forward. So at this stage, we're fairly comfortable with what our balance sheet looks like. A - Mike Florin Thank you, Darren. Valerie, we'll take our next question please?
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from the line of Brian Han of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Brian Han: Robert, you mentioned several times the optionality that's opening up for Foxtel. Can you please elaborate on what that means? And when you will make a decision on which option you're going to take? And Susan, you mentioned the decline in capital intensity for Foxtel. Can you shed some light on how CapEx will change for Foxtel in '22 compared to '21? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: Well, Brian, it's very clear that what we have with Foxtel are options, and that's a tribute to the team in Australia, who patently transformed the business and its fortunes. We've got the key sports rights long into the future. We have an absolutely contemporary customer-friendly streaming platform network and those systems are another means of monetizing existing rights at no extra cost.  We have a broadcast experience that is world-class and is now the village square for video in Australia. And we surely have price elasticity in a market where an ever larger number of people in Australia understand that you pay a premium for premium content. And these are all special circumstances and their confluence combined with sage leadership from Patrick and Siobhan has transformed Foxtel fortunes and certainly given us choices.
Susan Panuccio: And then just a follow on in relation to the CapEx question. So the increasing investment next year is in relation to the iQ5 box, as I mentioned, which really is to focus on IP for that business going forward, which will drive efficiencies going forward. So whilst CapEx will be slightly elevated relative to this financial year, it will then start to come down. And even the forecast for financial year '22 is materially below the financial year '20 numbers. A - Mike Florin Thank you. Valerie we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up question from Kane Hannan of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kane Hannan: Hi, guys. I know you're not talking to specifics around the Google, Facebook 9-figure earnings number. But just was there any of that benefit in this fourth quarter? And then just any comments, I suppose you can make around the Dow Jones versus the News Media split of that number?
Susan Panuccio: Kane, the numbers for Q4 are actually pretty immaterial. So we're expecting to see the full benefit of those deals come through into financial year '22. We haven't actually given any guidance on the allocation. It's fair to say the bulk of that allocation is obviously going to go across the Dow Jones segment and the News Media segment. And we'll obviously be updating on that as we work through the year.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Kane. Valerie, we’ll take our next question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It appears that there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to Mr. Florin for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Florin: Well, thank you, Valerie, and thank you for all participating today. Have a great day. And as always, we look forward to speaking with you all again in the very near future. Take care. This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-05-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp. Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Todd. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp.'s fiscal third quarter 2021 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. While some nations including America are spasmodically emerging from the ravages of the pandemic, other regions continue to suffer profoundly. We certainly hope that the vicissitudes of the virus will abate and trust that all on this call are navigating these perplexing times safely and securely. I must again salute the people of News Corp, as they continue their extraordinary work for the company and for their communities in these demanding circumstances. Their efforts, their expertise and their endurance have yielded strong results for our company and for the millions of people who find comfort and inspiration and illumination from the news, information insight and entertainment our businesses around the world deliver each and every day. It is further testament to the efforts of all in News Corp that fiscal year 2021 has been defined by improving revenue trends and flourishing profitability. In fact in strictly financial terms, this year is on a trajectory to be the most successful since our reincarnation in 2013 in profitability, highlighting how much the character of the company has evolved over that period. Patently, the strategy of simplifying the asset mix, the vigorous pursuit of digitization, the disciplined cost reductions and the investment focus on three growth areas: Digital Real Estate, Dow Jones and Book Publishing have proven to be particularly fruitful. You will have noticed that since our last earnings call in February, we announced three significant acquisitions that we firmly expect will immediately increase revenue and EBITDA upon closing. The first being Investor’s Business Daily to be operated by Dow Jones; the second was Houghton Mifflin Harcourt's Books and Media segment, which will become part of HarperCollins; and the third was Mortgage Choice by REA Group, which will add heft to their Mortgage Broking business. And since our last earnings announcement, we have reached historic and lucrative deals with Google and with Facebook, as we continue our campaign for equitable and substantial compensation from the big tech platforms for our premium journalism whether in text, audio or video. The three-year Google deal is global and involves the creation of a subscription platform, ad revenue sharing and partnerships in audio journalism, as well as video journalism on YouTube. That agreement is evolving well and should be a platform for further cooperation between our companies in the future. The Facebook deal also for three years involves leading metro newspapers in Australia and a large array of regional and local mastheads as well as Sky News Australia and will have a material and meaningful impact on our business in Australia. This deal is in addition to that launch with Facebook in the US in 2019, involving Dow Jones and the New York Post. We are yet to reach agreement with Facebook in the UK and hope that reason will descend imminently. We note the UK. is chairing the G7 and applaud the diligent and intelligent work of Andrea Coscelli and the Competition and Markets Authority, which has developed great insight into the digital landscape and will play a crucial role in drafting a G7 response and in raising social and commercial consciousness. As the terms of trade change, we can expect to see tangible benefits flow to those who report and distribute news to the public. And I am confident that will include publishers large and small, urban and rural, in many countries and in many languages. For us in Australia, the deals will obviously improve the results at our newspapers but also enable us to hire journalists to improve the coverage in underserved regions and communities. Finally, before turning to the quarter's results, I would like to highlight the successful completion of our inaugural bond offering, which was multiple times oversubscribed at an attractive coupon and thus a resounding vote of confidence in the company's strategy and its prospects. As for the third quarter of fiscal year 2021, I am pleased to report that we achieved nearly $300 million in profits, up 23% year-over-year. We have now had three successive quarters of double-digit profit increases and we strongly believe these rather positive results reflect an increase in our core profitability. Revenues in the third quarter exceeded $2.3 billion, representing a 3% increase from the prior year. Turning first to the resolutely robust Digital Real Estate Services segment, Move's revenue growth was 37%, exceeding Q2's 28% growth. Move and realtor.com's value to News Corp to the real estate industry and to consumers is becoming more obvious with each passing quarter. Overall, Digital Real Estate Services revenues were up 34% year-over-year and segment EBITDA surged 58%. realtor.com traffic growth has outpaced that of Zillow for 14 consecutive months through March and the significant growth disparity between the two has been widening markedly according to comScore in March. REALTOR's traffic growth outpaced Zillow and Trulia by nearly 30 percentage points. Why this extraordinary growth at REALTOR? Because we are focused on our consumers, whether that be a family buying or selling a house or the agents handling that important transaction. We are not flipping houses. We are not competing with our clients. We are not building up a stock of bricks-and-mortar inventory. We are not worrying over the wallpaper or fretting over fences or stuck up on stucco. We are absolutely digital and devoted to our consumers. This reputational and functional advantage for REALTOR comes at a moment of genuine momentum for the US real estate market. Our internal metrics show that average monthly unique views in the quarter were 44% higher than the prior year and reached 108 million uniques for the month of March alone, a burgeoning of 60% versus the prior year. Not only is realtor.com serving homebuyers and sellers, we are serving renters and landlords as well. We expanded our rentals offering by acquiring Avail, where revenue growth has exceeded initial expectations and we are excited about the opportunity that lies ahead in this lucrative market segment. In Australia, the real estate market is thriving, particularly in Sydney and Melbourne. REA Group, the clear leader in that country's digital real estate sector saw revenues increase by 32%. During the quarter, REA announced that it proposed to acquire 100% of the shares in Mortgage Choice Limited. The proposed acquisition aligns with REA's financial services strategy by leveraging the group's digital expertise, motivated property buyers and data insights across a larger network. At Dow Jones, revenues rose 6% year-over-year and segment EBITDA led an impressive 61%. Overall, advertising which was slightly down in Q2, moved into positive terrain in Q3 with digital advertising 30% higher in the quarter, almost double the growth rate of the New York Times. Digital now represents 61% of all advertising, compared to a ratio of 48% in the prior year. Digital-only subs at Dow Jones and The Wall Street Journal surged 29% and Dow Jones digital-only net adds in the quarter, exceeded those of the New York Times for its new subscriptions. MarketWatch is achieving record-high revenues and is now benefiting from multiple revenue streams, with the successful launch of its subscription offering in October. Risk & Compliance reported growth of 24% in the quarter, marking 23 consecutive quarters of double-digit expansion. This strength underscores R&C's value as a global leader in data intelligence, including in anti-money laundering, anticorruption and commercial risk assessment. With increasingly stringent demands from the US government and bodies around the world for strict compliance and heightened emphasis on ESG, we believe Dow Jones Risk & Compliance is perfectly poised to benefit. If anyone on this call would like to minimize risk or maximize compliance, please do reach out. Meanwhile we are on the cusp of integrating Investor’s Business Daily. That deal closed this week and we expect IBD will provide innumerable opportunities for cross-selling and upselling with the Dow Jones portfolio of products. IBD will also be a source of important expertise and insight, as 90% of its revenue is digital and the company has a compelling lucrative suite of software products. Book Publishing is another engine of growth for News Corp, as HarperCollins continued on its extremely positive trajectory with 19% revenue growth in the quarter, compared to a year earlier and segment EBITDA surging 45%, as both our powerful backlist and notable front list performed strongly. One of the standouts in the third quarter was the Bridgerton series, which is now the most successful series of HarperCollins in fiscal 2021. Other strong performers included The Boy, the Mole, the Fox and the Horse by Charles Mackesy and Cicely Tyson's memoir Just as I Am. The power of the HarperCollins substantial backlist in Q3 reinforces our enthusiasm, the anticipated integration of the newly acquired Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books and Media segment, which should close in Q4. This acquisition will greatly expand the HarperCollins backlist with an additional 7,000 titles, including such monumental works as The Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Animal Farm and 1984; and loved children's books, like Curious George, The Polar Express, The Little Prince and many, many more. We look forward with eager anticipation to Amazon's production of J.R.R. Tolkien's works due in coming years. As with HMH, we will have acquired the US rights to that extraordinary collection and will now own the global English language rights. As Tolkien himself wrote, the greatest adventure is what lies ahead. Today and tomorrow are yet to be said. In Subscription Video Services, our strategy to rapidly expand streaming has been transformational for Foxtel. The express growth of Kayo and Binge, together with Foxtel Now, saw a number of paying OTT subscribers reach approximately 1.6 million as at the end of March. That represents a doubling of streaming subscribers over the past year alone, an extraordinary achievement. In total, Foxtel closing subscribers grew to a record of over 3.5 million, up 21% year-over-year, driving a significant increase in profitability. Kayo Sports has helped make Foxtel, the preeminent home of sports in Australia, with a record 2.2 million sports subscribers. Of these, Kayo accounted for 851,000 paying subscribers, as at March 31, more than double the prior year, where it was 408,000. In recent days, Kayo exceeded one million total subscribers, with paying subscribers expected to reach that milestone imminently. A strong summer of cricket and the start of the dominant winter sports saw Kayo generate more momentum. This was supported by our recent agreement with Telstra, which has seen Kayo replace Telstra Live Pass in the AFL Live app and NRL official app, making Kayo the exclusive streaming home of the extremely popular Aussie Rules and Rugby League competitions. Not yet one year old, the Binge entertainment streaming service reached 516,000 paying subscribers, up nearly 20% on the second quarter. Binge has established consistent weekly subscriber growth, underpinned by the growing awareness of the Binge brand, the popularity of hit shows such as The Flight Attendant, The Walking Dead and Zack Snyder's, Justice League and it's deserved reputation for a user-friendly tech savvy access to the world's best content. Foxtel's resurgence during the pandemic, coupled with the continuing value of its broadcast product, the rapid growth of Kayo and Binge and a relentless focus on cost transformation have delivered a much enhanced financial performance that certainly gives us flexibility and optionality. In the News Media segment, revenues declined somewhat as expected. The difference was entirely attributable to the sale of News America Marketing and the restructuring of regional and community titles in Australia, most of which became digital-only properties. In the UK, circulation revenues increased, while The New York Post continued revenue growth, driven by strong expansion in digital advertising. Finally, I want to express my enduring gratitude for the thousands of people who work at News Corp around the world, for their creativity, their commitment and their collaborative spirit, which has been a guiding force as we navigate through the uncharted turbulent waters of the pandemic. The past 12 months have seen record profits in many of our businesses, a strong reinforcement of our digital imperative and particularly potent performances by the three sectors that we had targeted for expedited growth. It is clear that our investors are increasingly embracing that strategy and profiting from that strategy. And now, I turn to Susan Panuccio, for words of financial wisdom.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Fiscal 2021 third quarter total revenues were over $2.3 billion, an increase of 3% versus the prior year, while total segment EBITDA was $298 million, up 23% year-over-year, reflecting strong performances across our key segments. Our three core pillars, Dow Jones, Digital Real Estate Services and Book Publishing collectively grew segment EBITDA by 55% versus the prior year. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact from acquisitions and divestitures, most notably the sale of News America Marketing in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, as well as currency fluctuations and other items disclosed in our release, revenues rose 4%, while total segment EBITDA grew 24%. Net income for the quarter was $96 million compared to a net loss of $1 billion in the prior year, which reflects the absence of a noncash impairment charge related to Foxtel and News America Marketing in the prior period. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.13 as compared to a net loss per share of $1.24 last year. And our adjusted EPS were $0.09 in the quarter compared to $0.03 in the prior year. Turning now to the operating segments. Digital Real Estate Services segment revenues were $351 million, an increase of 34% compared to the prior year, which was more than double the growth rate we saw in the second quarter. The performance was driven by another record quarterly performance at Move together with improvements at REA as well as the Elara consolidation and positive impact from foreign exchange fluctuations. On an adjusted basis, revenues increased 22%. Segment EBITDA rose 58% to $117 million or 52% on an adjusted basis, the fastest quarterly growth rate in nearly four years. Move's revenues accelerated to $162 million, a 37% increase year-over-year with real estate revenues rising 43%. Move contributed $36 million or 84% of the segment EBITDA growth this quarter the highest contribution to growth to the segment for the fiscal year. Realtor.com's traffic increased to 98 million average monthly unique users in the third quarter reflecting a year-over-year increase of 44%. Notably in March, REALTOR's unique users eclipsed 100 million the first time, reaching over 108 million unique users up 60% compared to the prior year. Monthly average lead volume remained very strong growing over 40%, which was higher than the second quarter rate despite continued inventory constraints across the industry. We saw very strong growth across both the traditional lead generation and referral businesses in the third quarter with a notable acceleration from the second quarter rate in the growth of Connections Plus our traditional lead generation product, which benefited from higher traffic and lead volumes higher retention rates and improved pricing. These results underscore the success of our strategy of choice and flexibility. Revenues from the referral business continued to grow strongly, representing 25% of total Move revenues lower than the first half mainly due to the acceleration in the traditional lead generation business coupled with the seasonality impact. Overall, the drivers behind the performance of the referral model remained similar to the prior quarter with continued strong transaction volumes, higher home pricing and stable to higher referral fees. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect to continue reinvesting in Move primarily in marketing and product development balancing continued improvement in profitability with revenue growth. We are pleased to see strong growth across both as the team accelerates the pace of innovation and new products as we expand into adjacencies. Turning to REA Group. Revenues at REA rose 32% to $189 million, reflecting a $28 million or 19% positive impact from currency fluctuations and a $7 million from the acquisition of Elara. Australian national residential listings for the quarter rose 8% with Melbourne up 13% and Sydney up 5% with growth rates improving throughout the quarter. New developer project launches increased by 14% compared to the prior year. REA's results also benefited from an increase in residential debt revenue despite the absence of a price increase this fiscal year as part of REA's COVID-19 support initiative. Like REALTOR, REA is benefiting from record traffic with realestate.com.au hitting an all-time high of 137 million monthly visits in March, up 60% year-over-year and buyer inquiries are also at record high. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more detail. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $523 million, up 13% versus the prior year and included a $79 million or 17% positive impact from foreign currency fluctuation. Adjusted revenues were down 4% continuing the improving trend through the fiscal year as the expansion of OTT revenues partially offset the declines in broadcast subscription revenue. Total closing paid subscribers across Foxtel were over 3.5 million as of March 31, up 21% versus the prior year as the team focused on maintaining its premium broadcast customers while the Kayo and Binge streaming services delivered subscriber growth at scale. The comparison versus the prior year was helped by the absence of the initial impact of COVID-19 and the launch of Binge in the fourth quarter. Total paying OTT subscribers expanded to nearly 1.6 million paying subscribers, up 120% compared to the prior year with Kayo reaching 851,000 and binge at 516,000 paying subscribers. Including trialists Kayo and Binge reached 914,000 and 679,000 subscribers respectively, which is indicative of the strong consumer interest in each of the product's unique content set. Kayo's growth has been enhanced by the recent agreement with Telstra to replace Telstra's Live Pass with Kayo, accelerating the penetration and adoption of the product. While the revenue impact from the addition of former Live Pass customers will be minimally new one at the agreement due to the pricing promotion, we see this partnership as a unique opportunity and window to introduce Kayo to a new audience. Residential broadcast subscribers declined 12% from the prior year to over 1.7 million and commercial subscribers also declined 12% to 235,000. However, the trend improved sequentially as COVID-19 restrictions continue to ease particularly in pubs and clubs albeit the accommodation sector remains challenged. Broadcast churn was elevated at 20.1% versus 17.5% in the prior year as the team continued to balance churn with revenue optimization. As a result ARPU continued to rise both year-over-year and sequentially, partly mitigating broadcast subscriber volume declines. Broadcast ARPU rose 2% to over AUD 80 or US$62. Segment EBITDA improved 34% to $91 million and was up 13% on an adjusted basis. The improvement was driven by $22 million of lower sports programming rights and production costs, as well as lower transmission marketing and employee costs. Finally, on Foxtel, they refinanced their existing AUD650 million revolving credit and working capital facilities and extended the maturity out 18 months to May 2024 at a slight price improvement. Moving on to Dow Jones, Dow Jones delivered another outstanding quarter with year-over-year growth for both revenue and segment EBITDA accelerating versus the second quarter and the first half rate. Revenues for the quarter were $421 million, up 6% compared to the prior year with digital revenues accounting for 74% of total revenues this quarter, up six percentage points from the prior year. Circulation revenues again rose 8% due to the growth in digital circulation revenues partially offset by lower single coffee and amenity print volume, which is still impacted by COVID-19 restrictions. Dow Jones continue to post record subscriptions with nearly 4.3 million average subscriptions to its consumer products in the quarter, up 19% from the prior year. Of that nearly 3.3 million were digital-only subscriptions reflecting 238,000 sequential net adds and 29% year-over-year growth. For the Wall Street Journal, there were approximately 3.4 million average subscriptions for the quarter, up 21% from the prior year with digital-only subscriptions growing 29% to over 2.6 million. Revenues from, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance grew 24% improving from the Q2 rate and was the fastest growth since the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Overall, Professional Information Business revenues rose 9%. Within Professional Information Business Risk & Compliance was the largest source of revenue this quarter for the first time on record and is now approaching $200 million in revenues for the full year, compared to approximately $160 million in fiscal 2020. Advertising revenues which accounted for 20% of revenues this quarter, grew 1% to $85 million a marked improvement from the 4% decline last quarter and was the first growth since the first quarter of fiscal 2020. As Robert mentioned, digital advertising revenues had the fastest growth in a decade, up 30% and accounting for 61% of advertising revenues for the third quarter. It is worth noting, that this level of growth came despite, a tough prior year comparison of up over 20% which at the time was a record quarterly performance. Encouragingly, the growth was again broad-based with notable gains in the financial services category. We saw growth in both volume and yield particularly in direct display. Print advertising revenues declined 25% year-over-year, which was an improvement from the 29% decline in the second quarter. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose, 61% to $82 million with margins expanding close to seven percentage points versus the prior year. Total costs declined 2% this quarter which was better than we had expected, mostly due to lower print volumes and other discretionary savings partially offset by higher compensation costs. Our Book Publishing HarperCollins posted 19% revenue growth to $490 million and 45% segment EBITDA growth to $80 million, reflecting another very strong quarter and continues to benefit from the industry-wide increase in consumption. Like the second quarter, revenue growth was again broad-based and was led by the general trade, children's U.K. and foreign language categories. The backlist was the key driver this quarter, accounting for 62% of sales, led by very strong sales from the Bridgerton series, by Julia Quinn. Similar to previous quarters, we are continuing to benefit from a strong rebound in e-books with sales up 38% year-over-year and gains in all categories, while downloadable audio books increased 42% year-over-year. Overall digital sales were up 38%. HarperCollins again demonstrated strong operating leverage. Despite a 15% increase in total costs in part, due to royalties and higher production expenses related to the successful top line performance margins improved by three percentage points. Turning to News Media, we continue to remain focused on rightsizing the cost base and moving towards digital within the segment. Revenues for the quarter were $550 million, down 25% versus the prior year of which, the impact from the divestment of News America Marketing accounted for the majority of the decline. On an adjusted basis revenues declined only 7%, which is an improvement from the 9% decline last quarter. Decline also reflects the $28 million or 4% negative impact from the closure or transition to digital and certain regional and community newspapers in Australia. Circulation and subscription revenues rose 13%, driven by a $26 million or 10% benefit from currency fluctuations, strong digital paid subscriber growth and a couple of price increases partially offset by, lower newsstand sales related to COVID-19. Advertising revenues decreased $215 million or 50% compared to the prior year, reflecting a $199 million or 47% negative impact from the divestiture of News America Marketing and a $23 million or 5% negative impact related to the closure or transition to digital of certain regional and community newspapers in Australia. The remainder of the movement was driven by, favorable foreign exchange partly offset by the continued weakness in the print advertising market, exacerbated by COVID-19. Advertising performance was mixed across the regions with Australia showing moderating declines compared to the second quarter rate, particularly driven by increased retail spending. While the U.K.'s year-over-year performance weakened mostly compared to the second quarter impacted by another lockdown which started at the end of 2020. In the U.S., the trends remained robust with the New York Post posting 21% advertising revenue growth of which digital advertising grew 32%. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was $8 million compared to $24 million in the prior year, due primarily to the absence of the contribution from News America Marketing. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased by $5 million. In our other segment, the third quarter costs were higher than we expected, primarily driven by higher equity compensation due to the rising share price and the initial investment spending related to the implementation of our global shared services initiative. I would now like to talk about, some themes for the upcoming quarter. As noted in the past call, forecasting remains challenging given the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic. At Digital Real Estate Services national residential listings in Australia for April were up 98% compared to the prior year. While the market dynamics are strong these growth rates are exaggerated by the severe COVID-19-related declines experienced in April 2020. Please refer to REA's press release and earnings call for more details. At Move, we remain very encouraged by overall trends and expect the revenue momentum to continue. We continue to expect additional reinvestments at Move in areas such as, brand marketing and product development as we focus on gaining market share and expanding into adjacencies. In Subscription Video Services, we have seen broadcast churn trends moderate during April. And we remain encouraged by strong OTT demand from Kayo and Binge. We expect EBITDA results to be challenged, due in large part to the lapping of the prior year cost savings. As a reminder, the prior year's fourth quarter results included $70 million of lower sports programming costs, mainly due to the suspension of sporting events, as a result of COVID-19. For the current fiscal fourth quarter, we expect to incur those rights which will be impacted by the rising Aussie dollar versus the U.S. dollar as well as some additional costs for further OTT investments. At Dow Jones, overall revenue trends remained favorable compared to the prior year, including strong digital advertising growth. As mentioned last quarter, we expect to reinvest in the business, as we focus on driving revenue growth through its digital assets and expect second half expenses to increase modestly compared to the prior year. In Book Publishing, overall industry trends remain favorable, but we continue to monitor closely the sustainability of recent consumer spending patterns, such as the increasing free time for consumers to read and the increase in the average number of books purchased. We continue to expect performance to moderate in the fourth quarter, in part, due to the strong performance in the prior year, which benefited from increased consumer demand at the onset of COVID-19 lockdowns, and restrictions as well as the successful release of Magnolia Table, Volume 2. At News Media, we expect continued improvement in the fourth quarter, as we lap both the impact from COVID-19 and the sale of News America Marketing in May 2020. Cost decline should moderate, as we lap COVID-19 saving initiatives as well as the divestment of News America Marketing and the closure or digital transition of some of our newspapers in Australia, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. We expect overall profitability trends to improve. And we expect modest revenue impacts from our new licensing agreements. In our Other segment, we expect the fourth quarter cost to increase around $20 million versus the prior year in-part due to the reduction of bonuses in the prior year, higher share price and the costs related to the global shared services initiative. Our year-to-date free cash flow available was $762 million compared to $63 million in the prior year, benefiting from higher EBITDA, improvements in working capital and lower CapEx. Some of the working capital improvement is timing related, but we're very pleased with the progress made to date. Also note that the fourth quarter balance sheet will reflect the proceeds from our recent senior notes offering, together with the three recently announced acquisitions, which will impact our interest expense and cash balance. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Also management has asked that you limit yourself to one question. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Alan Gould with Loop Capital.
Alan Gould: Thanks for taking the question. Robert, these results at REALTOR are quite impressive. Can you just look out three, five years and give us some sense of what the opportunity is for Digital Real Estate in the United States?
Robert Thomson: Well, I'm not sure I'm that precedent and I certainly don't pass myself off as a soothsayer. But we are firmly of the view that real estate properties make us the world's leading digital property company. And we also are firmly of the view that we have vast potential for growth, given the markets in which we operate and given our successful acquisition strategy. And equally, we are firmly of the view that the full value of our digital property assets and their potential is not yet entirely recognized in our share price. We now have a global leadership of our real estate assets with Tracey Fellows and her appointment itself was a sign of our intention and our ambition. And she's not just working through ideas for the future. She's driving the business and seeking out new opportunities, such as cities, such as rental and such as other adjacencies that will generate even more momentum.
Alan Gould: If I can just…
Mike Florin: Thank you, Alan. We’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Good morning, guys. Just in terms of the investment at Move and Dow Jones you've been calling out, should we be expecting investment to step up in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter? I know you guys, obviously, spoke about this investment in the half year. So just interested how we think about the phasing.
Susan Panuccio: Kane, I'll take that one. So I think, just at REALTOR, if you think about the cost for Q4, we did guide to an additional $40 million of cost in the second half. You probably could assume the bulk of that $40 million that we quoted will hit in Q4. So if you compare that to the Q3 numbers, we also expect those numbers to scale up from a variable cost perspective, given the revenue growth. In relation to Dow Jones, we would expect to see higher costs in Q4, largely as a consequence of compensation and marketing expenditure. But we have been very encouraged by the ongoing cost focus in that business. And as you could see, they had a pretty good cost result for this quarter as well. So probably more investment coming through at REALTOR than what we would expect to see in Dow Jones.
Mike Florin: Thank you. Kane -- thank you, Kane. Todd, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. My question's on the Journal, Dow Jones. When you look at the Wall Street Journal digital subscription, do you think that the change in administration here in the U.S. has a positive? Is it a tailwind going forward for future digital subscriptions, or is it a negative, or is it neutral? I'm sure curious to hear how you think the change in the geopolitical environment may or may not influence the digital sub growth there.
Robert Thomson: Well, the key factor for us is the quality of the Wall Street Journal, the quality of the journalism, the quality of the leadership. We have a great team at Dow Jones with Almar Latour and Josh Stinchcomb, our Chief Revenue Officer, who've done a sterling job collectively in developing our digital expertise. So we don't have to worry about a Trump bump becoming a Trump slump, as you might see in other places. The Wall Street Journal's journalism obviously rises above the -- sort of gormless rhetoric the pants-tearing [ph], the jaundiced journalism that you see in some other places. And so, the Dow Jones results certainly rise above those of the New York Times, both in circulation now in the news segment and in digital advertising, which was almost double that of the New York Times. And so, it is in essence the enduring quality of the Journal that gives us momentum. And those are very positive wins that we're seeing now and are confident that we'll see in the future. 
Susan Panuccio: And Alexia, I think, the other thing that is really encouraging for us is, if I look back over the last 10 quarters and the quarter-on-quarter sort of net adds, the net adds that we had this quarter were the second highest that we've had over those 10 periods and so that gives us confidence actually about the ongoing growth potential within Dow Jones.
Robert Thomson: And to further supplement Susan's wise observation, the acquisition of IBD will give us further opportunity to up-sell to cross-sell across both properties. And that's why we acquired the IBD, which is close to closing. And that's why -- and that investment itself was an indication of our confidence in the sector.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Alexia. Todd, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Entcho Raykovski with Credit Suisse.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. My question is on the other segments. Costs were up circa $50 million in the quarter year-on-year and you're obviously guiding to a further $20 million increase in Q4. I'm just interested in what's driving the incremental uplift relative to the $50 million number which you gave us back in Feb. I mean, is it the share price performance that's driving bonuses? So any color would be useful. And is there an element of catch-up in those numbers? So if we -- as we look into FY 2022, could we expect a stable cost base in other or could there be a potential for a drop as well? Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: Yeah. Look in Q4, we obviously had the absence of some bonuses in Q4 of last year and so we obviously wouldn't expect to see that this year. So we've got that movement that's happening. We also had some of the COVID impacts coming through in Q4. So we did have a couple of one-off cost savings that hit in Q4 of last year which we didn't see repeated -- expected to repeat in Q4 of this year. And we also have the scale after some of the news next step transformation project costs that are going to hit in Q4. So I think when we look sort of going forward, we wouldn't expect to see the large movement that we've been seeing in equity comp. I mean, obviously if the share price continues to go up we'll have that natural fluctuation. So we did have a very depressed share price as a consequence of COVID back in Q4 and so we've been seeing those movements come through this year. 
Mike Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Todd, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Thank you. I want to focus if I could on your IBD acquisition in the book segment. You guys are buying from Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. Obviously, you're spending a little bit over $600 million for the two. I wanted to hear if you agree with this. I mean my take on this, in this environment for you guys to spend over $600 million, which is unlike you. You don't do it too often. And I think you run your balance sheet pretty conservative, you run your company pretty conservative over the years. But for you to do this right now, do you agree with my thought that you must be feeling pretty good, pretty optimistic on the direction of the virus, the direction of the global economies and more importantly direction of your revenues and your great cost containment. When you put it all together that gave you the confidence out there to spend $600 million plus?
Robert Thomson: Craig, look I think that's a fair assessment. We certainly have confidence in our teams and their ability to integrate those acquisitions. We certainly have a fundamental faith in the sectors themselves. And you will see that the financial impact of the acquisitions will be almost immediately positive for both revenue and EBITDA. At both Investor’s Business Daily and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt General Book division are highly profitable. And in Australia Mortgage Choice will surely complement the existing mortgage broking business at REA. And as I mentioned earlier with IBD being 90% digital now, it's extremely contemporary. We will be able to cross-sell and upsell and make the most of our existing content. And there's -- at HarperCollins Brian Murray and the team there's no doubt we have a history of successfully integrating businesses. And so we fully expect profits to increase at both HMH and thus at HarperCollins and thus at News Corp.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Craig. Todd, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Darren Leung with Macquarie. 
Darren Leung: Good morning. Thank you for the update. I just wanted to ask a question around Dow Jones. You obviously talked about the sort of growth trajectory in the Risk & Compliance business. Can you please give us a feel for what the margins look like, not necessarily in FY 2021, but perhaps into the medium term, once you're done investing for The Wall Street Journal versus the Risk & Compliance business please?
Susan Panuccio: We don't give out the margins actually for Risk & compliance. But what we would say is though that they are high margin and they've been scaled. So we are seeing good growth within that particular segment.
Robert Thomson: And as we indicated earlier, the climate for Risk & Compliance is certainly conducive to growth given the advent of US administration that is obviously intent upon increasing regulation and the need for compliance.
Mike Florin: Thanks you, Darren. Todd, we will take our next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar. 
Brian Han: Hi. For Foxtel in Australia, you are still investing in marketing and retention of Foxtel broadcast subscribers, or is most of the marketing efforts directly towards Kayo and Binge? 
Robert Thomson: Well we're certainly focused on all segments at Foxtel and we're genuinely delighted by the progress where we have EBITDA up 34%. And the revenue trends are obviously improving. We haven't seen the spindown from broadcasting that some feared. And Kayo is as we mentioned on the cusp of one million paying subscribers with a user base already larger than that and Binge growing week after week after week. And frankly, all underpinned by world-class cutting-edge technology that provides a great user experience. And its financial position overall is much more robust and Patrick Siobhan and the team deserve much credit for the markedly improved performance. That means, we frankly have options real options.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Brian. Todd, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Sir, at this time, we have no questions. I'll turn it back to you for closing remarks.
Mike Florin: Great. Well thank you Todd. Thank you for all for participating. Have a great day. And as always, we look forward to speaking with you all in the very near future. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-02-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp. 2Q Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Ally. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp.'s Fiscal Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. Across this country and around the world in so many places for so many people, these past few months have been characterized by considerable upheaval, with social, political, financial and health-related tribulations and turmoil deeply profoundly affecting many families, economies and communities. I trust that all on this call and your families have been weathering the storm safely and safely. In the midst of this tumult, which has been a severe stress test for individuals and businesses and countries, I am gratified to report that News Corp has navigated the turbulence, and to be candid, significantly very significantly, increased profitability. We noted 3 months ago that the first quarter was particularly robust. And so I am pleased to report that our second quarter results were even more robust. And this burgeoning is a tribute to the efforts and the commitment and the professionalism of all our employees and to the enduring value of the company's culture created by Rupert Murdoch. In fact, the second quarter of fiscal year 2021 was the most profitable quarter since the new News Corp was launched more than 7 years ago, and there were other significant records established. We have the largest profits for Dow Jones since the acquisition of the company in December 2007. While we reported a 77% rise in EBITDA at subscription video services, where at Foxtel, streaming customers hit an historic high, and we also benefited from lower costs. As Digital Real Estate Services, Move accounted for approximately 80% of that segment's EBITDA growth. And history was made when the New York Post reported a profit for the quarter and for the year-to-date. That is the first profit in modern times at the very least, for what was a chronic loss-making masthead founded in 1801 by Alexander Hamilton. In short, Digital Real Estate Services, Book Publishing and Dow Jones all performed powerfully in Q2, collectively generating segment EBITDA growth of close to 40%. Their continuing expansion highlights profound potential of the company to increase profits and generate value for our shareholders far into the future. These resilient results are founded on our long-term strategic shift in the company's assets, determine digitization and a relentless discipline on costs. We were adamant that we would not be victims of digital dystopia, but that we would contribute to fashioning a more fruitful future for content creators, and we are seeing the results of that result. It is fair to say that regulators globally have joined the digital dots. In the second quarter, every segment in News Corp showed marked operating improvements and contributed meaningfully to our profitability. We continue to see increased cooperation across the company with valuable digital lessons and insights at each business rigorously applied for the benefit of all and to the benefit of shareholders. While overall revenues at over $2.4 billion declined 3 point -- 3% year-on-year, that was fundamentally due to the sale of News America Marketing in 2020. On an adjusted basis, a more genuine like-for-like comparison, revenues rose 2% despite the pernicious consequences of COVID-19. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was $497 million, the highest of any quarter since our reincarnation in 2013. Year-over-year, that represents profitability growth of 40%, while our free cash flow available to News Corp for the half rose by $373 million. A pandemic is indeed a stress test, and News Corp is surely passing that test. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, Move's revenue growth was 28%, and that came despite restrictions in certain states on inspections and thus sales. Having been an ardent supporter of the acquisition of Move, it is worth noting that we believe the net cost of this company, including the substantial settlement we ultimately received from Zillow in our trade secret lawsuit against them is a mere fraction of its current value. Net-net, we paid considerably less than $1 billion for Move in 2014. We believe it is worth vastly more today. And how much will it be worth in 5 years as the digitization of sales in the world's largest property market continues at pace. At the time of our acquisition, realtor.com was a struggling third place platform with modest profitability and fewer than 30 million monthly users. There was some [indiscernible] about the acquisition. But we were absolutely clear that our media platforms and growing digital expertise, plus our experience with REA in Australia would enable us to transform the company. In the first half of this fiscal year, REALTOR has contributed more to our profit growth than the brilliant beacon that is REA in Australia. So how much is REALTOR worth now? How much is New Corp worth? I will let you do the math. To help you do that math, a few specifics. REALTOR traffic has now outgrowing Zillow for 19 of the past 21 months, according to comScore, including the last 11 months in a row. According to our internal metrics, average unique monthly users in the second quarter were 37% higher than the prior year, and we reached each month, on average, 80 million people. Just to give you a sense of site scale and loyalty, we had 8.7 total billion paid views in the second quarter, more than 1 page for every person on our plant, and that number does not include photo galleries of houses. Multiply the number of visitors by the images in those galleries, and you get a sense of the scale of the intense interaction by users. Traffic has continued to grow since the quarter's end, with unique users reaching a record 94 million for the month of January. During Q2, Moves expanded in the rental market through its acquisition of Avail, an online property management platform that focuses on doing yourself landlords and tenants. This is significant given the fact that DIY landlords own and manage about 3/4 of rentals in the U.S. and a rental market according to U.S. Census Bureau data is a $500 billion per year business. So the addressable market is appreciable and appreciated. Also in Q2, realtor.com launched an advertising partnership with Rocket Mortgage, while continuing to build an even more seamless process for consumers wishing to qualify for mortgages to purchase a home. In January, REALTOR announced a partnership with Qualia to provide simplified digital home closings, allowing for greater online collaboration between agents and their clients. Let us be very clear. Buying a home is by far the largest investment that most families will make. And the purchase around that acquisition, whether it be securing a mortgage or starting with electricity or a broadband provider are necessary and valuable adjacencies. The home purchase is at the very center of that cluster of commerce and REALTOR's are at the very center of that purchase. From a macro perspective, the overall housing market in the U.S. not only has proven to be resilient during the time of crisis, it has demonstrated tangible strength with many positive signs of activity even with listing volumes at a historic low. With mortgage rates at a minimum and families expanding their search for better larger homes and new locations, there is reason to be optimistic about the trajectory of the sector. Resilience and optimism also characterized the housing market in Australia, with the emergence from lockdowns in the quarter has led to significant signs of recovery. Australia is still a growing economy, and it will continue to benefit from its location in the world's fastest-growing region. The deep ties with Asia, including India, give it a distinct advantage, along with its reliable legal procedures and stable coherent cogent political system. We believe it is still a country that is far from maximizing its potential and the growth opportunities are pronounced. In the second quarter, REA acquired a controlling interest in Elara Technologies, making it the majority owner of a large and growing Indian digital real estate portal, including housing.com and PropTiger.com. As measured by audience, Elara runs India's fastest-growing digital real estate business, and India itself is one of the world's fastest growing economies. So the possibilities are profound. We are, under Tracey Fellows leadership, by many measures, the world's largest digital property company, and we are acutely focused on the countries that we believe have the largest digital property potential. Meanwhile, HarperCollins had one of its most lucrative quarters with double-digit growth across every category. There were many successful new releases. While the back was bolstered both revenue and profitability as did our continued growth in digital. Brian Murray and the team are at a relatively early stage of the development of audio books and the proliferation of audio devices to the home will only increase the demand for our content. I'm not sure that all investors have yet comprehended the full value of that digital opportunity. As for the resident titles and successful catalog, there was: Didn't You See That Coming by Rachel Hollis; The Happy in a Hurry Cookbook, Steve Doocy; The Greatest Secret by Rhonda Byrne; Frontier follies, Ree Drummond; and the continuing strong demand for Magnolia Table, Volume 2 by Joanna Gaines. And then in January, there was Bridgerton. We have the series of 9 Bridgeton books by Julia Quinn, which are prospering, given the popularity of the autonomous series for which a new series has recently been announced. In all, revenues at HarperCollins ascended 23% in the quarter, and segment EBITDA surged 65% over the prior year. Dow Jones also set records this quarter, including having its highest absolute EBITDA since News Corp acquired the company in late 2007, with segment EBITDA up 43%, while the New York Times eked out a 1% increase. Digital advertising expanded 29%, the highest quarter in Dow Jones history, while digital advertising at the New York Times fell by 2%. Clearly, print was challenged during a pandemic period in which distribution was compromised. But overall advertising was down just 4%. Comparing dramatically with The New York Times, where it slumped 19%. In our professional information business, Risk and Compliance continued its record of extraordinary expansion with year-over-year revenue growth accelerating to 21%. Q2 marks Risk and Compliance 22nd consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth year-over-year. Given international tension with both the U.S. and China in posing controls on companies, and with the new administration in the U.S. inclined to tougher regulation, how bright are the prospects for Risk and Compliance. If anyone on this call works for a company that is not yet a client, I suggest that you remedy that dereliction. Traffic and subscribers across Dow Jones properties are surging. And Almar and the team are determined to make the most of the opportunity. WSJ digital-only subscriptions were up 28% and MarketWatch also had a successful digital subscription launch in Q2. We have always insisted that our strategy is to upsell at Dow Jones given our nonpareil portfolio. And so it's worth noting that more than 70% of those MarketWatch subscribers chose a bundle that included subscription to Barrons. As for traffic, average monthly unique users across the Dow Jones digital network were up 48% in the quarter, reaching 127 million, driven by 64% growth at both the Wall Street Journal and Barron's. In Subscription Video Services, our strategy to reshape the Foxtel Group as the next-generation subscription business is clearly gaining traction with total closing paid subscriptions increasing 12% and setting a new record of over 3.31 million. OTT now accounts for 40% of Foxtel's paying subscriber base, with more than 1.3 million streaming subscribers. The actual growth rate in streaming subscribers was over 90% driven by the strength of Binge, which launched last May and the continued expansion of Kayo. In the past, there has been skepticism about whether we could transition from our reliance on traditional broadcast, but hat those concerns have proven unfounded, and Foxtel is now a company with a diverse portfolio and much momentum. I would like to repeat that EBITDA at the Subscription Video Services segment for the quarter rose 77% on the same quarter last year. And for the first half, segment EBITDA was 34% higher. Growth has been crucial for that success. But we have a leadership team at Foxtel steered ably by Siobhan McKenna and Patrick Delany that has been absolutely focused on reviewing every aspect of the company's performance and diligently reducing costs where appropriate. That insight, foresight and discipline have contributed to the transformation of the company and given us a powerful platform and much optionality for the future. We have now secured long-term rights to the 3 most popular sports in the country, Aussie Rules, Rugby League and cricket, which had astounded success in the summer with the tour of the triumphant Indian team. Record after record was set on the cricket pitch and on the screen, whether they were traditional screen or a digital device. And that multi-platform future is now secure with both Australian Rules and Rugby, thanks to our partners at Telstra. Over 3 million live pass customers will have the opportunity to transition to Kayo over the coming months so that they can watch their teams, when they want to watch, how they want to watch, where they want to watch and on whatever device they want to launch. This is a monumental moment for Foxtel. Our News Media segment also contributed meaningfully to News Corp's profitability this quarter, with digital ad growth in the U.K. and at The New York Post. We had indeed indicated that the New York Post was on a path towards profitability, and it certainly achieved that doll in the second quarter. Our task now is to ensure its long-term profitability, given the challenges in that sector. Digital ad growth at the post was 64% up year-over-year. For the quarter, digital advertising accounted for nearly 90% of the total, page views of the posts were up 37%. It was also a quarter in which The Post reported a significant victory for all media for the freedom of the press by standing resolute and principled against censorship imposed by Twitter. Ultimately, Twitter realized that it's made an egregious mistake and thankfully, reversed it's decision. Our journalist are not lap dogs with laptops. Our journalists are not stenographers, our journalists are not wonks. Our journalists are awake to their profound responsibilities. In Australia, we were fortunately ahead of the curve in transitioning many of our local and regional print properties to digital platforms, which help them weather the storm of lockdown. Our Australian leadership under Michael Miller was disciplined in reducing costs and yet remained ambitious for our news platforms during this time of transition for journals. And Rebekah Brooks showed real leadership in the U.K. across our baskets like The Sun and The Times in our emerging digital businesses and it will as our radio network, which reached nearly 5 million listeners. In both Australia and the U.K., we are using our skills in video and audio to enhance our traditional platforms, and that is clear at Times Radio, which is an extension of a newspaper founded in London in 1785. On these calls, I've often referenced the ongoing debate with what is loosely called Big Digital. I personally regard that moniker as a euphemism. We're at a pivotal moment of those discussions in Australia, where new regulations and new terms of trade will be introduced. But that debate now extends across the globe. There is not a single serious digital regulator anywhere in the world who is not examining the opacity of algorithms, the integrity of personal data, the social value of professional journalism and the dysfunctional digital ad market. This has been an imperative for News Corp for far more than a decade. I gave evidence the House of Lords in London on this various subject in 2007. And it has been an imperative because we truly care about the social value of journalism, and we believe that the social value has a commercial value. This enduring often solitary campaign would not have been successful without the further support of Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch and the News Corp Board. We expect that the new tech topography will benefit our company's financial fortunes. That is for certain. And it will also have a material impact in not only the countries in which we operate, but in every country. An ambitious inspired young woman starting a digital news site in Nigeria or in Birmingham, England or Birmingham, Alabama, now has a far better, a far, far better chance of sustainable success. Finally, I want to thank all those contributed to the singular success of News Corp in this historic quarter. That would be all our employees who've contributed each day in courageous compassionate ways. I salute those individuals for what they have done and for what they continue to do for the company and for their communities. Thank you. While the macro environment remains unpredictable, our goal is to ensure that new score is best positioned for long-term success and that our value is absolutely appreciated by investors. And now I hand you to Susan Panuccio for some wise words.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Fiscal 2021 second quarter total revenues were over $2.4 billion, a decline of 3% versus the prior year, while total segment EBITDA was $497 million, up 40% year-over-year, reflecting strong performances across all of our key reportable segments, driven by a combination of improved operating trends and cost reductions. This is the highest quarterly segment EBITDA since the company was formed in 2013. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact from acquisitions and divestitures, most notably the sale of News America Marketing in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 as well as currency fluctuations and other items disclosed in our release revenues rose 2%, while total segment EBITDA grew 39%. Net income for the quarter was $261 million compared to $103 million in the prior year. For the quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.39 as compared to $0.14 in the prior year. Adjusted EPS was $0.34 in the quarter compared with $0.18 in the prior year. Turning now to the operating segments. Digital Real Estate Services segment revenues were $339 million, an increase of 15% compared to the prior year, which is more than double the rate in the first quarter, driven by another record quarterly performance for Move. On an adjusted basis, revenues increased 11%. Segment EBITDA rose 20% to $142 million or 19% on an adjusted basis despite higher investment spending, which was in contrast to the first quarter. Results also included $6 million of costs associated with Move's acquisition of Avail and the Elara transaction at REA. Move's operating results accounted for over 75% of segment revenue growth and approximately 80% of segment EBITDA growth this quarter. Move's revenues accelerated to $155 million, a 28% year-over-year increase, with real estate revenues rising 30%. As Robert mentioned, realtor.com traffic reached 80 million average monthly unique users, reflecting an increase of 37% year-over-year with growth in December accelerating to 44%. Monthly average lead volume remained very strong, growing over 30%. Like the first quarter, we saw strong growth in the performance-based referral model, which accounted for approximately 30% of total Move revenues in the quarter, benefiting from the growth in lead volume, higher home prices and real estate transaction closes. Not only did we see an acceleration in the revenue growth of the referral model this quarter compared to the prior quarter but we also saw growth in Connection Plus, our traditional lead generation product, driven by strong customer demand, enabling improved pricing and higher sell through. As our referral revenues are recognized upon transaction closures, only around 20% of the associated revenues from leads generated in this quarter are reflected in the results. This provides a strong pipeline through the balance of the year, assuming continued favorable housing conditions. These results are very encouraging, and we remain focused on expanding our addressable market through the integration of key ancillary services, including our Rocket Mortgage partnership. We've contributed $19 million to the segment EBITDA growth this quarter versus the prior year, driven by the strong top line growth. As we had previously indicated, we are increasing our investment levels in REALTOR, given the rapid performance in lead volume and further expansion into adjacency. Revenues at REA Group rose 6% to $184 million, reflecting a $12 million or 7% benefit from currency fluctuations. COVID-19 restrictions eased during the quarter, including the removal of property inspection restrictions in Melbourne. Residential listings for the quarter rose 10%, including 25% growth in Metro Melbourne and 13% growth in Sydney. A new developer project launches increased 12% on the prior year. REA's results benefited from growth in residential revenues, which was offset by declines in commercial and Asia. It also is worth remembering that as a consequence of COVID, REA did not implement a price increase in July. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more detail. Turning to Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $511 million, up 2% versus the prior year and included a $33 million or 7% positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Adjusted revenues were down 5%, an improvement on the Q1 decline of 7%, benefiting from moderating broadcast subscription revenue declines and the expansion of OTT revenues. Foxtel's closing paid subscriber base reached over 3.3 million as of December 31, up 12% year-over-year, with OTT expanding to over 1.3 million paying subscribers, close to double the prior year's number with Kayo reaching 624,000 and Binge at 431,000 paying subscribers. Kayo subscribers declined slightly quarter-over-quarter due to seasonality, but the decline was much less pronounced than last year as the business successfully managed to transition from winter to spring and summer sporting codes, underpinned by the exclusive cricket content. Residential broadcast subscribers declined about 11% to approximately $1.8 million, relatively consistent with last quarter. Commercial subscribers declined 18% year-over-year to 218,000, with the trend improving sequentially, having bottomed out at 86,000 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 as a consequence of the pandemic. Broadcast churn was somewhat elevated at 17.5% versus 16% in the prior year, impacted by a strategy to reduce promotional offers, which resulted in the roll-off of lower ARPU subscribers. The financial benefit is reflected in a 3% increase in ARPU to almost AUD 80. Segment EBITDA improved 77% to $124 million, the continuing cost transformation at Foxtel, desire to rightsize the cost base was the driver of profitability. Total cost declined approximately 10%, including $35 million of lower sports programming rights and production costs, which was primarily driven by savings from renegotiated sports rights partially offset by the $20 million negative impact related to the deferral of these costs from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Expenses also benefited from lower entertainment programming costs and lower overheads. Some of the cost benefits are timing related, which will reverse later in the year, I will touch on these later. Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones delivered its highest revenue quarter since separation in 2013 and its higher segment EBITDA quarter since News Corp's acquisition in 2007. Revenues for the quarter were $446 million, up 4% compared to the prior year, with digital revenues accounting for 70% of total revenues this quarter, up 6 percentage points from the prior year. Circulation revenues rose 8% due to growth in digital circulation revenues, partially offset by lower single copy and amenity print volume still impacted by COVID-19. As Robert mentioned, Dow Jones again achieved record subscriptions in the quarter with average subscriptions to its consumer products for the quarter exceeding $4 million, up 18% from the prior year and off that digital-only subscriptions were over $3 million, up 29% year-over-year. For the Wall Street Journal, there were 3.2 million average subscriptions for the quarter, up nearly 19% from the prior year, with digital-only subscriptions growing 28% to nearly 2.5 million. Revenues from Dow Jones Risk and Compliance grew 21%, which was a faster growth rate than the past 3 quarters. Overall, professional information business revenues rose 4%. Advertising revenues, which accounted for 26% of revenues this quarter declined just 4% to $115 million, a marked improvement from the 17% decline last quarter. As Robert mentioned, we had another record quarter for digital advertising with 29% growth and digital accounting for 58% of advertising revenues for the second quarter. We saw growth in all categories, particularly in technology. Print advertising revenues declined 29% year-over-year, which was an improvement from the 39% decline in the first quarter. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 43% to $109 million, with margins expanding to over 24% and up almost 7 percentage points versus the prior year. Costs declined almost 5% this quarter due to lower print volumes and other discretionary savings. At Book Publishing, HarperCollins posted 23% revenue growth to $544 million and a 65% segment EBITDA growth to $104 million, marking the best quarterly performance in its history. Revenue growth was strong across all categories with double digit gains. Robert mentioned the depth of the sub list this quarter, which included strong performances from numerous authors, including Rachel Hollis, Rhonda Byrne, Ree Drummond and Joanna Gaines and David Walliams among others. Similar to what we saw in the past 2 quarters, we are continuing to benefit from a strong rebound in e-books with overall digital sales up 15% year-over-year. E-book sales increased 21% year-over-year with gains in all categories, while downloadable audio books increased 10% year-over-year. We have continued to see higher online sales and, in particularly, benefited from strong orders from Amazon and other e-commerce platforms during the holiday season. But perhaps more importantly, we are seeing very strong consumption levels, likely benefiting from stay-at-home measures and a continuous flow of new content. Revenues increased at low double digits across the backlist, notwithstanding, they contributed 55% of sales this quarter, down from 58% last year due to the larger mix of the front list titles. HarperCollins again demonstrated strong operating leverage despite a 16% increase in cost, in part due to royalties and higher production expenses related to the successful top line performance, margins improved by almost 5 percentage points. Turning to News Media. Despite ongoing challenges, we remain focused on rightsizing the cost base and moving towards digital, helped by a moderation in advertising revenue trends. Revenues for the quarter were $573 million, down 29% versus the prior year, of which the impact from the divestment of News America marketing accounted for the majority of the decline. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact from the divestment of NAM and Unruly and the other items mentioned in our release, revenues declined 9%, which is an improvement from a 16% decline in the first quarter. The decline also reflects $34 million or 4% negative impact from the closure or transition to digital of certain regional and community newspapers in Australia. Circulation and subscription revenues rose 5%. There's a $9 million or 4% benefit from currency fluctuations, strong digital paid subscriber growth and cover price increases offset lower news stand sales related to COVID-19. Overall, the year-over-year trends in local currency were better in both the U.K. and Australia compared to the first quarter. Circulation revenues accounted for 45% of total segment revenues. And was slightly higher than advertising this quarter as the mix of revenues become more reoccurring and predictable. Advertising revenue fell $231 million or 48% on a reported basis, of which $191 million or 40% was from the sale of News America Marketing, and $28 million or 6% was related to the negative impact from the closure or transition to digital of certain regional community titles in Australia. The remainder of the decline was due to the overall weakness in the print advertising market. On a positive note, the New York Post continued to outperform with advertising revenues up 23%, and as Robert mentioned, digital advertising up 64%. In fact, digital revenues at the New York Post exceeded 50% of total revenues this quarter. And overall, the New York Post had its highest digital revenue since 2013. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was $66 million, flat with the prior year despite the $22 million a onetime benefit in the prior year related to a settlement of certain warranty related claims in the U.K. and the absence of the modest contribution from News America marketing. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 5%, which included a $5 million positive contribution from the New York Post. I would now like to talk about some things in the upcoming quarter and the second half. Overall, we expect to see some slowdown in the second half results with forecasting remaining particularly challenging given the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic. At Digital Real Estate Services, as REA noted, National Residential Listings in Australia for January were flat to the prior year. Results will reflect a small loss related to the consolidation of Elara Technologies in the second half. Please refer to REA's press release and earnings call for more detail. At Move, we remain encouraged by the traffic and lead volume trends, which are expected to drive higher revenues in the second half despite the historically low listing volumes across the industry. We expect these higher revenues to fund at least $40 million of additional reinvestments in the second half compared to the prior year in areas such as brand marketing and product development as we focus on gaining market share and expanding into adjacencies. In Subscription Video Services, we have seen broadcast churn continue to increase due to the ongoing focus on ARPU and seasonal trends with the end of winter sports. However, Kayo has remained resilient, and our OTT subscriber growth led by Binge remains strong. We expect EBITDA results in the second half to be more challenged due in part to the lapping of the prior year cost savings. As a reminder, fiscal 2020 fourth quarter results included a $70 million cost benefit due to the deferral of sports rights and production costs related to COVID-19. We now expect full year overall cost declines, given the better-than-expected revenue performance to be more modest than we had initially expected, with a net reduction of less than AUD 100 million. This includes approximately AUD 80 million of higher sports comp in the second half of fiscal 2021, particularly in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year period. At Dow Jones, overall revenue trends remained favorable compared to the prior year, including strong digital advertising growth. As we look to the rest of the year, we continue to expect to reinvest in the business as we focus on driving revenue growth to its digital assets and expect second half expenses to increase modestly compared to the prior year. In addition, third quarter will face a more difficult digital advertising growth comparison. In Book Publishing, overall industry trends remain favorable, we continue to monitor closely the sustainability of recent consumer spending patterns, such as the increasing free time for consumers to read and the increase in the average number of books purchased. The second half comparables will be tougher, particularly in the fourth quarter, given the material outperformance last year and as we lap some of the initial benefits at the outset of COVID-19. At News Media, the ongoing national lockdown in the U.K. and domestic travel restrictions in Australia continue to put pressure on print circulation, especially with daily newsstand and are also creating increased uncertainty on advertising spend across most categories. Cost declines in the second half are expected to moderate from the first half rate as we lap some COVID-19 saving initiatives as well as the divestment of News America Marketing and the closure or digital transition of some of our newspapers in Australia in the fourth quarter. In our other segment, for the second half, we expect at least a $50 million increase in cost, driven by a combination of higher equity comp related to the stock price performance and the absence of the bonus reductions across the senior executive team in the prior year in response to COVID-19 as well as additional costs related to the implementation of the global shared services initiative. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan.
Zilu Pan: This is Zilu Pan on for Alexia. Digital advertising at Dow Jones continues to outperform some of your peers. And I'm wondering if there's any further color you can give on why you think you are doing relatively quite well on that front. Is there a vertical SKU or specific advertising products driving the outperformance? And then just some Foxtel with better results at the segment due to the streaming products, what indicators or trends are you looking for to determine the next steps for that asset?
Robert Thomson: Well, first of all, Dow Jones. We have a great team at Dow Jones led by Almar Latour and Josh Stinchcomb, our Chief Revenue Officer, he's done a sterling job in developing our digital ad expertise. And that's across wsj.com, MarketWatch, Barron's and beyond. And the increase has been across categories, but also in new categories in custom advertising. And it's clear that if you want not just a safe space, but a space that is brand-enhancing and an audience that's still most influential in the world in [indiscernible] well heeled, then Dow Jones has comparative advantages. Just one broader point to bear in mind with the imminent death of the cookie, our vast audience in the U.S., for example, will be particularly valuable and Dow Jones is a significant component in that. When you add together the uniques across our U.S. businesses, and this is not dejobbing, as you can tell from the number, but we have a close to 350 million monthly nicks. So that's in the advertising audience that's important for Dow Jones but for all our properties.
Susan Panuccio: And I think just to add to Robert's comment, we also, under Josh, who leads the sales team at Dow Jones have been very focused over the past 18 months on improving our ad tech capabilities, upskilling the sales force and improving yield management, which we now believe we're starting to see the benefit of in addition to obviously, the audience growth. And just in relation to the second question for Foxtel. When we think about the trends that we're looking at and the next steps for the assets, well, clearly, OTT will be an ongoing focus for us in that business. As well as the stability in broadcast as the team focus on the management of the base subscribers within broadcast. And they are clearly focused on costs as well. They've done a tremendous job in the first half or really over the last10 months since COVID-19 started in taking out the underlying cost of the business, the renegotiation of sports and entertainment contracts, but we'll be particularly looking forward to the growth within the OTT properties.
Robert Thomson: And to complement Susan's comments, so let's consider how the Foxtel narrative has changed to the questions we have been asked a couple of quarters ago whether we would need to put extra capital into Foxtel and then we're asked whether some spec wanted to buy more speculation and speculation. And the truth is that the successful development of the business has given us real options. And our immediate task and the team's task is to keep driving the business to keep striving, we've obviously made a fairly successful migration to streaming up 90% year-on-year. And we obviously have hits with Kayo and Binge, and we obviously have more work ahead. But the path to the future is certainly paid with possibility.
Operator: We'll go ahead and hear from Kane Hannan from Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Congratulations on the result. Just 2 for me. Firstly, just the Move revenue outlook. You're talking about $40 million back to the incremental investment. You're seeing strong traffic growth. You won't have the agent concessions in the fourth quarter. Do you think it's possible that, that revenue growth continues to accelerate in the second half? Or just how should we think about the revenue trends? And then secondly, just on the global shared services initiative, I think it was the $100 million bucket you were talking about at the full year result. Just given some of these increasing investment you're talking to in the second half, just interested how we should be thinking about that program in FY '22 and whether there's any change to those sorts of targets?
Susan Panuccio: Thanks. Kane, I might take those questions, and Robert can add and supplement as he will. So just in relation to the sustainability of Move growth, I mean, we remain very confident in the growth of the business and are encouraged by the traffic and the lead volumes, as we talked about in our prepared remarks, notwithstanding the industry listing volumes remain at historically low levels. We do expect with the revenue growth, the cost will increase. And I think the interesting thing to note, when we think about the results for this quarter versus the first quarter, actually, the cost increased this quarter. And so it was really top line revenue growth that was dropping down to the bottom line. So we do think that the revenue growth will continue, and we do want to scale up those costs in the reinvestment areas that I mentioned, marketing and product development. Just in relation to shared services, yes, we did quote $100 million for financial year '22. We're still holding that number at this stage, notwithstanding the cost work that we've done across the business. We do still think that there are enormous opportunities, but it will require, obviously, a lot of work and reconfiguration of our systems in order to unlock those savings. But at this stage, the guidance is still $100 million for financial year '22.
Robert Thomson: And just to supplement, Susan, particularly on Move, clearly, we have to be somewhat cautious in the second half of the year simply because of the complications of COVID. There's a lack of visibility for many of our businesses. And you can see that reflected in our words today. We are certainly taking nothing for granted despite the excellence of the Q2 results. But at Move, the signs are positive, at least in January, and David and the team at REALTOR. With January normally a slower month, unique users rose 37% to $94 million, and the lead volume remained robust. Those are indicators, but we are taking nothing for granted.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Entcho Raykovski from Credit Suisse.
Entcho Raykovski: Robert, Susan, I've got a couple. Firstly, within News Media, obviously, significant cost reductions in the quarter. Just interested in whether you can make any comments about the extent to which those cost reductions are permanent. You obviously indicated that print circulation may be challenged in future quarters. So I don't know if that just results in lower print costs, which may come back down the track. And whether you, in fact, see further opportunities for cost reductions within that division. And then second question is around SVS. Following the announcement of the Telstra live pass users transitioning to Kayo, do you have a sense for how many of -- how many of those circa 3 million users do you expect to transition? And do you have any projections you're willing to share around how many of those you'd expect to hold on to after that promotional period is over?
Susan Panuccio: Entcho, maybe if I start with your first question just in relation to News Media. Obviously, there's been a lot of cost work that's been done. And you're right. Some of that is obviously volume related, and some of that will scale up and down depending on how those businesses trade in light of COVID. But there are also significant permanent cost reductions that the teams have been working on. We've had significant reduction in head count that came through in the back end of last fiscal year that is obviously flowing through here. But we do have a lot of costs that have come out in the overhead space as well. Now some of that naturally will come back in as the businesses open up, but we would also hope that some of that may be permanent as we change the way that we work going forward. We also had in the back end of last year significant reduction in marketing expenditure within News Media, we would expect to see some of that start to come back in, but not necessarily the levels that we're seeing. So I think a balance of both as we look forward. And I do think actually that there are still permanent cost reduction opportunities that the businesses are working on within that segment. A lot of that has to do with the restructuring of the business and the reconfiguration, and the teams are actively working on that.
Robert Thomson: And as for the transition from Live Pass to Kayo, this is obviously an extraordinary opportunity for Foxtel. And our partners at Telstra will be doing everything as they can to encourage their users to make that migration around a total of 3.2 million Live Pass members. For those who are interested in Aussie Rules or rugby or any of the many sports on Kayo, this is an extraordinary opportunity to be able to watch a world-class streaming operation at work. And the -- those who've used Kayo and have experienced its ability to not only show 1 game, but many games simultaneously. That experience is definitely compelling. And so we believe that a very large number of Live Pass subscribers will make that migration, but it's so early in the process that at the moment, we don't want to put numbers out there. But with the imminent start of the winter sports season in Australia, I think you are going to see the metrics in coming months, and we'll be able to update you next quarter.
Susan Panuccio: And I think, Entcho, the only other thing to add to that would be that as we think about this exciting opportunity that Foxtel now have, it will scale clearly more from year 1 given the introductory office. So whilst we would expect subscriber numbers to pick up, we'd expect the actual impact on revenue and EBITDA to be more back-ended from year 1 onwards.
Entcho Raykovski: Got it. That's very useful. Maybe just a very quick follow-up. Do you know if there's much overlap at the moment between the existing Kayo subspace and the Live Pass users?
Robert Thomson: It's relatively small, Entcho. Well below 20%.
Operator: We'll now hear from Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Susan, I wanted to hear a little bit further about the costs within your subscription video services, just the remaining part of the year and maybe as we think out to the next fiscal year, anything out of the ordinary there you want to call out further you haven't already touched on?
Susan Panuccio: I guess probably the easiest way to maybe frame the cost in the second half is I expect them to be broadly in line with the cost for the first half, which is net of any of the movements that we've obviously talked about with the deferral of sports rights. With the remainder, we are reminded that the full year cost will absorb approximately AUD 156 million of additional cost year-on-year due to the deferrals of those sports cost. So I think the underlying cost work that, as I said, the Foxtel team has done is starting to pay dividends, but clearly, we've got this double off of sports rights in the current year. But as a frame, I would say, broadly speaking, in line with the first half.
Craig Huber: And my follow-on question, if I quickly ask, as you think out to the next fiscal year, is there any large sports programming contracts up for renewal that might have a significant jump if taken into account in our models, the next fiscal year?
Susan Panuccio: No. We've got -- we've obviously just executed the renewals of the AFL and NRL. So we have those deferred up now 2024 and 2027, and we're not expecting in next financial year significant step-up from an overall basis on sports cost.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions. That does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would now like to turn over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Florin: Well, thank you very much, Ally, and thank you all for participating. We look forward to talking to you soon. Have a great day, and stay safe. Take care.
Operator: And with that, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-11-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the News Corp 1Q Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media will be on a listen-only basis. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to, Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Corey. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it's now posted on our website at, newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive, and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks. And then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements, regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as, total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson, for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. Wherever you happen to be, and whatever time it happens to be virtually and actually, I trust that all are faring well, during these most challenging of times, personally and professionally. We are certainly in the midst of a political uncertainty in the U.S. and continuity is a blessing in these polarized and polarizing moments. Please continue to stay both, safe and sage. I would in particular like to express my gratitude to all our employees, who've traversed this difficult terrain with courage and commitment. And we've played an important empathetic role in their communities, during these stressful months. Despite the harsh conditions and the inevitable COVID-caused disruptions, I am pleased to report that News Corp had a particularly robust first quarter, with resounding year-on-year growth in our profitability and revenue expansion in several key segments. Three vital -- three vital pillars of our company, Dow Jones, Book Publishing and Digital Real Estate Services had notable EBITDA growth and higher revenue in Q1. Consolidated revenues were over $2.1 billion. And while that was down 10% year-over-year adjusted revenues which exclude News America Marketing, Unruly and other items noted in the press release were only 3% lower. Consequentially in Q1, News Corp's total segment EBITDA was $268 million, an increase of 21% year-over-year evidence of the strength of our core businesses and the growth potential of those sectors in which we have made significant acquisitions in particular, Digital Real Estate and Book Publishing. We are also benefiting from our strategy to simplify the company, allowing us to focus on the segments that have the greatest growth potential, as well as ensuring that we are resolutely reducing shared costs around the company. We are determined to provide greater transparency for investors and the presentation of Dow Jones, as a separate segment was integral to that continuing process. Turning now to the details, Digital Real Estate Services flourished this quarter. Despite, limits on home inspections and other COVID-related disruption, revenues increased 7% year-over-year, while segment EBITDA surged 45% year-over-year led by particularly strong results at Move, operator of realtor.com, which had record revenues in the quarter of $138 million. Both REA and realtor.com reported record traffic during the quarter, with the latter having reached a high 92 million monthly unique visitors in August, while traffic was up 26% for the quarter. Based on comScore data, REALTOR has outpaced Zillow in audience growth for 16 of the past 18 months. This success comes as realtor.com continues to focus on transforming its business towards a data-rich referral model. We are convinced there's a substantial opportunity for REALTOR to expand its market from a still deep pool of real estate marketing dollars to provide value-added services at premium prices in mortgages titles and other adjacent categories.  I would note realtor.com's new partnership with Rocket Mortgage, as one example of the company's growth potential and our efforts to expand the addressable market. realtor.com also recently launched the Seller's Marketplace to provide listings for our buyers without the antediluvian approach of our main competitor, which has been doubling down on its house flipping business. We are a genuinely nimble, agile digital company. And will leave bricks-and-mortar to the specialists. realtor.com is also constantly focused on improving transparency. And choice for those buying and selling homes, including higher-quality estimates and salient information about everything from flood risk to neighbourhood noise levels. We have been introducing features, while still being cost-conscious. And that flense of creativity and discipline is behind, the burgeoning of the business. At REA, while listing volumes have patently been affected by government-imposed COVID restrictions, the business still posted a higher profit contribution. What we are seeing at both companies is that the pandemic has been a catalyst for many families to reconsider their current housing and environment prompting an increasing number to seek less dense areas and larger properties. As the restrictions on movement, ease we believe that trend is likely to gather momentum, particularly at a time of record low interest rates. As we noted earlier, Dow Jones is now reported as a separate segment, which is innate part of our efforts to increase transparency and highlight an inherent value. As you can see from the company's resounding results, there is much to savour, about the business and its prospects. As we noted in our Investor Day presentation, Dow Jones aims to double its subscribers, given an incremental pool of 12 million prospective Dow Jones premium customers in the U.S. alone. And as the world's leading provider of business news and analysis, Dow Jones and The Wall Street Journal have maintained premium pricing. And we are increasing our efforts to up-sell our customers' high-value specialist products. Revenue benefited from accelerating digital circulation and digital advertising growth and continued expansion of risk and compliance. These compensated for not unexpected decline in print advertising. Though, the total ad decline was not as marked as that of other publishers. As a result, Dow Jones segment EBITDA grew 47% year-over-year. A few metrics to note behind that admiral result at a turbulent time. Risk and compliance revenues rose, 16% year-over-year representing the 21st consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. The Wall Street Journal reported 27% growth in digital-only subscriptions. And total Dow Jones subscriptions increased 18% in the quarter, reaching approximately 3.9 million. MarketWatch also had a buoyant quarter with the highest first quarter revenue results in its history, as traffic surged to 52 million average monthly uniques. In recent days we have moved to further monetize that fast-expanding audience, by introducing subscriptions and enhancing the news flow for loyal readers. The early results are rather positive for both, MarketWatch and Barron's. To gain the sense of the size of the Dow Jones universe, which like the actual universe is still expanding traffic across the digital network rose 54% year-over-year in Q1, averaging 127 million unique users per month according to Adobe Analytics. And we firmly believe we are still at a relatively early stage of our potential audience and revenue growth. Meanwhile, in Book Publishing, HarperCollins also reported a strong quarter with revenues increasing 13% and segment EBITDA, up 45%. Again, those results reflected a mix of the creativity of the commissioning along with disciplined, diligent cost control. Reopened bookstores restocked their shelves with compelling HarperCollins tones and overall digital sales in Q1 were up 20% compared to the prior year continuing a trend that was evident in Q4 of fiscal 2020. Direct-to-consumer revenues rose almost 38% year-over-year. And the I Can Read! Book Club for children nearly quadrupled its membership since February to more than 95,000 monthly active users as of quarter end. Best-selling authors included Daniel Silva, Jenna Bush Hager, Lucy Foley, Ben Shapiro and LeBron James. And looking ahead, we have high hopes for Frontier Follies by Ree Drummond, The Greatest Secret by Rhonda Byrne, Concrete Rose by Angie Thomas and Code Name Bananas by David Walliams which is being released today. At Foxtel, there was marked improvement in the growth of the OTT business, which saw total closing paid subscriptions reached a new record high with nearly 3.3 million subscribers. This includes over 1.2 million paying customers of Kayo, Foxtel Now and the recently launched Binge. In total, there was a 67% year-over-year growth in the OTT base. To be specific, as of September 30, Kayo had 644,000 paid subscribers and 691,000 total subscribers. Foxtel Now had 298,000 paid subscribers and 310,000 total subscribers. And the burgeoning Binge had 290,000 paid subscribers and 321,000 total subscribers. One other note about Binge, the active subscriber is watching for 7.5 hours a week. So we are clearly pleased with how they're binging on Binge. In the News Media segment, the rate of year-over-year revenue decline moderated compared to Q4. Obviously, the direct year-on-year comparisons are complicated by the sale of both NAM and Unruly. Cost consciousness continue to be raised with one recent announcement of note. In September, we did our plans to shift the printing of The Wall Street Journal the New York Post and Barron's to the New York Times plant in Queens and we are actively exploring options for the Bronx Print Plant site, for which there has been considerable interest. This decision involved much agonizing as the Bronx plant and its talented committed staff have played an important role in the history of the company and the U.S. newspaper industry. Their sterling efforts will resonate for many decades to come as the mastheads continue their migration to digital in a rapidly changing media environment. A measure of that evolution is that the New York Post digital network traffic grew 35% in September, year-over-year to 144 million unique users. Digital advertising in the quarter climbed over 20% and nearly 90% of advertising revenues at the Post are now digital. The transformation of News Corp Australia continue to pace with the transition of most of our community in regional mastheads to digital-only. All told, our Australian titles saw strong digital subscription growth, up 26% year-over-year to 685,000. In the U.K. The Times and Sunday Times digital subscribers expanded 8% to 337,000 and also saw strong ARPU growth. Also in the U.K. Times Radio launched last quarter has already exceeded over 100,000 listeners each week, clearly benefiting from our leveraging of the strong Times brand and talent. Of course, it is also a powerful marketing platform for all of our U.K. titles and businesses. Finally, it should be clear to all that the digital landscape is changing dramatically and we are at the forefront of that change. It could even be argued that much of that change would not have happened without News Corp's advocacy over the past decade. The drive towards achieving a premium for premium content has gathered momentum and we are pleased that negotiations with the large platforms are ongoing. This is certainly not the end of the issue but without being too Churchillian it is the end of the beginning. Now more than ever, we believe it is evident that News Corp has value above and beyond the sum of our parts. So that mathematical fact is yet to be fully realized for our investors. That value should be more visible now that we have broken out the Dow Jones results, which also increases the scrutiny of our other news businesses which are themselves in the midst of a successful transition. We plan to continue simplifying the business and are open to making structural changes to maximize value and will continue to address the cost base. Unlike most media companies we have the option of optionality having carefully mastered our cash reserves which have improved since the pandemic began. I believe our continuing concerted initiatives are making us a more focused and more digital company, which will generate enhanced returns for our investors, in the months, the quarters and the years to come. And now for further financial enlightenment, we turn to Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. As Robert mentioned, we are pleased with the start to the new fiscal year, particularly in an environment which has clearly been marked by unpredictability and uncertainty. Our businesses have responded well to the challenges as evidenced by these results. Fiscal 2021, first quarter total revenues were over $2.1 billion, down 10% versus the prior year while total segment EBITDA was $268 million, up 21% year-over-year led by very strong growth at the Digital Real Estate Services, Dow Jones and Book Publishing segments. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact from acquisitions and divestitures, most notably the sale of News America Marketing in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year, as well as currency fluctuations and other items disclosed in our release revenues were down by only 3% while total segment EBITDA increased by 23%. Net income for the quarter was $47 million compared to a net loss of $211 million in the prior year reflecting the absence of impairment charges and higher total segment EBITDA, partially offset by higher tax expense. The prior year figure reflected $273 million of non-cash impairment charges, primarily at News America Marketing. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.06 as compared to a loss of $0.39 in the prior year. Adjusted EPS were $0.08 in the quarter versus $0.04 in the prior year. Turning now to the operating segments. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues increased 7% to $290 million, a big improvement from the fourth quarter, primarily due to the strength of Move. On an adjusted basis revenues increased 4%. Segment EBITDA rose 45% to $119 million or 40% on an adjusted basis, primarily driven by a meaningful increase in profit contribution from Move, due to a combination of higher revenues and cost reduction measures. The results at Move accounted for over 80% of segment revenue growth and over 70% of segment EBITDA growth this quarter. REA group revenues rose 2%, reflecting a $6 million or 4% benefit from currency fluctuations. National residential listing volumes declined 2% for the quarter impacted by stage four government restrictions in Melbourne, which included a ban on physical inspections. To put that in perspective, Metro Melbourne listings in the quarter declined 44% versus the prior year while the listings in Metro Sydney grew 23%. REA's results benefited from positive FX movements as well as modest residential revenue and financial services growth driven by higher refinancing activity, but the growth was mostly offset by declines in commercial developer and Asia. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call following this call for more details. At Move, we are extremely pleased with our progress during the first quarter. Move revenues rose 12% to $138 million, representing an all-time high with real estate revenues rising 13%. As Robert mentioned, traffic reached record levels with an average of 90 million unique users for the first quarter, an increase of 26% year-over-year. Monthly average lead volume for the quarter grew at an even faster rate at over 40%. We saw material growth in the performance-based referral model which accounted for approximately 30% of total Move revenues in the quarter, benefiting from the growth in lead volume, higher home prices and real estate transaction closes. As I've mentioned in the past, there is a delay in recognizing the revenue from the referral model due to the timing of transaction closes, which in addition to natural real estate seasonal patterns can lead to some volatility quarter-to-quarter as we shift more leads to that model. These results are very encouraging as we further progress towards increasing our addressable market through the integration of key ancillary services like our Rocket Mortgage partnership. While we continue to transition to the referral model the combination of strong lead volume and price increases for our more traditional lead generation business, resulted in a more stable revenue performance this quarter than the prior quarters. Move increased its profit contribution by $28 million versus the prior year driven by the scaling of the referral model, cost efficiencies resulting from the restructuring of the organization last quarter, including completing the integration of REALTOR and Opcity and the deferral of marketing spend. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $496 million, down 4% versus the prior year and included a $20 million or 3% positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations. The revenue decline moderated from the prior quarter a strong growth at Kayo driven by the return of live sports as well as the expansion of Binge partially offset the declines in residential and commercial subscriptions. Foxtel's closing paid subscriber base reached a record high at nearly 3.3 million as of September 30, up 7% year-over-year led by meaningful growth of paying OTT subscriptions, which reached over 1.2 million at quarter end. Broadcast subscribers declined about 10% to 1.85 million. Commercial subscribers declined 23% to 205,000 but marked a big improvement from the fourth quarter due to the reopening of licensed venues in most parts of the country. Foxtel is continuing to work with impacted customers in the pubs clubs and accommodation sectors particularly in Victoria and New South Wales. Broadcast churn was relatively stable at 14.6% versus 14.4% in the prior year, partly impacted by the roll-off of some of the churn mitigation initiatives, but were still below the financial year 2019 and financial year 2020 averages. Broadcast ARPU increased 1% from the prior year to AUD 79, which was also modestly higher than the fourth quarter. Segment EBITDA declined 4% to $78 million and declined 9% on an adjusted basis. Total cost declined approximately 3% or $15 million with a $16 million or 4% adverse impact due to currency fluctuations. Underlying savings were $31 million or AUD 50 million. These savings came despite an increasing sports rights and production costs, partly due to the $36 million or AUD 51 million impact from the timing of some sporting events deferred from the fourth quarter. Foxtel also benefited in the quarter from lower entertainment programming costs as well as declines in transmission and overhead expenses as we see the flow-through from the cost actions taken last year. Moving on to Dow Jones, revenues for the quarter were $386 million, up 1% compared to the prior year with digital revenues accounting for a record 73% of total revenues this quarter, up 8 percentage points from the prior year. Circulation revenues rose 7% due to robust growth in digital circulation revenues, partially offset by lower-single copy and amenity print volume, and marked the meaningful improvement from the fourth quarter rate of 2%. As Robert mentioned, Dow Jones again achieved record subscriptions in the quarter with the year-over-year growth rate slightly higher than the fourth quarter. Dow Jones average subscriptions to its consumer product for the quarter were nearly 3.9 million, up 18% from the prior year. And of that digital-only subscriptions were 2.9 million, up 29% year-over-year. For The Wall Street Journal, there were 3.1 million average subscriptions for the quarter, up nearly 19% from the prior year with digital-only subscriptions growing 27% to more than 2.3 million. Revenues from Dow Jones Professional Information business rose 2% year-over-year, which included 16% growth in risk and compliance. As mentioned at the Dow Jones Investor Day, long-term contracts are 95% of risk and compliance revenues, providing us with a more predictable and reoccurring revenue base. Advertising revenues, which accounted for only 18% of revenues this quarter, declined 17% to $70 million, an improvement from a 28% decline last quarter. Digital advertising revenues again exceeded print advertising revenues, accounting for 57% of total advertising and increased 14%, benefiting from growth in direct display, programmatic and sponsored link revenues. Interestingly, we saw digital revenue growth in every industry category. Print and other advertising fell 39% a more modest improvement from the fourth quarter rate. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 47% to $72 million with margins expanding to almost 19% and up almost 6 percentage points versus the prior year. Overall costs for the segment declined approximately 6%, which combined with the top line growth led to the material margin expansion this quarter. At Book Publishing, HarperCollins had a very strong quarter building on the momentum from the fourth quarter, with revenues up 13% year-over-year to $458 million and segment EBITDA up 45% to $71 million. Revenue growth was driven by general trade and the children's books as well as modest revenue contribution from the Egmont acquisition in the U.K. Adjusted revenues and adjusted segment EBITDA grew 10% and 41% respectively. We saw strong digital growth with digital sales up 20% year-over-year to represent 23% of consumer revenues, up from 22%. E-book sales increased 18% year-over-year with gains in all genres while downloadable audio books increased 26% year-over-year. As Robert noted HarperCollins benefited from a strong release slate, which included Daniel Silva's The Order, Lucy Foley's The Guest List, Ben Shapiro's How to Destroy America in Three Easy Steps, Jenna Bush Hager's Everything Beautiful in Its Time as well as LeBron James' I Promise in children's books. The backlist contributed 61% of sales this quarter, down from 64% last year, which was due to the larger mix of front-list titles this quarter. Turning to News Media. We saw moderation in revenue declines this quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Revenues for the quarter were $487 million down 37% versus the prior year of which the impact from the divestment of News America Marketing accounted for the majority of the decline. On an adjusted basis which excludes the impact from the divestment of NAM and Unruly and the other items mentioned in our release, revenues declined 16% which is an improvement from the 22% decline in the fourth quarter. The decline also reflects a $35 million or 5% negative impact from the closure or transition to digital of certain regional and community newspapers in Australia. Circulation and subscription revenues were flat, as a $10 million or 4% benefit from currency fluctuations strong digital paid subscriber growth and cover price increases in the U.K. offset lower news stand sales related to COVID-19. We have seen print volumes beginning to improve particularly at the weekend papers. Advertising revenue fell $262 million or 59% on a reported basis of which $200 million or 45% was from the sale of News America Marketing, $29 million or a 7% negative impact related to the closure or transition to digital of certain regional and community titles in Australia with the rest of the decline relating to the overall weakness in the print advertising market. Advertising revenues at News U.K. fell 21% or 24% in local currency, while News Australia declined 35% or 38% in local currency which includes the $29 million negative impact or 20% related to the regional and community titles. Advertising revenues at the New York Post increased 6%, which includes 22% digital advertising growth. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was a loss of $22 million compared to a positive $7 million in the prior year or a decline of $29 million. The results reflect lower revenues and the absence of a net $12 million contribution from News America Marketing and Unruly partially offset by higher cost savings across the businesses. I would now like to talk about some of the themes in the upcoming quarter. Needless to say, forecasting continues to remain challenging. At Digital Real Estate Services as REA noted national residential listings in Australia for October were down 1% to the prior year with increases in Melbourne and Sydney. REA has also agreed to take a controlling interest in India's Elara Technologies. And as a result we expect to fully consolidate their results assuming completion on November 30. Please refer to REA's press release for more details. At REALTOR, we remain very encouraged by traffic and lead volumes. We are planning higher reinvestment spending in Q1 given our focus on expanding into adjacencies and growing the addressable market. In Subscription Video Services with the conclusion of Australia's two Tier One winter football seasons the AFL and NRL we expect to see seasonality in Kayo's subscriber numbers as we transition to the summer sports most notably Cricket. For Q2 we expect about $18 million or AUD 26 million of sports rights that were deferred due to COVID-19, but expect offsetting savings due to the ongoing benefit of the cost reduction measures taken in Q4 last year and the continued cost focus within the business. At Dow Jones overall year-over-year trends thus far are similar including strong digital advertising growth. As we look to the rest of the year, we expect modest reinvestment in the business as we focus on driving revenue growth through subscriptions and in risk and compliance. In Book Publishing as Robert mentioned, the key titles in the second quarter include Ree Drummond's Frontier Follies and Rhonda Byrne's, The Greatest Secret. We have continued to see higher online sales. At News Media, overall year-over-year revenue and cost trends remained similar to the prior quarter absent currency although visibility remains limited. As a reminder the prior year included a $22 million onetime benefit to segment EBITDA from the settlement of certain warranty claims at News U.K.'s printing business. We also expect some investment as we ramp our global shared service initiative over the course of the year. The COVID-19 crisis has presented challenges across all of our businesses and they have responded in a balanced and measured way. They will continue to focus on finding the right balance between permanent cost reduction and investment in growth opportunities, while keeping a close eye on the macroeconomic conditions and government responses to the virus within their own markets. We believe, we are well positioned as we move forward with a greater focus on digital across the company and a more disciplined approach to costs. With that let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs. 
Kane Hannan: Good morning guys. Two for me please. Firstly just on Move, very pleasing to see that revenue growth get back into the double digits. Just talk a bit more about how sustainable you think that growth is? And then the reinvestment you commented on Susan what sort of quantum we should be thinking about there? And then secondly just more broadly you've obviously seen the Elara investment come through. But just interested in your thoughts around how you should be capitalizing on your balance sheet strength which obviously have thus progressing the simplification agenda and then trying to realize the value in some of the parts in the current environment?
Robert Thomson: Okay. It's fair to say, REALTOR has truly been renovated. I remember there was skeptics at the time of the acquisition the naysayers who wondered whether we could transform a company that frankly had seen better days. Well the best days are now clearly ahead. We've used our editorial expertise and reached the power of our media platforms and a relentless focus on the need of customers to improve user experience and that's showing up in the returns. For us the challenge as you indicated to get the blend rides between continuing expansion and contemporary returns. I mean obviously due to the savvy leadership of David Doctorow and Tracey Fellows, we have had a massive increase in margin. And we have elasticity there. But we believe that we're at the early stage of the exponential expansion of that business. And to be honest, it will also be a beneficiary of our advocacy to change the digital landscape whether it be through digital ad yields or algorithm transparency. And so it will be eminently efficacious for REALTOR for REA for our businesses in Asia and for our operations in India. Now as for structure the most important way of maximizing our real estate properties value is to ensure that they are the fastest-growing most lucrative most innovative sites in the world truly digital in orientation. And shall I say not weighed down by bricks-and-mortar and unsold inventory or the need to renovate a kitchen or add a bidet in the bathroom. The benefits of that creative committed approach to potential vendors to potential buyers and to real realtors is patently obvious in the results last quarter. Now we have Tracey Fellows overseeing our global real estate operations and we have just consolidated our India operations through REA. So there is a shape a structure emerging. And more than that there is a sense of purpose and of profitability. We are by many measures the world's largest real estate company and that business has more than withstood the stress tests of recent months. In fact, the recent months showed the extraordinary potential of that business. 
Susan Panuccio: And just in relation to the reinvestment question that you asked, look we don't obviously give guidance -- specific guidance in relation to the cost. But broadly speaking, we could probably think about the cost reductions that happened this quarter in buckets of headcount-related savings and marketing-related savings and probably half of those savings a little bit more related to marketing. So we would expect to see that scale up as we go throughout the year, obviously depending on audience and revenue growth. And we also will have some reinvestment in product innovation as we look to scale out the platforms. So without sort of giving guidance that's sort ofbroadly speaking how we're thinking about it. 
Michael Florin: Thank you, Kane. Corey, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Entcho Raykovski with Crédit Suisse. 
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. Well done on a very good result. I've got a couple as well. So firstly, I appreciate your comments on digital real estate simplification. But if I can ask directly would you consider spinning out those assets? I'm particularly conscious given the implied value ex-REA is now at very much historically low levels by my calcs REA is now more than 90% of market value. So there's clear -- there seems to be a clear disconnect. So is there some scope for a spinout? And secondly, on Dow Jones costs. Interesting the extent to which you can hold on to the cost reductions which have been achieved in the quarter whether they're largely temporary and really achieved as a result of COVID? Thank you. 
Robert Thomson: Entcho look, we're always open-minded. We're constantly institutionally introspective. But the priority at the moment is to do what we're doing, which is to maximize growth in the past quarter, to maximize profitability, to take advantage of opportunities. And I'm just very proud of what Tracey and David and Owen in Australia are doing at the moment in very difficult circumstances. And as I said in particular with realtor.com, and I'm sure you recall the time of the acquisition where people wondered what we were going to do with that business and whether it had indeed seen better days. And it's very clear from those results last quarter that our best days are ahead. 
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho just in relation to the cost question on Dow Jones. Look obviously, it's tricky to say exactly how we expect the year to pan out. But what I would say is that the team have been very focused on cost. Some of those you're right will be COVID-related cost reductions and we wouldn't necessarily expect to see those replication throughout the year. But some of them actually are real cost reductions. There's been a lot of work on headcount and looking at the right balance between permanent reductions and reinvestment. But we would expect to see ongoing investment in that business, particularly, in relation to subscriber growth risk and compliance and new products as well. So very similar to the commentary around -- I gave on REALTOR. But we are really pleased with the ongoing focus given COVID on costs and we do expect to see some of those cost savings certainly continuing as we go throughout the year. 
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Corey, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. 
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi. I've got a few questions here. Has your thoughts changed at all on the large cash balance that you guys carry every quarter every year in terms of what to do with that going forward? 
Robert Thomson: Craig, we're constantly reviewing cash and capital allocation whether that be returns directly to shareholders or share buybacks for which we have a provision as you know. Well the potential for company-enhancing investments either internally or externally that are transformative for our results and most importantly for shareholders. As Susan just mentioned, we've certainly raised consciousness around the company with the imperative of conserving and preserving cash at a difficult time at a time of pandemic and uncertainty. And the success of that program has given us genuine optionality. But I'd certainly suggest the big investments we've made and you'll be aware that REALTOR and Harlequin books approved their worth at a time when every company is being stress tested by the crisis. And we're proud of how those investments have faired, but particularly proud of how our teams around the world have transformed those divisions. And I think it's fair to say that investors and potential investors can see the momentum and the value in those investments. 
Craig Huber: Okay. Also want to ask…
Michael Florin: Craig, do you want to ask another question? 
Craig Huber: Yes I did. Yes if I could please just real quick. And I guess just in the spirit of transparency here was the EBITDA for realtor.com can you disclose that? Was it roughly $20 million in the quarter? 
Robert Thomson: It would be. I mean Craig we said what the increase in profitability was and the increase in profitability was $28 million. So I think as Susan said that contributed the bulk of the EBITDA improvement at Digital Real Estate. And it was profitable. 
Craig Huber: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Craig. Corey, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar. 
Brian Han: Hi. The snapback in earnings and margins for books was that mostly just natural leverage from higher digital sales, or did your general cost-cutting program play a big role there?
Susan Panuccio: Brian actually it wasn't cost-cutting programs within HarperCollins given their revenue growth. So, they have actually been scaling their costs in accordance with their revenue growth. But they do have clearly a different mix. So, there's a different mix between the front list and the back list quarter-on-quarter. And also it depends on the types of front list mastheads titles that we sell. So, it's a combination of those not necessarily cost-driven more revenue-driven this quarter.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Brian. We'll take our next question please, Corey.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up question from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Hi guys. Thanks for the follow-up. Just around Foxtel just interested in $15 million increase in cost in the quarter and I take the point around currency. But just whether there's any change in the commentary from the full year around the $100 million reduction. And then just on the commercial side of things, just interested if you could talk about the revenue impact. Obviously, I think you said you're working with the pubs and clubs and the subs are back up to 200,000. But just wondering what the if you could talk about a revenue impact in the quarter.
Susan Panuccio: No worries, Kane. So, just in relation to the cost it was a net underlying saving of AUD50 million. So, I think that's important. And that does include the deferral of the sports rights in there. So, that gives you a sense as to the scale of the reduction that we're seeing within Foxtel. We are expecting for underlying costs to be significant for the full year. The team is still very, very focused on that. But as we mentioned last time there will be a net impact of the deferral of sports costs AUD78 million for the year both programming and then production costs included within that number. But the underlying savings will be significantly higher than that. In relation to the commercial revenue impact of about $14 million this year quarter-on-quarter, you'll see from the subs numbers that we quoted that we have picked up a considerable amount since Q4. We're hoping actually with the opening up of Victoria that we'll actually start to pick that number up again as we move forward. So, they will continue to work on that as we look to build that base back up.
Robert Thomson: And to supplement what Susan said in the context of the COVID-related restrictions on pubs and clubs the impact on advertising we're very pleased with the rapid growth of the streaming business at Foxtel under Siobhan and Patrick. And we will continue to provide the best possible experience for our subscribers wherever they happen to be. As Susan earlier noted our OTT subs are up 67% year-on-year. And by any standard that's a significant expansion of the customer base. While the Foxtel broadcast ARPU actually rose at the same period in U.S. dollars obviously affected by currency part from $53 to $56. As we've already made clear we foresee no need to bolster Foxtel with extra investment which shows that the business is on a particularly positive trajectory. 
Mike Florin: Thank you, Kane. Corey, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Yes. And our final question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Just a couple of quick follow-ups here. On the divestiture front, do you think you're largely done with that? That's my first question. And then secondly is there anything else Susan, you'd want to call out within at Foxtel in terms of timing of costs things that are moving around related to the sports programming costs and anything else that we should be aware of here as we try to model it?
Robert Thomson: On divestiture, look, we're obviously constantly reviewing the portfolio. But really one wouldn't speculate on speculation of any kind. What I would say is that we -- and you can see from the results, we're very proud of our teams around the world all our employees in the way that they've come together and put together a quarter of results which in the circumstances an indication not only of the strength of the company, but of the potential of the company.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig just in relation to the Foxtel costs so just on phasing we had deferral of sports rights which we quoted at $51 million in this quarter. We've said we'll have another $26 million in Q2. So that sort of picks up the bulk of that deferral. But then of course, when you think forward to Q4, you won't have costs in Q4 in the last year in relation to sports rights which you will have next year. So, you almost have a double-up of those costs as we go through this year. In relation to the other cost savings the team actually did a really good job in Q4 of looking at that cost base and getting heads out of the business which sort of continued into the first month of this quarter. So, the actual underlying cost savings that they delivered in Q4 in relation to the heads and a lot of the overhead costs we expect that are in play now and they'll continue throughout the year.
Mike Florin: Thank you. And Corey are there any other additional questions?
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time sir.
Mike Florin: Great. Thank you, Corey and thank you for all participating. Be well, stay safe, and we will talk to you soon. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-08-08 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the News Corp Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Media will be on a listen-only basis. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Nicole. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp’s Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We’ll open with some prepared remarks, and then we’ll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp’s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I’ll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. Let me say initially that I trust all on the call and your families are faring well. These are certainly complex times, and there are few who have not been touched in some manner. The coronavirus has irrevocably changed businesses and our businesses in expediting pre-existing digital trends, in challenging established practices and in prompting necessary introspection about work habits and the workplace itself. There has been much agility and adaptation at News Corp. The vast majority of our employees across the world have been working at home, and the resilience of the company’s culture has been a core component in continuity. Without doubt, digitization has accelerated. And without doubt, all of our businesses have been affected and responded with customary ingenuity. I would like to express my sincere thanks to each of our employees and their families for having responded so promptly, so intelligently and so thoughtfully to these testing circumstances. Evidence of that response was seen in the fourth quarter, when virtually all of our businesses prudently reduced costs, sometimes painfully to ensure that they were robust enough to cope with volatility and disruption. Preserving cash was a priority, and it is worth noting that our cash balance increased in the last quarter by $129 million to over $1.5 billion as of June 30. Revenue comparisons are obviously made complex by the sale of News America Marketing and Unruly, plus the consequences of COVID. But our adjusted revenue for the quarter declined by 13%. Obviously, the net income and EPS were affected by non-cash impairments, primarily at our UK and Australian businesses. And Susan will be able to provide more details momentarily. However, our adjusted total segment EBITDA declined by a modest 10%. This is particularly significant and a somewhat historic earnings call. Regular listeners will recall that we had pledged to simplify the company and make the results more transparent. The sale of News America Marketing and Unruly certainly simplified the structure. And in the quest for transparency, beginning this quarter, we are presenting Dow Jones as a separate segment. This will highlight what we believe are two incontrovertible facts: the substantial and growing value of that company and its superior profit profile and prospects to those in the New York Times. In what has been a difficult year for many media companies, Dow Jones reported a 13% increase in segment EBITDA based on the strength of its professional information business and the preeminence of the Wall Street Journal. Our other global mastheads and digital information properties are gathered in the News Media segment, which will include our Australian titles, many of which are now digital-only: The Times, The Sun and Sunday Times as well as Talksport and Virgin Radio. It may be called News Media, but obviously, the segment is increasingly digital in personality, and virtually all of our mastheads had record audiences during the year. Our journalists have performed admirably in providing crucial insights to readers during the COVID crisis, delivering accurate information and analysis and providing an antidote to conspiracy theories and noxious nonsense proliferating elsewhere on the web. We are continuing to focus on acquiring digital subscribers and audience while rightsizing our businesses to be digital-first, which is necessarily resulting in significant cost reductions. The closure in Australia of many of our storied print editions and the emphasis on digital was further evidence of our willingness to be decisive at an epochal moment. We are very proud of our traditions, and we will always invest in the very best journalism. But the format is less important than the function. And we firmly believe that the digital reincarnation of these titles will ensure a profitable future and a continuing role in their community. We are also constantly restlessly reviewing our portfolio with a view to ensuring that we have the optimum asset mix. All of our executives understand that these are testing times and many of our executives around our businesses internationally have volunteered hefty cuts to their bonuses, which form a large part of their compensation. The Executive Chairman has forsaken 100% of his bonus, and Susan Panuccio and David Pitofsky, our General Counsel, who are with me on this call have also voluntarily given up a meaningful chunk of their bonus. All understand the importance of a stringent cost strategy, so we have launched a genuinely meaningful shared service program that we believe will transform the company by centralizing many of our functions. The mission is being led by two of our most talented executives, Damian Eales from Australia and Jane Viner from the UK, in tandem with our CTO, the Global Head of HR, and CFO, in other words, Susan. The early indications are that the shared service program should be able to appreciably reduce our costs and we expect it to have a materially positive impact on our bottom line. We will always emphasize integrity and creativity, but our ability to prioritize imperative projects will be enhanced by the program. We expect our technology platforms to be the best-in-class at the lowest available price. And the overall level of cooperation coordination among our businesses will certainly be enhanced. This is not an ephemeral project, but one that we believe will have a fundamental impact on the way we do business and on our earnings. One other trend is already having an appreciable impact on our earnings, the change in terms of trade with the digital platforms. Those of you who watched the congressional testimony last week by the tech titans would have noticed overall that the political understanding of the issues has vastly improved. That is also true in Brussels, London and Australia, where the ACCC has just introduced a draft mandatory code of contact. I recommend that anyone seeking enlightenment, Google the name Rod Sims and read a few of his recent interviews. Mr. Sims chairs the ACCC. It is fair to say, without revealing details that we are deep in discussion with these companies and that the ecosystem has absolutely begun to evolve. For News Corp, which has been pursuing this issue for well over a decade, this favorable outcome would simply not have been possible without the leadership of Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch and the support of a board which backed advocacy even when News Corp often stood alone in pursuit of the principle of a premium for premium content. Now for the numbers. At the new Dow Jones segment, revenues improved in fiscal year 2020 and profitability was up 13%, as I’ve mentioned. At $236 million, Dow Jones full segment – full year segment EBITDA was the highest in separation, as were margins. Digital revenue surpassed $1 billion in fiscal 2020 for the first time and represented 66% of total revenues, rising to 70% for the fourth quarter. We saw strong circulation volume growth, with digital-only subscriptions increasing 23% year-over-year for the Wall Street Journal in Q4 and 51% for the Barron’s Group. MarketWatch, our finance website reported the highest annual revenue numbers in the brand’s history, making it the third year in a row of record-breaking results. Equally impressive, unique users more than doubled to $62 million in the month of June. In contrast to most COVID affected media sites, digital advertising was down only 7% in the quarter and the general shift towards digital as a source of revenue continues, with that segment representing 54% of advertising revenues in the quarter. We expect that digital will continue to outpace print, given we are seeing robust digital advertising despite the social and commercial volatility that has prompted many companies to be cautious in marketing spend. Even with the pandemic impact, digital advertising at Dow Jones was 4% higher for the year. Full year revenues for the professional information business rose 7% year-over-year, driven by Risk & Compliance, which surged 20%. We remain particularly excited by the prospects for our Risk & Compliance business, given the intensification of regulatory scrutiny around the world. As we have noted on this call in the past, who among you does not want to minimize risk and maximize compliance? We are expanding our risk-related product lines, enhancing our software and ensuring that the increased flow of actionable intelligence is complemented by thoughtful analysis and compelling news feeds for our growing audience of clients. We contend that the all digital Risk & Compliance business is a highly undervalued part of a highly undervalued company, given the revenue trajectory, the still expanding market and the necessity for companies and individuals to have an audit trial of compliance. The creation of the Dow Jones segment allows us to make a direct comparison with The New York Times, and on most important measures, the Wall Street Journal and the Board of Dow Jones performed far better. The Journal is both the most trusted general newspaper in the U.S. according to Reuters Institute and the world’s leading business use provider. And a vast, well-healed, well-informed audience provides an opportunity to upsell value-added lucrative business products to serve a specialist need. Here are a few metrics comparing the two companies for the quarter. Dow Jones segment EBITDA of $60 million was higher than in New York Times, having benefited from the stability of our vibrant professional information business. While Dow Jones segment EBITDA expanded by 13% year-over-year, New York Times declined by 6%. Dow Jones EBITDA margins were 15.7%, about 3 percentage points higher than the New York Times. In this time of COVID, Dow Jones revenue decline moderated at a higher rate than the New York times at 4% versus down over 7% for The Times. Dow Jones COVID-affected advertising revenue declined at a much lower rate than The Times, thanks largely to significant outperformance in digital advertising which was down just 7% at Dow Jones versus down 32% at The New York Times. In fact, Dow Jones generated more total ad dollars than The New York Times. We feel strongly that we should explain the virtues of Dow Jones to shareholders and potential shareholders so we will have an Investor Day in mid-September at which Dow Jones Chief Executive, Almar Latour, and other Dow Jones Executives and myself, will give you a more granular explanation of the company’s extraordinary potential and an opportunity for you to interrogate. The News Media segment, of course, had a challenging year, and we took prompt measures to confront those challenges. These included the aforementioned sales of NAM and Unruly as well as immediate cost reductions and the launch of strategic shared service project. In Australia, apart from migrating publications to digital only, we also sold our investment in the Australian associated press newswire and unfortunately, implemented hundreds of redundancies. The end of the relationship with AAP was both necessary and historic as the service was founded in 1935 by Sir Keith Murdoch. Digital subscriptions across News Corp Australia rose 25% to nearly 650,000 by the end of the fiscal year. Meanwhile, at News UK, The Times and The Sunday Times paid subscribers rose to 336,000, an increase of 11% year-over-year and benefited from a focus on attracting premium subscribers with a concomitant improvement in retention rates. The Sun’s online audience expanded markedly during the year, including with the launch of a U.S. edition. In toto, The Sun reported 133 million unique users globally in June for 1 month, which also reflects our expansion in the U.S. Importantly, The Sun remains as the leading news brand in the UK according to Pamco. The sheer scale of our collective reach should not be underestimated. In the U.S., The New York Post digital network reached 177 million monthly unique users during the fourth quarter. It has long been known that The Post has been loss-making, but those losses have fallen dramatically in the past 18 months as we increased cover prices and benefited from ad revenue for our expanding digital readership and reduced the cost base. We can now see a clear path to profitability for The Post. In book publishing, despite the viral vicissitudes, which included the near shutdown of U.S. physical stores, profitability was up in Q4. This is a testament to the resourcefulness of the team at HarperCollins, which moved quickly to bolster supply chains and emphasize e-books and online sales. These actions allowed us to make the most of changes in reading behavior during the pandemic. As we had indicated on previous calls, the second half of the fiscal year at HarperCollins was more propitious than the first half, with segment EBITDA improvement in both Q3 and Q4. Among the titles that performed well were the latest installment of Joanna Gaines' highly successful Magnolia Table series, Dutch House by Ann Patchett, The One and Only Bob by Katherine Applegate and World’s Worst Parents by David Williams. Looking ahead to fiscal 2021, we’re already eagerly anticipating the release of Tiger Woods' autobiography, and expect strong results from the upcoming launch of Jenna Bush Hager’s, Everything Beautiful in Its Time. We’re certainly pleased by the early performance of Daniel Silver’s, The Order and Ben Shapiro’s, How to Destroy America in three Easy Steps, and we expect much from Lebron James' first children’s book, I Promise, scheduled for release next Tuesday. In digital real estate services, REA’s traffic and lead volume have rebounded in the wake of the shutdown in Australia, with record audiences in June and a dramatic increase in users potentially interested in a house move. There is simply no doubt that the COVID crisis has prompted many families to consider their housing circumstances, and that ultra-low interest rates have made a move more possible. We noted similar trends in the U.S. at realtor.com, and we saw a significant improvement in profitability at Move, which runs the realtor.com site in the fourth quarter and for the year as a whole. The new leadership team at Move is working closely with the Dow Jones' executive team as the combined audience and lucrative demographic of the two sites in the U.S. is a hefty $124 million based on comScore statistics as of June. We are confident that the Dow Jones sites will provide a flow of potential buyers for realtor.com and that realtor.com will provide a flow of potential subscriptions for the WSJ and Barron’s. Also in Australia, at Foxtel, our emphasis on streaming has brought a leap in new customers for both Kayo, the sports streaming service, and Binge, our entertainment offering, which has just launched. As of August 4, Kayo, showing great resilience, had 590,000 subscribers, including 48,000 trialists, while Binge had 217,000 subscribers, which includes 185,000 paying, just a short time after its formal launch. Both services are making the most of our existing rights without incurring extra content expenses and are certainly expanding the reach of Foxtel, which has now approached a new record number of total subscribers following an acceleration in July. Just this week, we crossed the 1 million OTT paying subscriber mark, setting a new record, thanks to our expanded streaming strategy. While there is certainly seasonality to Kayo, given the scheduling of the popular winter sports, we are reassured that so many subscribers have returned to the service so promptly and particularly encouraged by the early rush of subscribers at Binge. Our past acquisition of cricket rights means that we are well positioned when the Indian cricket teams arrive in Australia later this year. On our last call, you will recall that I insisted that there would be a reset of sports prices. And in the midst of this year’s shortened season, that has absolutely come to pass. While negotiations with some sports continue, deals already completed will reduce the cost of sports rights at Foxtel by at least AUD 180 million over the next three years as compared to the prior contracted value. This reset will have a positive long-term impact on Foxtel’s profitability. No doubt, the events of the first half of calendar year 2020 will remain resonant in our memories. I am particularly proud of the performance of all those who work at News Corp for showing professionalism, passion and compassion throughout these most difficult of times. Our reporters and opinion writers around the world have provided a profoundly important service, and many of our employees have contributed to their communities through philanthropic service in recent months. And now for more granular detail and customary insight, Susan.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Before talking through our fiscal 20 results, I would like to recap on the actions we’ve taken this past year to better position News Corp for long-term success with a focus on increasing shareholder value and transparency. Firstly, the company has taken significant action on our cost base. Our publishing business in Australia has been significantly restructured with 112 of our regional and community markets transitioning to digital or closed. The cost base at Foxtel has been restructured with savings across programming and support functions. With increasing OTT scale and a lower cost base, Foxtel is better positioned for success, and I would like to reiterate that we have no plans to provide additional funding. Our digital real estate businesses have also been proactive in reducing headcount to confront the challenges of COVID-19. In addition, we took quick and decisive action to reduce OpEx and CapEx in the fourth quarter with CapEx reducing by 1/3 year-on-year and total costs decreasing 21% year-on-year, partially due to divestments in FX, but primarily due to active cost management. We are also close to finalizing our savings opportunities for global shared services across the company as we look to leverage our global scale and reduce duplication. These collective actions resulted in a 7% reduction in headcount this year across the businesses, excluding the NAM and Unruly sales. Secondly, Dow Jones results are now reported as a separate segment, which better highlights its performance and provides a more complete comparison with its peers. The business saw record subscriptions and achieved growth in both revenue and EBITDA for the year. Thirdly, we are taking tangible steps to stabilize our newly formed News Media segment through digital subscriber growth, cover price increases and aggressive cost targets, which will be further enhanced by our global shared service initiative. In relation to liquidity, the only debt exposures we have are at our non 100% owned subsidiaries, Foxtel and REA, and these are non-recourse to News Corp. Finally, as part of our simplification efforts, we continue to reshape News Corp’s portfolio this year with the divestments of News America Marketing and Unruly. With that as a backdrop, I will now discuss our latest financial results. Fiscal 2020 fourth quarter total revenues were approximately $1.9 billion, down 22% versus the prior year, reflecting the impacts of COVID-19 and the divestment of News America Marketing in early May. Total segment EBITDA was $195 million, down 28% versus the prior year. Excluding the divestment of NAM, acquisitions, currency fluctuations and the other items disclosed in our release, adjusted revenues fell 13% and adjusted total segment EBITDA decreased 10% as growth in segment EBITDA at the Dow Jones, book Publishing and subscription video services segments were outweighed by the negative impact of COVID-19. Our best estimate for the revenue impact of COVID-19 for the quarter was negative $330 million or 13%, together with a negative impact on total segment EBITDA estimated to be between $40 million to $55 million or 15% to 20%. For the quarter, we reported a net loss per share of $0.67 as compared to a net loss per share of $0.09 in the prior year. The loss includes $292 million of non-cash impairment charges primarily related to fixed assets in the UK and Australia. Adjusted earnings per share were negative $0.03 in the quarter compared to positive $0.07 in the prior year. Moving on to the quarterly results for the individual reporting segments, starting with Dow Jones. Revenues for the quarter were $381 million, down 4% compared to the prior year, with digital revenues accounting for a record 71% of total revenues this quarter. Circulation revenues rose 2% due to robust growth in digital circulation revenues, partially offset by lower print circulation revenues, which were impacted by the decline in newsstand sales and fewer amenity copies primarily related to COVID-19. As Robert mentioned, Dow Jones again achieved record subscriptions in the quarter and saw an acceleration in year-over-year growth compared to the prior quarter. Dow Jones average subscriptions for the quarter were almost 3.8 million, up 15% from the prior year. And of that, digital-only subscriptions were 2.8 million, up 28% year-over-year. For the Wall Street Journal, there were approximately 3 million total subscriptions for the quarter, up 15% from the prior year, with digital-only subscriptions growing 23% to more than 2.2 million, improving from the 15% year-over-year growth rate in the prior quarter. To frame the improvement, we added 203,000 Wall Street Journal digital-only subscriptions this quarter compared to 112,000 in the third quarter and 43,000 in the prior year. Revenues from Dow Jones Professional Information business rose 6% year-over-year, slightly higher than the third quarter rate, driven by 14% revenue growth at Risk & Compliance. Consistent with our expectations, Risk & Compliance revenues reached approximately $160 million for fiscal 2020. As we mentioned last quarter, advertising revenues, which accounted for only 19% of revenues this quarter were impacted by COVID-19 and declined 28% to $71 million. For the first time, digital advertising revenue was greater than print, accounting for 54% of total advertising revenues for the quarter. Digital advertising revenues fell 7%, helped by strong growth in programmatic while print advertising was down 43%, which included the impact from the cancellation of live events. Total unique visitors across our Dow Jones Digital platforms more than doubled in the quarter versus the prior year. Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 13% to $60 million. Turning to our other news segment, News Media, which primarily includes News Australia, News UK and the New York Post and the News America Marketing and Unruly companies prior to their disposal. Revenues for the quarter were $490 million, down 41% versus the prior year, of which the impact from the divestment of News America Marketing accounted for over half of the total revenue decline. On an adjusted basis, which excludes NAM, Unruly and the other items mentioned in our release, revenues declined 22%. Advertising revenue fell 58% on a reported basis, of which $179 million or 36% of the decline was from the sale of News America Marketing, and the rest of the decline was driven by the negative impact from COVID-19, weaknesses in the print advertising market and a $20 million or 4% negative impact related to the suspension of certain community titles in Australia. Advertising revenues at News UK fell 46% on a reported basis and 45% in local currency, relatively consistent with our April commentary, with lower print trends, partially offset by strong digital advertising growth at The Sun. Performance was similar in Australia, with advertising down 46% on a reported basis and 42% in local currency, which includes the negative impact related to the suspension of certain community titles. Circulation and subscription revenues declined 9%, impacted by lower news stand sales related to COVID-19, partially offset by strong digital paid subscriber growth and cover price increases in Australia. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was a loss of $44 million, down $95 million from the prior year. The divestment of News America Marketing accounted for $43 million of the year-over-year decline. Also included in the results are approximately $8 million of additional cost related to the decommissioning of print operations in Australia. It is important to note that we do not expect this to be the new normal, and we are taking significant and decisive steps to improve the trajectory of the segment, including better monetizing our growing and global audience and further cost reductions. These include leveraging existing content to source incremental licensing revenues. We believe that we are very well positioned to benefit from incremental licensing revenues as early as this fiscal year, which should have a meaningful impact on EBITDA. Our biggest source of revenues in the News Media segment is now circulation and subscription. We expect continued growth in our digital subscriptions, and we will be looking at cover and subscription prices to help offset print advertising declines. Our global shared service initiative, which we expect to centralize many of our back-office functions and remove duplication. We’ll also continue to work on newsroom transformation and the ongoing review of our printing sites and office space. We have reduced our total headcount within the segment by 12% in fiscal 2020, which will lower our cost base going forward, and we expect additional reductions in fiscal 2021. The impact of COVID-19 remains uncertain, and we do expect continued advertising challenges. However, we will continue to focus on the digital transformation of this segment, new ways to monetize our content and continue to take aggressive cost measures as we look to provide a more stable outlook. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues decreased 16% to $238 million, primarily due to a decline in listings in Australia and the U.S. related to COVID-19 and associated customer support measures. On an adjusted basis, revenues declined 13%. Segment EBITDA fell 10% to $71 million or 5% on an adjusted basis. REA Group revenues fell 21%, primarily reflecting FX, lower developer revenues and a 14% decline in residential listing volumes for the quarter. REA saw improvements in listings as the quarter progressed, with 11% listing volume growth in June, combined with record traffic. The volume growth was partly related to easier year-on-year comparisons which included the impact from the federal election in the prior year. Please refer to REA’s earnings release and their conference call immediately following this call for more details. Move revenues declined 10% to $111 million, with real estate revenues down 5%. However, the decline in real estate revenues was almost entirely due to an estimated $13 million impact related to the customer billing relief initiative. Move is also still being impacted by the transition to the referral model, given the longer time period by which revenues are recognized. Despite the transition, we remain very confident in the long-term growth potential of the referral model, including upside through incremental ancillary services. Similar to REA, we are also seeing record traffic at REALTOR with June achieving 86 million monthly unique users, up 18% year-over-year, combined with a greater than 50% year-on-year increase in core real estate lead volumes in June. Despite the revenue impact from COVID-19 for both the quarter and the full year, Move increased its contribution to segment EBITDA year-on-year, benefiting from the restructuring of the organization, including the integration of the teams at REALTOR and Opcity. Turning to the subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $407 million, down 24% versus $536 million in the prior year, which included a negative 5% impact from FX. The revenue decline was driven by fewer residential subscribers, a reduction in commercial subscribers related to the suspension of billings due to the closing of licensed venues and a decline in advertising revenues. Approximately half of the year-over-year revenue decline in the quarter was due to commercial and advertising revenues, which we believe was mostly a function of the impact from COVID-19. Foxtel’s closing paid subscriber base was approximately 2.8 million as of June 30, down 12%, which reflects the decline in commercial subscribers, which fell to 86,000 from 264,000 in the prior year, primarily associated with COVID-19 restrictions. We expect improvements as licensed commercial venues begin to reopen, although timing is still uncertain given the recent spikes in infections in Victoria. Foxtel Now subscribers were also impacted by a difficult year ago comparison as the prior year benefited from the final season of Game of Thrones, but the number was stable sequentially. Pleasingly, we saw a significant decline in broadcast churn down to 13.2% compared to 14.7% in the prior year, which was the lowest in seven quarters. The improvement was supported by the implementation of several COVID-19 mitigation measures, including opening up content tiers and offer extensions and favorable impacts from a slowdown in Telstra’s NBN migration activity. Broadcast ARPU was relatively stable at AUD 78. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $104 million, up 24% from the prior year, driven by lower costs. Overall expenses declined about $145 million, which includes approximately $70 million of lower sports rights costs, primarily related to the suspension of live sports. Results include 1 month of expense related to the NRL and AFL, and the majority of the deferred sports costs will be recognized in fiscal 2021. I will discuss this further in the outlook commentary. Foxtel also benefited from lower entertainment costs from renegotiated affiliate and output deals, lower transmission costs and lower overheads due to staff reductions. As Robert mentioned, we are pleased with the resilience of Kayo and the early progress and level of engagement for Binge, Foxtel’s new entertainment streaming service. We look forward to building on Foxtel’s expanding OTT subscriber base in the year ahead. During the quarter, Foxtel also accelerated its cost transformation plan for the business, reducing its headcount by approximately 17%. This action, together with other operational efficiencies and content renegotiations will help put Foxtel in a better position longer term. At book publishing, HarperCollins had a strong quarter with revenues down only 3% to $407 million and segment EBITDA up 9% to $47 million despite significant bricks-and-mortar store closures, which was a far better performance than we had anticipated. We saw the strongest digital growth in recent years with total digital sales up 26% to represent 29% of consumer revenues. With the shelter in place orders related to COVID-19, e-book sales returned to robust growth, increasing 31% year-over-year with downloadable audio books also growing at a healthy 17%, despite an initial dip due to the falling individuals commuting to work. As Robert noted, HarperCollins benefited from a strong release slate, which included Joanna Gaines’ Magnolia Table Volume 2 and a great performance from our Children’s division. I would now like to talk about some themes in the upcoming quarter. Forecasting remains challenging, so I will discuss the trends we have seen in July. At Digital Real Estate services, as noted in their release, July new buy listings at REA were up 16%. However, residential revenue growth is expected to be offset by a reduction in development projects, listing declines in Commercial and Asia businesses and the recent government restrictions in Victoria. Please refer to REA’s press release for more details. REALTOR is facing lower industry-wide real estate transactions, but encouragingly, lead volume and unique users remained strong, similar to June. In Subscription Video Services, advertising in July improved modestly with the return of live sports. We expect gradual recovery of commercial subscribers but timing will largely be dictated by government restrictions and the broader impact from COVID-19. Broadcast churn is modestly higher versus the prior year and the fourth quarter. On sports costs, assuming no further disruption of play, we will recognize approximately $55 million or AUD 78 million of additional sports programming rights costs, the majority of which is related to the NRL and AFL rights costs that were deferred from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2021 due to the temporary sport suspension. However, we expect at least $100 million or AUD 160 million of overall savings, net of the increase in sports cost for the full year in fiscal 2021 as a result of the cost-out initiatives taken during fiscal 2020. At Dow Jones, subscription trends in July continued to be strong with over 25% growth in digital-only subscriptions at The Wall Street Journal. Advertising trends improved modestly in July, but with digital up very strongly. In book publishing, similar to the fourth quarter, HarperCollins continued to see strong growth in online sales in July. Retail stores are slowly reopening, albeit likely at a reduced foot traffic and continued risk from any recurrence of COVID. At News Media, we continue to expect advertising and single copy sales revenues to be adversely affected due to COVID-19. Advertising revenues in July at the newspaper mastheads in the segment declined 25% to 30% in total compared to the prior year. As a reminder, advertising revenues in the prior year included the results from News America Marketing. Overall decline in circulation volumes for July improved from the lows experienced early in the fourth quarter, particularly for the weekend papers. Pleasingly, we have continued to see strong digital subscriber growth at the Australian mastheads and at The Times and The Sunday Times, and we will continue to focus on cost transformation to mitigate the revenue headwinds. CapEx for the year is expected to be approximately $400 million compared to $434 million in fiscal 2020, subject to foreign currency fluctuations. We will be monitoring this number very closely throughout the year and will take necessary actions to reduce this amount as needed. And as a reminder, we have a strong balance sheet with over $1.5 billion of cash and access to a $750 million revolving credit facility. The COVID-19 crisis has presented challenges across all of our businesses, and we are very pleased with the actions that our businesses have taken to ensure they are well positioned to withstand the ongoing volatility as we move through the next 12 months. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Robert, Susan, just two for me on the cost program for Foxtel. So just around those $100 million in savings you’re talking to next year. Does that have all of the sports rights savings that you think you can get across the various codes in that number? And are they all confirmed? And then how should we be thinking about the cost of Binge and the launch of some of your OTT platforms into 2021? And then secondly, just around the simplification agenda. Should we be thinking that’s roughly on hold through this crisis? Or how do we think about the next steps from here and things like the Foxtel IPO that you’ve spoken about previously?
Robert Thomson: It’s Robert here. I’ll take the simplification question first. Simplification is a continuing process, and it must be. As you can see, we’ve appointed a global Head of Digital Real Estate, Tracey Fellows, formerly the Head of REA, and that’s given us a much more focused international approach and intensified the dialogue and sharing between REALTOR and REA. And as you can see, we are constantly reviewing our portfolio. We sold Amplify, the digital education business. We sold our local papers in the U.S. well ahead of the present downturn. We sorted out and simplified the ownership of Foxtel. We sold News America Marketing. We sold Unruly. We’ve closed the print editions of most regional community papers in Australia, and these will actually not be the last changes that we make.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, just in relation to the cost program. So the $100 million net number, yes, it does include – it’s net of the sports cost increase, so that’s approximately $55 million. And so we have factored the savings into that number. And when we think about the OTT cost, in relation to Binge and Kayo, again, that number is net of any investment that we would expect to see within those products. I’m largely, clearly it would be marketing because we scale given we’ve got the content.
Robert Thomson: But just to complement Susan’s comment. We are indeed pleased with: one, how quickly the subscription growth has picked up at Kayo after the COVID interruption. And secondly, the early numbers for Binge, the entertainment streaming service are particularly encouraging.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Entcho Raykovski with Crédit Suisse.
Entcho Raykovski: I’ve got a couple of as well. The first one is just around the $40 million to $55 million negative COVID impact, which you flagged for the quarter. I just wanted to clarify, does this take into account some of the positive benefits of lower sports rights costs that you’ve seen over the course of the quarter? So it’s basically a net number. Or it’s perhaps a large number, and we need to take those benefits separately into account. Just interested to what extent you can recoup in the future years. And then just secondly, advertising trends over the course of the quarter seem to get slightly worse at Dow Jones. I mean, obviously, very strong performance in the segment as a whole. But if I look at advertising, I think it was tracking at 20% down in April and then down 28% for the quarter, whereas the market improved. So just interested in whether there was anything specific, which might be driving that.
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to the first question. So the impact in relation to COVID is net of all the potential costs and revenue impacts that we could see across the business. So yes, it does include the impact from Foxtel. In relation to going forward, clearly, we’ll have a double up of costs for a period of two months in the next financial year in relation to Foxtel for those sport rates, as I’ve outlined. But the overarching and underlying cost base will decrease, notwithstanding that. And we expect to see within sports rights as well as right across the organization. So it’s in relation to the first question. And maybe if you could just repeat the second question. It’s quite lengthy.
Entcho Raykovski: Yes, sorry. So the second question, money collection loss in April, at the last set of results, you mentioned that revenue was down – or ad revenue was down 20% in ad fills from Dow Jones. It seems to have gotten a little bit worse, down 28% for the quarter. So it looks like the trends have deteriorated. And if I look at the underlying market, that seems to have actually gotten better. So just wondering whether there is anything specific within Dow Jones which might be driving that.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, what you saw in particular was the onset of the COVID crisis in May. So May was a tough month, June was better and July better again. And so we are, in particular, seeing strong digital advertising. Clearly, as in many countries around the world, print is affected. But generally speaking, the trend has been positive since May.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: My question actually following up on your comments on digital advertising trends at Dow Jones. It has remarkably outperformed some of your peers. And I’m curious, is it the vertical SKU? Or if there’s any color you can give on why you think you’re relatively doing quite well on the digital advertising front. And then just sort of staying on Dow Jones. Would love to hear more if you can tell us about the strong digital subscriber growth we’re seeing at The Wall Street Journal, how much it you think is driven by the elevated news cycle and sort of what promotional strategies you might have in place.
Robert Thomson: Alexia, I think it’s fair to say that Dow Jones is a unique media property. It’s clearly got both a consumer business and a professional business, and the two complement each other. And that helps us certainly with subscriptions, but also in terms of contracts with potential advertisers. So – and in terms of a subscription funnel, we certainly have continuing faith in the growth potential for subscriptions at The Wall Street Journal. And as Susan mentioned, the trend in July has again been positive. And also the Barron’s Group where subs rose 49% in Q4 compared to a year earlier. And what we have in Dow Jones is a continuing funnel of potential clients coming in through MarketWatch, which, as you know, the free financial news site. At MarketWatch in Q4, traffic rose 143%. So a MarketWatch user can easily graduate to be a Wall Street Journal subscriber, who can become a Barron’s subscriber, who can become a subscriber to our high-end financial information intelligence in the professional information division. And it’s really a unique opportunity in that we have a digital daisy chain, and each product in the chain is higher yielding.
Susan Panuccio: And just in relation to the actual advertising question on what was driving the digital growth. So we actually did see much stronger-than-expected performance in programmatic, largely as a consequence of increased volume, and we had higher display CPMs. And just in relation to, I guess, our competitors, we’re less exposed to luxury entertainment. So we have more dependency on tech, finance, B2C, B2B, and that’s been driving the performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: My first question, you mentioned – Susan, you guys took 112-year mastheads at the smaller papers down in Australia, either shut them down or transitioned them to digital. I was just wondering, what percent of revenues did that represent down there in the Australian newspapers? The first question. About 5% to 10%?
Susan Panuccio: So in relation to Q4, it was about $20 million, impact in Q4, given we closed them down sort of midway through the quarter. We don’t disclose, obviously, the full number of revenue for that, but $20 million should give you a guide.
Craig Huber: You closed in mid-4Q, okay. And my other question or maybe request. I was very happy to see you guys are breaking out the Dow Jones numbers, the revenues and obviously, the EBITDA here, the detail, obviously, for the fourth quarter and maybe for this year, a year ago, fourth quarter, to the full year as well. I was wondering, would it be possible – would you seriously consider doing it for all three quarters so we would have it for all eight quarters? And I could sort of estimate it, but it would very helpful if you’re going this far to take one more step here, the last 5%, just put it together for the other three quarters and they put out an 8-K or something. Is that fair to ask you?
Susan Panuccio: Craig, I think we’re going to have an Investor Day in September, which Robert mentioned. And so we’ll certainly be able to do that at the Investor Day for you.
Operator: Fraser McLeish from MST Marquee has our next question.
Fraser McLeish: Great. Just a very basic one for you just for Susan, if that’s okay. Just on the Binge subscriber numbers, Susan, I would imagine numbers at Telstra is quite important for driving those. Are you just able to confirm whether anything with Telstra is going into paid subscriber or as a non-paid subscriber in those August Q4 numbers you’ve disclosed?
Susan Panuccio: If Telstra are providing the sales channel, yes, we do include those numbers within the Binge numbers, yes. So yes, I can confirm that.
Fraser McLeish: Would that come as a paying – into what you’re calling a paying subscriber?
Susan Panuccio: Correct. Correct.
Operator: Our question comes from Alan Gould from Loop Capital.
Alan Gould: Robert, I noticed that The New York Times dropped Apple News. I was wondering if you can help us frame of how we should think about how big the opportunity could be of getting paid premium payments for premium content?
Robert Thomson: Yes. It’s a really good question. For us, it’s been a beneficial experience. And if you look at the Wall Street Journal, it’s really two papers in one, both a general news service and business-specific news service. In that sense, there are a lot of potential readers and potential subscribers out there who don’t understand the quality of the general news coverage, the politics, the economics, the arts, the lifestyle, the weekend section, the magazine. I’m sure you’re a regular reader. You understand what I’m talking about. And so that Apple News partnership allows us to focus on that tier of content and bring in a significantly new audience that we would hope to graduate to a paid WSJ subscription over time. And it is a genuinely different audience. It’s actually, of late, more women than men. For the Wall Street Journal itself, it’s more men than women. It’s a younger demographic. And it is obviously a source of potential subscribers for us.
Alan Gould: Yes. If I can just follow up. When we think of just broader than just Apple, when we look at the whole digital universe and getting paid premium – getting paid for your premium content, how should we frame that? How should we be thinking about what the potential is there?
Robert Thomson: Well, one way of framing it would be to think of it as the contemporary equivalent of carriage fees or retrans for all broadcasters. Because there’s no doubt that these deals will add up. What’s public is the deal we have with Facebook, the deal we have with Apple. And of course, this is paying for content. And much of that money drops to the bottom line. And it’s also fair to say that negotiations are going on with other companies and other regions. I can’t go into detail at the moment because we’re in the midst of them. But when you combine these deals, they are having a significant impact on our revenue and on our profitability. And it’s frankly true for all media companies. So if any executives of other media companies would like to send News Corp a commission check, we’d be happy to receive it. That, too, may be a source of revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Han from Morningstar.
Brian Han: Just a quick question. The newspapers in the News Media division, did they fall into losses this June quarter because of the virus? Or were they loss-making even before then?
Susan Panuccio: No, it was because of the COVID impact for the quarter. Clearly, a very disruptive quarter for that segment.
Robert Thomson: And also, Brian, don’t forget, you’ve got the NAM numbers taken out. So it’s not a like-for-like comparison. What I would say is that, essentially, the breaking out of Dow Jones is doing two things. It is providing more scrutiny generally for each of those segments, Dow Jones and News media. And scrutiny has to be a good thing. Because we are very confident that our news media executives will continue the transition to digital, which they are certainly on the pathway to doing. And sorts of deals that we’ve been discussing today are of themselves helpful. And then Dow Jones, Dow Jones is a uniquely undervalued property in what I would argue is a uniquely undervalued News Corp.
Susan Panuccio: I think maybe just to add just some further context. So if you look even at the year-on-year decline, which we’re talking about, the sort of the $95 million movement, probably 75% of that comes from NAM and the closure of the regional communities or the suspension of the mastheads down there. So actually a really big bulk of that number. Does come from that. And then clearly, you’ve got the impact of advertising and print circulation on that, which we will expect to pick up as we move through the coming year.
Operator: Our final question will come from Andrew Levy from Macquarie.
Andrew Levy: If I could sneak in three. The first one is, Robert, I’d just be interested in your thoughts on the digital platforms review in Australia, and particularly on the structure of the News Media bargaining code, if that’s a structure that News is supportive of and works for you guys in its current form. The second was also you made a reference to licensing news media content globally. Is that a discussion around extracting dollars from the digital platforms? Or is there a broader sort of mandate or avenues that you think you can license from the news media content. Any thoughts would be helpful on that one. And the third one, Susan, just sorry to come back to it, but just on the COVID impacts on the quarter, if I wrote it down correctly, you’re saying $330 million revenues and $40 million to $50 million of EBITDA. And obviously, a large chunk of the cost impacts of COVID are the sporting rights. So I was wondering if you could give us some color on what else is in the cost offsets for the period and how we should think about outside of sports, which you’ve obviously discussed, what’s sustainable? Or what sort of bounces back into the cost base in 2021?
Robert Thomson: I’ll talk about the Australian regulations or the draft mandatory code of conduct, which is particularly important. It’s important in two ways. One, for what it defines in terms of remedies and in particular, for what it defines in terms as an industry. But it’s also part of a global discussion, whether it be the consideration in Brussels, the hearings here last week in Congress with the big four digital heads giving testimony, and in London. And so what you’re seeing, and this is crucial, is the increase in content consciousness among regulators around the world. These are no longer mystifying issues. The issues have been clearly defined. And you saw that in Congress last week. And you see that in the ACCC Report, the original digital report, and now the draft mandatory code of conduct, which I think is quite a moment of itself, a real Internet inflection point. And this – essentially, we are talking about carriage fees or retrans payments for premium journalism. And there are obviously more deals to come. Now some of those deals will be outside Australia. But I suspect, in some ways, influenced by Australian regulatory thinking. But I can assure you that not only regulators but media companies around the world and the digital platforms are watching Australia closely. Now we’ve obviously been fighting this fight for well over a decade. And the News Corp Board has supported the quest because it was absolutely crucial to the future of journalism. Newspapers delivered in whatever format are vital to a well-informed society. And what’s obvious is the collective understanding of issues is past the point of no return, the point of no action, shall we say. But there are obviously regulatory changes to come in Australia. And the commercial landscape is not yet fully formed, but it will be a landscape far more hospitable to journalism and to News Media and to News Corp. Now as for your a question about the licensing of content. Clearly, we’re always looking for opportunities to monetize our content. But in a digital context, we have a unique comparative advantage with global properties, which often write about similar subjects. So not only in licensing in a traditional subscription sense, but think a little bit about the segmentation of digital products, products around sport, products around lifestyle, around food, around puzzles even. So it’s a real opportunity for us to divide up our content in a different way, monetize that content and provide compelling digital opportunities for potential subscribers at different price points for different content sets.
Susan Panuccio: I’ll just jump in on the cost side. So if I have a look at the expenses for the quarter on an adjusted basis, they were down $273 million or 14%. So the bulk of that reduction between reported and adjusted was due to NAM and FX. The COVID impact we’re predicting in about $270 million odd, $280 odd million in order to get you to that EBITDA impact. We were expecting costs to increase slightly for the quarter because we did have increased revenue at Dow Jones and HarperCollins and some of our businesses. And what I would say in relation to the COVID impact cost is, clearly, there’s a lot that are related to volume, so particularly on our mastheads around the globe. And we would expect to see those scale obviously, as those businesses scale back up. But we have also reduced headcount by 7% across the business, excluding NAM and Unruly, and that’s savings that we would certainly expect to continue into the next year. We’ve made significant cuts on marketing. We clearly will have a look at what we think is an appropriate level for marketing going forward, and it may never be back to the level that we had pre COVID. Likewise, with most companies, we’ve got a lot of cost cuts coming through on TNE and other discretionary spend, which, again, when we think forward, we will review exactly what we think we need as a business in order to continue spending within that area. We’ve clearly got compensation cost reductions as well as a result of lower bonuses. And outside of the OpEx impact, we’ve got the cuts that came through in CapEx. I think I mentioned that we’ve cut that by third year-on-year. So clearly, as we move forward into next year, it’s difficult to predict exactly that cost base is going to look like because it will all depend on the revenue trends. But we are confident that there’s a significant amount of reoccurring costs that will go into next year from a cost reduction perspective. And we do actually believe that we can continue to take costs out, as we’ve mentioned.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Andrew. Thank you, Nicole, and thank you all for participating. We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day. Take care.
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. We appreciate your participation today.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-05-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp’s 3Q Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Clowey Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp’s fiscal third quarter 2020 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about half an hour ago, and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We’ll open with some prepared remarks, and then we’ll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp’s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I’ll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Mike. We are operating in a different difficult time, so this will be a rather different distant experience. Before the business of the day, I sincerely hope that all on this call, each of our investors, our business partners and their families are safe during this exacting era. Every business and family is facing challenges, and our thoughts, in particular, are for those who are suffering under the curse of COVID-19 and have had to deal with complications from this dreaded disease. For our company, the safety of our employees has obviously been paramount. And many of our journalists have displayed much courage in recent months, including reporting from Wuhan, during the intense first phase of what has become a pandemic. I would also like to honor, Anthony Causi, who passed at a relatively young age, by which time he had already become a legendary sports photographer for the New York Post. As noted in our 8-K filing with the SEC last month, we expected a broad impact on our business from the pandemic’s inevitable economic consequences. We were affected somewhat in Q3, and those effects were likely to be significantly more pronounced in the fourth quarter. As we expect this impact to continue in the near-term, significant cost reductions have been implemented across the company and additional steps will be taken in coming months. These cuts are designed to deal with the short-term exigencies and to reposition the company for long-term growth. There will obviously be an impact on executive compensation. For many senior executives, bonuses are the largest component of their cash compensation, and this will be reduced by at least 20%. The cuts will be led by our Executive Chairman, Rupert Murdoch, who is voluntarily foregoing his entire cash bonus for the current fiscal year. And as Chief Executive, I will forgo 75% of my annual cash bonus. In addition, our Board of Directors have decided to reduce their cash compensation. These significant cost reductions of all kinds across the company will clearly have a positive impact on our total segment EBITDA and our cash position and help mitigate some of the effects of the pandemic. We obviously leave open the possibility of further compensation cuts next fiscal year depending on the ongoing impact of the crisis. Turning now to the third quarter results for fiscal year 2020. Our revenues declined 8% to $2.3 billion, including a $78 million, or 3% impact from adverse currency movements. Total segment EBITDA was down, although only 2% to $242 million. It is worth highlighting that operationally, adjusting for currencies, acquisitions and disposals and other items, mentioned in our release, our adjusted revenues were down 4%, but our adjusted total segment EBITDA rose 1%. Reported results also include a $1.1 billion non-cash write-down, mostly attributable to Foxtel. At the News and Information Services segment, the sale of News America Marketing has formally closed. This is a significant step in terms of enhancing shareholder value and part of the continuing simplification of our company. A thorough reevaluation of our assets continues and a strategic review of our community and regional original newspapers in Australia is at an advanced stage. We are also reviewing ways to improve transparency in our segment disclosure, which will enable investors to better appreciate the inherent value in and the growth potential of Dow Jones, which we believe is the best business news and analysis brand in the world. We are working toward making that company’s potential more obvious and to highlighting its various strengths, certainly relative to other business brands and, for example, to the New York Times. Speaking of demand for premium content. As you know, we have entered into valuable partnerships with Apple and Facebook for use of our world-class journalism. Clearly, there are harbingers of positive change with Google, where the CEO, Sundar Pichai, has shown a more enlightened socially empathetic attitude to journalism. In the past, some in Silicon Valley sought to create a system of petty patronage through philanthropic handouts and contentious SOPs, seemingly designed to institutionalize a mendicant media. Enlightened executives at Google patently seek more meaningful changes to a dysfunctional ecosystem. The terms of trade in the digital world are certainly changing. The regulatory pressure is also intensifying as two weeks ago, the Australian government announced the introduction of a mandatory code that would require the larger digital companies to pay for content and to adjust their algorithms to give additional weight to original news. It is absolutely crucial that more be understood about the character, the power and the potential manipulation of algorithms and data. A recent Wall Street Journal report on Amazon’s business practices showed the potential danger of companies having a dominant horizontal marketplace and selling their own products in segment verticals. In essence, exploiting proprietary marketplace data and competing with and potentially undermining their clients. In the third quarter, News and Information Services improved in profitability for the second straight quarter with 15% growth in segment EBITDA. Dow Jones recorded a particularly strong performance. Our digital paid subscriptions rose 20% year-on-year to more than 2.5 million average daily subs at quarter-end. The Wall Street Journal’s digital paid subs were up 15% to more than 2 million, also a record. In recent days, The Journal has shown further acceleration, with total subscriptions reaching approximately 3 million for the first time, including 2.2 million digital-only. Overall, at the end of April, digital subscriptions rose over 20% year-on-year. Digital advertising at Dow Jones rose 25% year-over-year, despite the challenges we faced with ad sales later in March. This is in strikingly marked contrast to the performance of the New York Times, where digital ad revenue actually declined 8%. I should repeat those figures for the purpose of clarity. Digital advertising rose 25% at Dow Jones and it fell 8% at the New York Times. Dow Jones profit contribution improved and was a significant contributor to segment EBITDA growth, while EBITDA slumped 15% at the New York Times. We announced earlier this week that the Head of the Barron’s Group, Almar Latour, will replace, Will Lewis, as CEO from the middle of this month. We will certainly leave Dow Jones in fine fettle and with enormous capacity for future growth. Speaking of Barron, subscriptions rose 14% year-over-year. And over the past four years, under Almar’s leadership, the digital audience at Barron’s Group Brands has quadrupled. During the quarter, the Wall Street digital network broke records and hit 196 million unique users in March, up 155% versus the prior year. Traffic was particularly strong at MarketWatch in March, where users more than tripled to 90 million compared to the prior year. The Professional Information Business reported a 5% increase in revenues, with risk and compliance, once again, demonstrating strength, rising 18% year-over-year. Elsewhere in the segment, newspaper digital subscriptions at News Corp Australia were up 24% year-over-year, rising to more than 613,000 a quarter, and with two-thirds of subscriptions at the Australian now are digital-only. At News UK, The Sun reached 164 million global unique visitors in March, representing a 17% increase over December, according to Google Analytics. While at The Times and Sunday Times, digital subscriptions grew 21% year-over-year to 345,000 and now account for nearly 60% of the base. Meanwhile, the New York Post advertising revenues in the quarter rose 19% and the post digital network had 169 million average monthly unique visitors, according to Google Analytics, up from 107 million in Q2. Turning now to book publishing. Revenue declines moderate at HarperCollins in the quarter compared to the first-half, while segment EBITDA grew year-over-year despite very difficult comparisons. As more people have moved to work and study from home, we’ve seen a revival in e-book sales. We are particularly pleased with early sales for Joanna Gaines, Magnolia Table, Volume 2, which already sits atop the U.S. best-seller lists. Digital real estate were showing solid progress through January and February, but began experiencing pandemic-related declines in March. Business at REA and realtor.com will depend on the reopening of the Australian and U.S. economies, but traffic to both sites remains encouraging. And realtor.com is outperforming the traffic trends of its house flipping competitor, according to the March ComScore data. In the Subscription Video Services segment, Kayo subscriptions rose to 444,000 in Q3, including trialist, which was more than double the prior year, and Kayo also showed strong growth over the prior quarter. That figure has obviously been adversely affected in recent weeks by the suspension of sports in Australia, as we disclosed in the earnings release. We are in serious negotiations with the major sports over a fundamental reset of rights costs. Susan will discuss the possible accounting impacts shortly. In coming weeks, we plan to launch our entertainment streaming product and expect that there will be strong demand, given the power of our media portfolio’s marketing platform and the nascent demand in Australia. We’re also very excited by the multi-year deal with WarnerMedia announced this week. That means Foxtel will be the exclusive home in Australia for HBO, this is soon to launch HBO Max and other WarnerMedia hits. Let me now turn to the lingering impact of COVID-19, which began to have an effect towards third quarter’s end, but clearly will be a major factor in our Q4 results, as we signaled in our 8-K filing last month. I would first like to commend our leaders and our employees around the globe as we rapidly and successfully moved approximately 90% of our workforce, around 25,000 people into a work from in-home environment. Looking at the longer-term, we have clear plans for addressing the immediate challenges we face and for emerging vigorously on the other side of this crisis. This will not be done by random cost-cutting, but by strategic decisions about the business we need to fashion for a profitable future. That strategy is informed by a candid, assessment of our capabilities and deficiencies and a clear sense that the business environment will be very different when the world finally returns to the new abnormal. It is worth noting at this crucial time that News Corp continues to have a strong balance sheet. As of March 31, we have $1.4 billion in cash and cash equivalents. And in addition, we have access to a $750 million corporate revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn. That bedrock of financial stability will help us weather the category-5 storm, as will the power of our brands and the energy and the creativity of our people. The headwinds will buffer the company in the short-term, but I’m extremely positive about our prospects for delivering long-term growth and increasing shareholder value. Now for more particulars on our results in this quarter, I turn to Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Turning to the financials. Fiscal 2020 third quarter total revenues were approximately $2.3 billion, down 8% versus the prior year and total segment EBITDA was $242 million, down 2% versus the prior year. Currency headwinds negatively impacted revenues and total segment EBITDA by 3% and 6%, respectively. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and currency fluctuations and the other items disclosed in our release, revenues fell 4% and total segment EBITDA increased 1%. For the quarter, we reported losses per share of $1.24, as compared to earnings per share of $0.02 in the prior year. The loss includes $1.1 billion of non-cash impairment charges, primarily related to a write-down of goodwill intangible assets of Foxtel and the reclassification of News America Marketing to assets held for sale. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.03 in the quarter compared to $0.04 in the prior year. Before going into the quarterly detail, I will add to Robert’s comments on the COVID-19 pandemic, which is expected to have a significant impact on near-term operating results. Immediate cost actions are under way. Variable costs have obviously been reduced with a heightened focus on the reduction of discretionary spend and non-essential CapEx, together with a thorough review of all headcount requirements. We are accelerating plans to reduce costs across the business in the medium-term, particularly at our News and Information Services segment. These initiatives include, but are not limited to, global shared services to centralize our back-office functions, a thorough review of our property and office footprint and reviewing our printing operations around the globe, whereby we have already announced the printing suspension of 60 community newspapers in Australia. Finally, in relation to companywide liquidity, it is important to note the only debt exposures we have are at our non-100%-owned subsidiaries, Foxtel and REA, and these are non-recalls to News Corp. We are not anticipating any covenant issues at Foxtel over the next 12 months, and we have no plans to provide any additional shareholder funding. With that as a backdrop, I will now discuss the quarterly results for the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were over $1.1 billion, down 8% versus the prior year. On an adjusted basis, revenues declined 5%. Advertising revenues fell 14%, with declines most notably at News America Marketing and in News Australia, while circulation and subscription revenue grew 1%. Currency negatively impacted segment revenues by 2%. Results were also impacted by $14 million from the outbreak of COVID-19. Digital revenues for Dow Jones and the newspaper mastheads represented 42% of their combined revenues, up from 36% in the prior year. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was $75 million, up 15% from $65 million in the prior year, benefiting from increased contributions at Dow Jones, improvements at the New York Post and the absence of losses from unruly, partially offset by lower contribution from NAM. At Dow Jones, consumer circulation revenues grew a healthy 4%, reflecting a 20% growth in digital paid subscribers across Dow Jones consumer products, including a 15% growth in digital-only paid subscribers at the Wall Street Journal. Total Wall Street Journal subscribers exceeded 2.8 million in the quarter, an 8% increase from the prior year, which is an acceleration from the second quarter’s growth rate. Professional Information Business revenues accounted for 29% of Dow Jones revenues this quarter, growing 5% to $114 million, reflecting an 18% growth in risk and compliance revenues. Advertising revenues at Dow Jones fell 2% this quarter. But as Robert mentioned, we saw a sharp acceleration in digital advertising revenues, posting 25% year-over-year growth. Digital advertising represented 47% of Dow Jones advertising revenues. Overall, Dow Jones had revenue growth of 5% and another quarter of positive contribution to segment EBITDA growth. Elsewhere, advertising revenues at News UK fell 10% on a reported basis and 8% in local currency, weaker than the past two quarters, despite strength in digital. Trends at News Australia have remained very challenging, with advertising revenues down 20% on a reported basis and 30% down in local currency. Finally, at News America Marketing, revenues fell 16%. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $462 million, down 14% versus $539 million in the prior year, or down 7% in local currency. The revenue decline was primarily driven by lower broadcast subscribers. Broadcast subscriber trends were relatively similar to the prior quarter, with COVID-19 restrictions in Australia coming into place in the last week of the quarter. Foxtel also faced lower advertising revenues, reflective of the overall TV marketplace. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $68 million, down 31% from the prior year, driven by the revenue decline, partially offset by renegotiated license fees and the timing of sports rights and the production costs due to COVID-19-related suspensions. Overall costs were down 11% on a reported basis. Foxtel’s closing paid subscriber base was approximately 2.93 million as of March 31, reflecting a 1% year-over-year growth, driven by Kayo subscribers. Through quarter-end, Kayo’s total subscriber base, including trialists, increased 444,000, up from 199,000 last year. In fact, we reached over 470,000 total Kayo subscribers by March 22, the start of the Winter Sports season. However, subscribers have declined in recent weeks with the suspension of the NRL and AFL seasons, as well as Rugby, motor sports and other international sporting codes, like the NBA. Kayo viewers remained highly engaged during the quarter and we expect an uptick in subscribers that will clearly depend on the quality and quantity of NRL and AFL games once they have resumed. As of May 2, there were more than 272,000 paying Kayo subscribers. We have been beta testing Foxtel’s new drama and entertainment streaming service, and we expect to launch commercially in the coming weeks, and we’re very pleased to announce the WarnerMedia deal to support the launch. In the third quarter, broadcast churn improved for the first time in almost two years to 17.5%, which was 20 basis points lower versus the prior year. Broadcast ARPU remained relatively stable at A$79. At Book Publishing, HarperCollins had a strong quarter, with revenues down 2% to $412 million and segment EBITDA up 4% to $55 million, despite a very tough comparison against the prior year, which had segment EBITDA growth of 29%. We saw improvement performance in general books, children’s and in the UK. Digital sales grew 3% year-over-year to 23% of consumer revenue, which included improvements in downloadable audio books. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues decreased 4% to $261 million due to the negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations. On an adjusted basis, revenues were flat. Segment EBITDA rose 1% to $74 million, or 9% on an adjusted basis. REA Group revenues fell 5%. However, without the $12 million foreign currency impact, REA grew modestly in local currency. This is an improvement from the first-half performance, benefiting from renewed growth in financial services. Australian listing volume declines moderated to down 7%, which reflects mid single-digit growth in metro Melbourne and Sydney. REA also saw strong traffic metrics achieving record levels in visits and audience during the quarter. However, COVID-19-related government policies and restrictions, including bans on open home inspections and in-person auctions have led to reduced listing volumes in recent weeks. In response to the impacts from the pandemic, REA has implemented a number of relief packages to support its customers, including short-term pricing concessions and changes to listing products to provide greater flexibility for customers. Please refer to REA’s earnings release and their conference call immediately following this call for more details. Move revenues declined 2% to $118 million, with real estate revenues relatively flat. Traffic remains strong with unique users in the quarter, up 6% to $68 million. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, Move was on a solid growth trajectory in January and February, with improved growth in traffic and leads and was on pace to deliver strong second-half revenue. However, by mid-March, similar to REA and other digital real estate portals, both trends reversed. In response to the pandemic, Realtor instituted billing relief initiative in late March for its customers, which was subsequently extended into May with some modification to the offer. The initiative, together with other COVID-19-related impacts, reduced third quarter revenues by an estimated $6 million. I would now like to talk about some of the themes in the upcoming quarter. Forecasting has been challenging, so I will discuss what we have seen in April and frame the relevant risks. At News and Information Services, we expect advertising and single copy sale revenues in the segment to be adversely affected as a result of widespread business closures and social distancing measures. For a framework, advertising revenues, excluding News America Marketing, represented approximately 34% of segment revenues in the third quarter. In April, advertising revenues at Dow Jones was down more than 20% with digital down modestly. Advertising revenues at Australia and the UK were down more than 45% on a reported basis, or around 40% in local currency. As I mentioned earlier, we are taking aggressive cost action to mitigate these revenue declines within the segment. At the same time, we have also continued to see strong growth in digital subscribers across the key properties in April, including over 20% year-on-year growth in digital-only subscribers of the Wall Street Journal. In the third quarter, approximately 75% of Dow Jones revenues were subscription-based, providing much more visibility and stability. Digital revenues accounted for 68% of Dow Jones revenues and digital paid subscribers accounted for 73% of the Wall Street General subscriber base. In Subscription Video Services, we anticipate an increase in broadcast churn with the suspension of the NRL and AFL seasons. For April, broadcast churn has been fairly stable, although we have seen lower sports tier and Kayo subscribers, as you would expect. Closures of pubs and clubs and lower occupancy at hotels throughout Australia are also expected to adversely impact commercial subscription revenues, together with the downturn in advertising revenue. The team at Foxtel has implemented several initiatives, including opening up additional entertainment content to all subscribers and providing Foxtel broadband customers with unlimited data allowances for streaming. As for sports rights accounting, Foxtel amortizes event-based sports like Formula 1, which have no dedicated channels upon the occurrence of the events. Consequently, the third quarter included about US$9 million of costs, that were deferred due to events canceled or postponed. Channel-based sports rights, such as the AFL, NRL and domestic crickets are expensed on a straight-line basis over the year. The third quarter included a full amount of rights fees for all three of those sports. In the event that the NRL and AFL do not resume this season in the fourth quarter, we would plan to defer those costs until the sports regime. All the sports-based contracts have different terms and conditions, and we are currently in discussions with the leagues around the best way to move forward and to value the season that remains. As a framework, the quarterly cost between the AFL and NRL prior to the suspensions were A$95 million, or approximately US$60 million. In addition, we also expect an approximately $10 million impact from the accelerated entertainment amortization in the fourth quarter. In Book Publishing, as the retail market adjusted to stay-at-home restrictions by closing a number of bricks-and-mortar stores, HarperCollins saw strong growth in online sales with e-books returning to growth. Our release slate is largely intact, and as Robert mentioned, one of our top books for the year, Joanna Gaines, Magnolia Table, Volume 2 is selling very well. At Digital Real Estate Services, as noted in their release, REA anticipates a challenging listing environment, given the government social distancing measures with April, new buy listings falling 33%. Realtor is facing lower real estate transactions, but encouragingly, lead volume and unique users have shown improvements in recent weeks. Both companies have taken proactive relief measures to extend credit to their respective customers with discounts or other similar measures, which will have an adverse impact on revenues. CapEx for the year is expected to come down significantly to around $435 million, compared to $572 million last year, which includes a 35% to 40% decline at Foxtel. An update on our initial guidance of approximately 20% year-on-year reduction. Finally, a word about our tax rate. From a P&L perspective, we expect an unusually high tax rate for the full-year due to certain operating losses in foreign jurisdictions that we are unable to take deductions against. This is a P&L impact, not a cash impact. As I mentioned, these are unique times, but we believe with our strong liquidity position, market-leading brands, our emphasis on digital transformation, as well as a more aggressive focus on cost measures, News Corp is well positioned to weather the current crisis. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. Can you elaborate on the strength in the digital advertising you highlighted in the quarter at the Wall Street Journal? It sounded like in April, it softened a little bit, but still seems like it’s coming in probably better than what we’re seeing in the industry. I’m wondering if it was specific to certain verticals that continue to be strength in your product mix. And then just a follow-up on the makeup of the strong growth in digital subscribers also at The Journal. Is it international, domestic? Anything different, maybe younger? Or is it pretty much just more of everything that you’ve been seeing for a while?
Robert Thomson: Well, thanks, Alexia. Look, in terms of the subscribers are, obviously, we have had strong growth in U.S. subscriptions. And I think the thing to remember about Wall Street Journal subscriptions is that, once you have a subscriber, you also have an opportunity to up-sell. And so we’re particularly seeing growth, for example, in subscriptions coming from MarketWatch to The Journal and from MarketWatch to Barron’s and as well as that from The Journal to Barron’s. And then for the more specialist, Wall Street Journal subscribers, there’s an opportunity to sell them – to up-sell them to our premium business products, which obviously have a higher yield. In terms of advertising, clearly, traffic has been particularly strong. There had been, as you may well be aware, some concerns early in the COVID crisis about blocking of ads related to COVID crisis coverage. Gradually, that problem has diminished. And so we are noticing that the amount of advertising we’re getting is matching, not quite, but to some extent, the significant increases in traffic we’ve had across the Wall Street Journal and MarketWatch. We noticed that tech advertising has increased. Custom advertising is also on the rise, and to a certain extent, programmatic. But I think for our business, quite frankly, it’s an extraordinary opportunity, because big clients are coming straight to the Wall Street Journal and to our other publishing houses around the world. And they want to deal directly with us rather than necessarily through an advertising agency. And while this is at the moment, a short-term phenomenon, there are indications that this may very well become a long-term trend.
Susan Panuccio: Look, Alexia, the only other thing that I would add to that is the other pleasing thing that we’ve seen is the average age is broadening out. And so we did have an average age of around 60, and it’s now around 47 as a consequence of those subscribers coming in to that space in 2020.
Robert Thomson: And if I could further complement Susan by saying that what we’ve noticed, for example, among Wall Street Journal leaders on Apple News+ is that, historically, there’ve been, shall we say, a disproportionate number of men reading the Wall Street Journal, the breakdown is around 75% male, 25% female. Just at this moment, the readership of the Wall Street Journal on the Apple News+ side is majority women, minority men.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Alexia. Clowey, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Entcho Raykovski from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. A couple for me. Just the first one, you’ve obviously mentioned the sports rights deals and you’ve given us a good framework on what happens on a quarterly basis. But just interested whether you see this is an opportunity to renegotiate some of those sports rights deals longer-term? Do you think they can genuinely be any longer-term savings? And yes, I mean, do you think that’s warranted, given some of the fairly high costs? So interested giving your thoughts on that issue? And secondly, are you able to quantify the potential impact of the relief measures that move in Q4? And do you expect that, that’ll continue to remain in place beyond that? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, first of all, on sports rights, obviously, it’s inappropriate to go into detail at this stage. But there obviously needs to be a fundamental reset. The idea that things will suddenly turn to normal as season is absurd. It’s not just the quantity of games, it’s the quality of the experience, and that has obviously been diminished. And that reset has to apply longer-term to rights in Australia. In essence, there is a new reset reality.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, just in relation to your question on Move, we haven’t given that for Q4. But what I can say is, we implemented the measures on the 19th of March in relation to Move and the impact of that in Q3 was $6 million. So you can use that as a proxy for your run rate, and we haven’t made any announcement as to any further extension in Malaysia.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Clowey, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Hi. On the newspaper side in Australia, on the cost-cutting side, there’s a lot – decent that’s been written out there about your newspapers, some of them down there, that you are shutting down the hard copy version and going digital-only and stuff. Can you just talk a little bit further about that? And just like I’m curious like what percentage of your print subs down there, would you have shutdown that are moved to online-only as the business model, for example, in that market? So I mean, just like only 10%, 15%, 20% of the subs down there. I mean, how significant is it? That’s my first question. And then my second question is, I guess, on newspaper side as well, just generally, do you think you have a lot more cost you can take out of the U.S. for Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones, U.K., Australia, I think, you have a lot more cost you can take out in reaction to this virus situation? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, I’ll take the second question first, Craig. Clearly, we’re constantly reviewing costs. And that is cost in headquarters where there have been significant reductions in recent days. And right through where we’re looking for efficiencies in tax spend. We’re looking for the efficiencies that come from the closer coordination that really has been under way in recent years, it’s not a new phenomenon. But it gives us an opportunity to look across businesses very, very closely, measured at different cost levels and respond appropriately. What we’re not going to do is cut cost in a way that undermines the editorial integrity of the leading news organization in the world.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig, just in relation to the masthead start in Australia. So the masthead that we’ve seized printing at the moment were community masthead, which are not subscription-related to their advertising-related products. And as Robert mentioned, we are undertaking a detailed strategic view of the entire regional and community portfolio down in Australia. So the regional mastheads, we’ll have subs attached to them, but not the communities. And then just to supplement on the cost side. I mean, I agree and echo with Robert’s point. But we do believe that across all our businesses on a global scale, particularly when we think about our back-office functions, that we do have some significant opportunities that we can unlock. We have been actively working on those measures over the course of the last 12 months, particularly looking at PEC. But we do believe that there’s a lot more opportunities we can do as we broaden the scope of that as we move forward.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Clowey, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Han from Morningstar.
Brian Han: Hi, Robert. Does the current environment help the simplification program that you have going for News Corp? And – or does it make it actually more complicated, especially for asset sales? And also, Susan, the impairment charge taken at Foxtel, was that more driven by changes in assumptions related to the traditional Foxtel business, or have your views for Kayo and Foxtel now also changed?
Robert Thomson: Brian, clearly, the simplification was a preexisting program. But to a certain extent, you may well be correct in that various things have been expedited during this period of crisis. What I would like to say specifically around simplification is that, clearly, we’re pleased that the NAM transaction has progressed. Actually, we had full fit the Charlesbank who have preexisting specialist expertise in that area, we’ll be able to make a significant success of the business. And you can tell from the tenor of our content comments about Australia that there is obviously a strategic review of our print holdings well under way. So our simplification process is far from finished. And part of that is that we’re very keen to highlight the value inherent in, for example, Dow Jones, which we reported vastly superior numbers to those of the New York Times, but whose figures are not fully obvious in the current News and Information Services segment. Now if you think of the journey in recent years, the sale of Amplify, the early sale of the local media group at Dow Jones, the NAM sale. And on the other side of the ledger, the acquisition of Realtor, the purchase of Harlequin, we are a rather different, more specialized company than we were a few years ago.
Susan Panuccio: And then Brian, just in relation to your question on Foxtel and the impairment. We do look at this from a DCF perspective and also from a market multiple perspective. And clearly, there has been an impact that’s adversely affected our trends resulting in lower expected forecast subscribers. And the impact of COVID-19 is expected to have clearly an adverse impact on advertising OTT to customers and commercial subscription revenues in the near-term. So when we combine all those, we thought it was appropriate to take an impairment on Foxtel.
Michael Florin: Okay. Clowey, are there anymore questions?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. And I’d like to turn the conference back over to you. Thank you.
Michael Florin: Great. Well, thank you, Clowey, and thank you for all participating. Have a great day, and most importantly, stay safe. We’ll talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-02-06 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Media will be on a listen-only basis. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin. Mike, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Eduardo. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp’s Fiscal Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We’ll open with some prepared remarks, and then we’ll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp’s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I’ll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. Before we begin the formalities, I would like to express my sincere thanks to our readers, customers and employees in Australia, who have combined to respond thoughtfully and meaningfully to the tragic bushfires, which has had profound consequences for many communities. In particular, our reporters and editors and photographers have done an extraordinary job in tracking the fires and highlighting the impact of the tragedy on towns and regions that will take much time to recover. We are pleased that the company and its founders have pledged more than AUD 11 million to the cause and our company has continuing fundraising campaigns that will contribute significantly more over the coming months. We also thank the many companies, which had partnered with News Corp to make a positive difference for Australian communities. Turning to our results, as we anticipated the second quarter was somewhat soft for various businesses. However, we expect improvement in the second half as real estate markets in Australia show signs of gradual recovery, and we continue to progress with Opcity at Move, which should benefit the performance of our digital real estate businesses. We also expect faster growth in digital revenues at Dow Jones from the previously announced content licensing arrangements, particularly with Facebook, and improvement in book publishing based on the timing of the release schedule. Meanwhile, we are on the cusp of the seasonal selling peak for Foxtel, given that the main winter sports as soon to launch and Kayo, our streaming service, has already started seeing upturn in new subscribers even though we are still in the midst of the low season for sales. We took an important step on our path towards simplification with the sale of Unruly and notable development, which will yield financial benefits for us going forward. And I am pleased to say that following our strategic review of News America Marketing, we are engaged in negotiations for a sale of that business. These ongoing simplification efforts shine a brighter light on the intrinsic and increasing value of our core assets, which have been tightly unappreciated and underappreciated for too long. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues of approximately $2.5 billion with total segment EBITDA of $355 million. This represents a decline of 6% in revenues and 4% in profitability versus the prior year. Foreign exchange fluctuations affected our results with a $50 million effect on revenues, or negative 3%. As I mentioned last quarter, we are now seeing the early benefits from our long battle for equitable treatment by the dominant tech platforms. In particular, our deals with Apple and Facebook are beginning to yield financial dividends, and we welcome their respect for the premium journalism produced by the talented professionals in News Corp. There are also positive signs that Sundar Pichai at Google has a thoughtful appreciation for the profound social influence of high-quality journalism. In Digital Real Estate Services, listing volume in Australia remains challenged. But the trend improved somewhat in the quarter, particularly in Melbourne and Sydney. REA Group posted record traffic in October and buyer inquiries were up 37% in Q2 versus the prior year. These signs point to a gradual recovery this year in the Australian housing market, which will obviously be efficacious for REA’s revenue. At Move, operator of realtor.com profit contribution showed a substantial improvement in the quarter. Real estate revenue grew 4% as we transition to the referral model, which had a natural impact on the timing of revenues. Key indicators for the property market are encouraging and we expect to see improvements that Move in the second half of the year largely due to the progress at Opcity. We also envisage increasing monetization of relevant adjacencies as we further leverage our deep transaction data, which is made significantly more valuable by Opcity’s ability to define and refine leads. Despite Q2 being a weaker quarter seasonally, we nonetheless saw traffic up 9% year-over-year and then more than 30% increase in page views based on internal metrics. Throughout most of calendar year 2019, realtor.com continued to gain audience share relative to Zillow and Trulia according to comScore. We welcomed that David Doctorow to Move this week as the new CEO. David is savvy digital commerce leader comes from eBay and had previously worked at Expedia. His technological vision and marketing prowess will serve realtor.com and News Corp well in the years ahead. Tracey Fellows, who ably served as acting new CEO, is now focusing on her role as President of Global Digital Real Estate and will be emphasizing the development about burgeoning digital real estate assets. Speaking the new talent of News Corp, I’m also pleased to note the arrival of David Kline as News Corp’s Chief Technology Officer. David was at Viacom for the past decade and earlier at Discovery Communications, and he’s expert at driving innovations and efficiency in global content businesses. David will ensure that our global shared services are robust at costs and manage institutely, security integrity is heightened, and technological creativity is enhanced. The News and Information Services segment showed tangible improvements in the quarter. The segment EBITDA increasing 27% versus the prior year. Dow Jones had another strong quarter with 17% growth in digital-only subscribers including 13% growth in Wall Street Journal, digital subscriptions year-over-year. The journal’s total subscriber base continues to set records with almost 2.7 million subscribers as of the end of the second quarter and more recently, Dow Jones consumers’ subscriptions achieved the new record surpassing 3.5 million with the journal crossing the two million digital subscriptions mark. I would like to highlight the continuing success of risk and compliance, where revenues grew a healthy 21%. In fact, Risk and Compliance has now seen over 20% revenue growth for 12 straight quarters. We believe the intrinsic value of this business is rising, validated by recent transactions in the sector, where acquisitions and commanded multiples of 20 to 25 times EBITDA. Risk and Compliance is not only a jewel in the crown at Dow Jones, but is on the way to becoming one of News Corp’s most valuable assets. Our efforts to leverage The Wall Street Journal’s content continue to yield benefits and are clearly seen in the success of the journal, the podcast produced with Spotify. Since September launch, there have been 20 million downloads. We still have work to do in perfecting podcast, but the acquisition of wireless in the UK has given us direct access to a professional pool of broadcast help. And at the WSJ, we have just begun recognizing revenues from our Facebook content licensing agreement with that contribution meaningfully increasing in the second half of the fiscal year under the terms of that contract. Barron’s subscribers hit a record at 615,000 in Q2, up 8% over the prior year, and we launched a new show on the Fox Business Network during the quarter. Barron’s Roundtable, which already has a full roster of sponsors. In the UK, where political stability and leadership have relatedly returned. News UK had a strong quarter reflected in results from The Times, Sunday Times and The Sun. We saw higher ad revenues at News UK in Q2 with digital growth outpacing print declines, led by meaningful improvement at The Sun, whose audience grew to approximately 134 million global average monthly unique users in Q2, an increase of 9% on Q1 according to Google Analytics. The Times and Sunday Times added digital readers and reached 320,000 subscriptions in Q2, up 19% year-over-year. Speaking of these publications, News UK, last week announced the creation of Times Radio, a new digital station, which will bring together the expertise of The Times and the Sunday Times, and Wireless. The Sun also moved to monetize its already substantial American audience by launching a U.S. based website last month. Early signs strongly suggest that he’s tapping into an underserved growing and potentially lucrative forums. In Australia, where the economy has been a little listless and currency relatively weak. Our mastheads expanded to more than 566,000 digital subscriptions as of the end of the quarter, 23% year-over-year growth. That figure is led by the continued digital transformation at the Australia with 65% of total subscribers now, digital-only. In the U.S., New York Post revenues rose with digital advertising again, reaching over 70% of total advertising revenues and achieving more than 20% revenue growth. The post digital network had an audience of 95.2 million unique visitors in December, up over 30% year-over-year. Also in the U.S., just last week, we launched news.com in beta, delivering a uniquely-wide range of automated and curated journalism to readers on mobile and digital. news.com offers prominence for providence, and I used to bring as much data as possible to publishers, while subscription sites will not be punished in the ranking system, but combining sophisticated artificial intelligence with professional editing, news.com exposes readers to a vast array of news and views from left to right, from large publishers to small, national and regional and from every state in the country. In its first week of soft launch, news had 258,000 users according to Google Analytics. I recommend that you all downloaded the news app. If you don’t use, you simply don’t know. Turning to Subscription Video Services. Foxtel subscribers increased by 3% to 2.95 million. Benefiting from the launch of Kayo in November 2018. We are in the traditional low season for sports subscriptions, but Kayo had 372,000 subscribers and 350,040 paid subscribers as of the quarter’s end, up from 42,000 at the same time last year. As of February 5, Kayo had over 370,000 paid subscribers. A positive trajectory as we head into the highest season for sports in Australia. Customer reviews are overwhelmingly positive, and user interface and experience of world-class, in fact, they are peerless. Foxtel remains focused on the user experience and strengthening the core foundation of its business, including its powerful entertainment lineup. Now, featuring six new Fox branded channels, more video on demand content or refresh to move the offering and a partnership with Netflix among various other streaming services. Foxtel also completed key content agreements with NBCU and Discovery in the quarter, providing more on-demand content, so that it is the go-to-provider of programming in Australia. Finally at Foxtel, we are planning our entertainment OTT product, which is built off the Kayo system and like Kayo will help maximize the value of existing rights and reach binge conscious consumers outside our traditional low. In Book Publishing, we had tough comparisons with the prior year though HarperCollins did see better growth sequentially in digital through the continued expansion of audiobooks. David Walliams’ latest children’s book The Beast Of Buckingham Palace did well in the UK. We are confident that we should see improvement in the second half, given the timing of the release schedule the continued popularity of the Dutch House by Ann Patchett and the recent successful release of Profiles in Corruption by Peter Schweizer. We also look forward to the April release of Volume 2 of Joanna Gaines, highly popular Magnolia Table. We have also just released books by Jessica Simpson and Carrie Underwood and in May, we expect to benefit from the release of the film, The Woman in the Window based on autonomous best seller by A. J. Finn. To summarize, the first half was as expected that had sluggish, but we see progress across many of the segments in the second half. It is increasingly clear that News Corp is harvesting benefits from being a creator of content as markets, societies and the big tech platforms appreciate its commercial value. We are simplifying the structure of the company with a view to maximizing its value for investors. As a result, for example, the inherent value of our digital real estate assets and Dow Jones will be more obvious to the benefit of all our shareholders. And now, for more details on the second quarter and financial 2020, I’d turn to Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. turning to the financials, fiscal 2020 second quarter total revenues were approximately $2.5 billion, down 6% versus the prior year and total segment EBITDA was $355 million down 4% versus the prior year. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, currency fluctuations, and the other items disclosed in our release, revenues fell 4% and total segment EBITDA decreased 3%, a notable improvement from the prior quarters EBITDA performance. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.14 as compared to $0.16 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.18 in the quarter flat with the prior year. Turning now to the individual operating segments. in News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were over $1.2 billion, down 1% versus the prior year. on an adjusted basis, revenues were flat reflecting a material improvement from the prior quarter. Advertising fell 5% while circulation and subscriptions grew 3% despite currency headwinds, digital revenues for Dow Jones and the newspaper mastheads represented 39% of their combined revenues, up from 35% in the prior year. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was $142 million, up 27% from $112 million, benefiting from the growth at News UK and Dow Jones. There was a one-time benefit of approximately $22 million due to the settlement of certain warranty-related claims in the UK. However, even absent that benefit, we saw growth in segment EBITDA. This was driven by the UK, Dow Jones and the narrowing losses at the New York post, partially offset by lower contributions from news Australia and news America Marketing. Similar to the first quarter, we reclassified approximately $8 million of cost in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 from the other segment, the News and Information Services segment. These reallocated costs are related to various initiatives including news IQ, our global programmatic effort and certain shared technology services that directly benefit the News and Information Services segment, as part of our ongoing efforts to leverage our global scale to lower cost. Turning now to the segment highlights. at Dow Jones, consumer circulation revenues grew at a healthy 5%, reflecting 17% growth in digital-paid subscribers across Dow Jones consumer products. This includes 13% growth in digital-only paid subscribers at The Wall Street Journal. In the aggregate, The Wall Street Journal subscriber base reached approximately $2.6 million. professional Information Business revenues accounted for 27% of Dow Jones revenues this quarter, growing 8% to $115 million maintaining momentum from the first quarter. As Robert mentioned, the key growth engine continues to be in risk and compliance, which grew a healthy 21% this quarter. This is a highly profitable and scalable business and is on track to approach $160 million of revenues this fiscal year. The Newswires product also showed growth benefiting from licensing deals with Bloomberg and FactSet, while Factiva was stable. advertising at Dow Jones was weaker this quarter, falling about 5% compared to the prior year. Digital accounted for 43% of advertising revenues. digital advertising was lower in the second quarter, primarily due to tough comparatives from the prior year, which showed significant programmatic growth from MarketWatch. However, we have seen a strong start so far this quarter although visibility remains limited. while it is very early days, we are making progress on monetizing valuable third-party partnerships, which is our key strategic focus as we expand the reach of Dow Jones and the Wall Street Journal across digital platforms and markets. These include deals with Twitter from WSJ; watch now videos our week-day podcast, the journal with Spotify and our recent content partnerships with Apple and Facebook. Overall, Dow Jones posted 4% revenue growth and another quarter of increased segment EBITDA contribution. elsewhere across our news portfolio, advertising conditions were mixed. News UK’s advertising revenues rose 5% on both the reported and local currency basis representing the second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth on a local currency basis, led by digital advertising growth at The Sun and moderating print declines. Advertising conditions in Australia remained challenging, but improved slightly from the prior quarter rate with revenues down 11% on a reported basis and down 7% in local currency. for circulation revenues, the increase in cover prices and digital subscribers that both news Australia and New UK helped mitigate print volume declines and Australian currency headwinds. Finally, at News America Marketing, revenue fell 4%, an improvement from quarter one. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $501 million, down 11% versus $562 million in the prior year, of which $25 million or 5% was due to the negative impact from foreign currency. on an adjusted basis, revenues declined 6%. Broadcast subscriber trends were relatively similar to the prior quarter with the revenue decline, driven by a lower broadcast subscriber base and changes to the broadcast subscriber package mix as well as modestly lower pay-per-view revenues. Revenue declines were partially offset by expanding OTT revenues. As a reminder, we lacked a price increase from last year, which also impacted the year-over-year comparison. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $70 million, down 17% from the prior year driven by the revenue decline, partially offset by lower total costs including programming and transmission costs as the team at Foxtel continues to focus on streamlining business. Turning to the KPIs. Foxtel’s closing paid subscriber base was approximately $3 million as of December 31, reflecting a 3% growth with 96,000 subscribers versus the prior year driven by the launch of Kayo in November 2018. total paying OTT subscribers reached 684,000, up 73% versus last year. We have seen over the past year that Kayo’s paid customers will increase around key exclusive events with the conclusion of Australia’s popular winter sports and the Rugby World Cup. The number of paid subscribers in Kayo fell from the prior quarter. notwithstanding Kayo viewer engagement continues to be strong to the subscribers watching an average of 5.3 weekly hours with the average customer watching seven of the 50 different sports available on Kayo each week. We’ve also been pleased with increasing brand awareness, the stability of the platform and more importantly, customer feedback in relation to the user experience. Kayo’s solid subscriber base gives us optimism as it enters its second year ahead of the prime winter sports selling season. The team continues to work on a new OTT entertainment product built on the Kayo technology platform with the commercial launch anticipation in the fourth quarter. in the second quarter, broadcast churn is 16%, which is slightly higher than the 15.6% in the prior year. Foxtel direct channel churn of 14% with 2.5 points lower than the prior year, which was the lowest second quarter rating for year. like last quarter, the main driver behind the higher churn is coming from the lower ARPU Telstra wholesale customers on the expiring contracts from the past 12 to 24 months. broadcast ARPU declined about 1% to over AUD 77 per month. In November, we completed the refinancing of a significant portion of Foxtel debt, which extended maturities for at least three years. more details will be available in the 10-Q filing. At Book Publishing, HarperCollins revenues for the quarter fell 11%, $442 million and segment EBITDA fell 28% to $63 million. As we have previously indicated, the revenue decline this quarter was primarily due to a tough comparison with the prior year, which included Homebody by Joanna Gaines, Girl, Wash Your Face by Rachel Hollis, The Hate U Give by Angie Thomas and hired back with sales from the subtle art by Mark Manson. The declines were partially offset by new releases, which includes the Pioneer Woman Cooks: The New Frontier by Ree Drummond and The Beast of Buckingham Palace by David Walliams. We saw a 5% improvement in digital sales compared to the prior year, primarily due to the 17% growth in downloadable audio books. Overall digital sales represented 19% of consumer revenues for the quarter. Progress is being made with our non-publishing ventures. We expect the partnerships with Elizabeth Gabler’s group of Sony pictures and Bell Media to provide a longer-term payoff. These partnerships underscore the value of our intellectual property and should allow us to capitalize on other revenue streams with very modest capital outlay. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues were down 5% to $294 million, of which foreign currency fluctuations had a negative impact of $8 million or 2%. On an adjusted basis, revenues declined 3%. REA Group revenues were down 8% or down 4% in local currency. The decline moderated from last quarter, but the benefit from higher yield and improved product mix in the residential business were more than offset by a 12% year-over-year decline in the new listing volume during the quarter although the rate improved in each month during the quarter. Traffic page views, app launches, all trends at higher and we are seeing key indicators pointing to a gradual property market recovery. in the developer market, new project commencements fell 33% in the quarter and the associated revenues have remained challenged. Please refer to REA’s earnings release and a conference call that just concluded for additional details and comments on the outlook. move revenues declined 1% to $121 million, although importantly, real estate revenues grew 4%. revenue trends slowed in the quarter, primarily due to the lapping at the Opcity acquisition in October 2018 and the subsequent transition of leads from the core league model to the referral model, which has a tiny impact as revenue is recognized when a transaction closes. the increasing real estate revenues, which represented 82% of total move revenues was led by growth in audience and high lead volume together with an increased penetration of local expert, a local branded product. Results at Opcity remain encouraging as we saw improvement in the KPIs across the 17 markets we are testing including and most importantly close rates. We are very encouraged by the results and continued to anticipate improvements at move in the second half. on audience, average monthly unique users for the quarter at realtor.com were $59 million rising 9% versus the prior year and a gainful, very strong year-over-year growth in page views and time spent on site. segment EBITDA sell 2% or $118 million; however, on an adjusted basis, EBITDA rose 2%. results reflect increased profit contribution at move, benefiting from phasing of marketing, restructuring changes implemented late last year and the lapping of investment costs at opcity, offset by lower REA revenues. I would now like to talk about some of the themes in the upcoming quarter. at News and Information Services, overall advertising trends thus far remain similar to the prior quarter levels, although visibility remains limited, we expect to see improvements at Dow Jones from increased licensing revenues from previously announced content licensing agreements notably from Facebook. As I noted, we have also seen a pickup in digital advertising at Dow Jones so far this quarter. Overall, we would expect to see improvements compared to the prior year among our news brands although news America Marketing likely remains challenged. in Subscription Video Services for the third quarter, we expect approximately $10 million of costs related to the accelerated amortization that we previously noted and modestly higher marketing costs in front of the key winter sports selling season. However, we expect full-year costs to be relatively stable with the prior year in local currency given the lower total expenses this quarter as I noted earlier. in Book Publishing, as Robert mentioned, we expect the timing and slate of new releases combined with less challenging prior-year comparisons in the fourth quarter to lead to improvement in book publishing in the second half. and at Digital Real Estate Services, as noted in their release, REA anticipates more favorable listing conditions in the second half of financial year 2020 to deliver a stronger revenue outcome. Please see their release for more details. We also expect improvements in the second half with the ongoing progress at Opcity. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] All right. And I’ll take our first question from Kane Hannan at Goldman Sachs. please go ahead.
Kane Hannan: Good morning. Just two from me please. Firstly, to ease up those around the expected timing on that NAM final negotiations. And also your latest thoughts around the use of these proceeds. Now, the Foxtel debt financing has been finalized? And then secondly, just on the entertainment OTT plans. What should we read into the HBO max trademark that was recently filed in Australia? And can you comment on how you think about the importance of HBO OTT or Foxtel’s entertainment offering? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: First of all, News America Marketing was indeed marketed. We’re engaged in active negotiations for the sale of the company. And I’m happy to report that those discussions are well advanced. Frankly, the company’s balance of revenues have shifted from being a newspaper insert company to being more of an installed marketing company. The letter is certainly a profitable business, but not core to our competencies. I won’t comment on the use of the funds. as for HBO-related questions, you really should pose those to HBO. What I would say is that we have an unparalleled collection of programming at foxtel, where unlike U.S. cable companies in the past week ranges across a real range of providers. And there’s no doubt, for example, with recent renewals of Fox, NBCU, Sony, Discovery, BBC, we still have two more years of HBO that we’re in very good shape.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Kane. Eduardo, we’ll take our next question please.
Operator: Yes. I’ll take the next question from Entcho Raykovski of Crédit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. My question is around Kayo, obviously subs the client in the quarter, you’ve pointed to some states and all factors driving these. I’m just interested in how is that decline is compared to your expectations. Are you a little bit surprised that that subs it down over the period? And I mean do you feel that we have now reached close to full penetration for Kayo. It’s fairly – fairly seems to launch. And then just related to that, I mean, do you think pricing speaks to the right level? Do you feel like you need additional content? Any comments would be helpful.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, it’s a very early phase of the evolution of Kayo and it has been an exponential evolution. If you look at really only been in existence for just over a year. And as you know, we are very much in the low sports season in Australia. Our crickets fascinating, sometimes antediluvian as it can be is not as compelling for crowds in Australia as Aussie Rules or Rugby League. But cricket has certainly made a positive difference to audience retention. But the winter sports in Australia are about congregation and audience aggregation and we’re on the cusp of that selling season. There’s no doubt that Kayo is an absolutely world class OTT offering, also no doubt that it has a hell of a runway. As you know, the customer reviews are resoundingly positive. I mean, streaming technology without equal in Australia, is unrivaled and non-pareil [ph]. And let us be clear, this is not a 699 offering, but a premium $25 a month product.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Eduardo, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Gould at Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Alan Gould: Thank you. I have just two questions please. First for Susan, can you just talk where the Foxtel debt stands now, including this Telstra debt and what kind of covenants it has and how it stands relative to its covenants? And Robert, for marked philosophical question. Warren Buffett has given up on local newspapers in the U.S. in the U.S., you have a national newspaper without local newspapers. How important are the local newspapers in Australia to your national newspapers and the rest of your Australian business? Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: Hi, Alan. Just in relation to the Foxtel refinancing, you’d be able to find all the details in the 10-Q. They will have the different charges with the interest rates and the maturity by every individual chart in there What I would say though is in relation to the covenants; we did put $700 million of a shareholder loan in subordinated, in order to provide plenty of head room in relation to the covenants. So, we have absolutely no concerns at this stage that there’s any issues with those.
Robert Thomson: And as for papers, Alan, I think yours was a philosophical question and I’ll give you an even more philosophical answer. Is it the ecosystem generally can use content is in the midst of two levels of transition. We have to change the ecosystem for news content. It is digitally dysfunction, which affects national and local papers. And then our papers, whether local or national, have to transform themselves within that challenging landscape. Unless fundamental changes take place at both levels, the havens will not be, cannot be in equilibrium. And let’s be clear, we are literally dealing with fundamental changes in the character and valued content, and it is absolutely fair to say that with Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch’s leadership, no company has been as influential on this issue as News Corp.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Alan. Eduardo, we’ll take our next question please.
Operator: So our next question comes from Craig Huber at Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. I got a few questions. You can just go one at a time please. On your last call, Robert, you mentioned a little bit today, I’d like to hear a little bit further about your relationship with Facebook. The Wall Street Journal payment there, is a room there, is just kind of think out here in the coming years to actually expand that relationship and the size of monetary payment, what’s the benefit for you? That’s my first question.
Robert Thomson: Craig, obviously, that’s an evolving relationship and not just with Facebook, but with the other digital platforms, where – I can’t obviously go into specific details about the agreement, but it is a substantial agreement, it creates new precedents. We host the content, we sell the advertising, and Facebook pays a premium for premium journalism and up until that point, that kind of precedent hasn’t been established and it is a precedent that will resonate.
Craig Huber: Do you see any, Robert, the other platform that’s like a Google or something coming down the pipe at some point when we get to payments there or is that not realistic?
Robert Thomson: I couldn’t possibly comment on other platforms other than the observation I made about the real appreciation of Sundar Pichai for the importance of high-quality journalism for society.
Craig Huber: Okay.
Michael Florin: Eduardo, we’ll take our next question please.
Operator: And so our next question comes from Brian Han at Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Brian Han: Robert, now that you’ve sold the Unruly and put NAM on the sales book, would it be fair to say that assets, such as the Wireless Group, storyful and SkyNews are also being looked at? And also Susan, in News and Information, did you guys change the prior quarter’s EBITDA number from 120 to 112? And if so, why?
Robert Thomson: Regarding your question of simplification, obviously, we love all our assets and we just acquired wireless, which is playing a beneficial role in the development of – for example, as I mentioned, [indiscernible]. Look, simplification is an ongoing process with a clear cogen purpose, to make the inherent value of the company more obvious to investors. You may have noticed, it was a complexity to the company given the mix of assets and there’d be great transition in some of the sectors. And the more – frankly, that we can highlight the value of individual assets, the more that the positive trajectory and the transparency of the company will become obvious.
Susan Panuccio: And Brian, just in relation to your question around the News and Information Services EBITDA, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we – this is similar to what we did last quarter. We had about $8 million of costs that we reallocated into that segment from the other segments and those costs related to various initiatives including news IQ, which is our global programmatic effort, and shared technology services that directly impact on that particular segment, which we continually look at as we look to leverage our global scale.
Brian Han: Thank you.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Brian. Eduardo, we’ll take our next question please.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back to Michael Florin for any additional closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Eduardo and thank you for all participating. We look forward to talking to you soon. Have a great day. Take care.
Operator: This now concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-11-07 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp Q1 Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Eduardo. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community.  This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release.  With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Mike. In the first quarter of fiscal 2020, News Corp showed strong growth at Dow Jones and higher revenues at Move, operator of realtor.com. So the company also faced challenges from pronounced currency headwinds, a sluggish Australian economy, in particular, a struggling Australian property market, as well as difficult comparisons with the prior year onetime revenue item, a noncash impairment charge in this quarter. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues of $2.34 billion with total segment EBITDA of $221 million. This represents a decline of 7% in revenues and 38% in profitability versus the prior year. Of the revenue decline, 3% was directly attributable to currency and 2% to our onetime cash payment last year by Tabcorp in the U.K.  Before getting into the final details of the quarter by segment, I want to address a significant development that bodes well for our future prospects. There has been a fundamental change in the content landscape. For over a decade, News Corp has led the international debate in seeking fair returns for our high-quality content from the digital platforms. Clearly, the dominant digital platforms are under intense and continuing regulatory scrutiny on issues such as privacy and an opaque advertising market. There has, however, been a substantial development with Facebook's decision to pay a significant premium for our premium journalism at the WSJ and beyond. This decision begins to change the content equation, and we expect a positive impact on financials at our News and Information Services segment over the long term, beginning this fiscal year. The Facebook deal complements the agreement we reached with Apple in March when The Wall Street Journal became a launch partner for Apple News+, which expanded the reach of The Journal and its journalism to new audiences. Our brands and our content obviously benefit from the marketing region prowess of a partner, which has nearly 189 million phones in the U.S. and 1.4 billion devices globally.  We expect the sectoral shift in the value of digital content to have significant implications for our investors and our bottom line. And let us be clear, these unprecedented changes in the publishing industry would not have been achieved without the determination of Rupert and Lock and Murdoch and the unwavering support of the new score board, which has taken a long-term principal stand on the need to change the digital ecosystem. Other publishers around the world should feel free to send us a commission for services rendered.  Another development worth highlighting is the ongoing simplification of News Corp. As you are aware, we have put our News America Marketing business under strategic review and are in discussions regarding a possible sale of that business. We expect to update you in due course.  Consistent with that theme of simplification, we have our Unruly ad tech business under strategic view and are also in discussions about a potential sale. We have learned much from the very talented team at Unruly, and those lessons will inform our ad business for many, many years to come. With simplification being an ongoing process, the company will continue to review its structure with the aim of bringing extra focus to our key assets, allowing investors to have a far clear review of their prospects.  Let me turn to the News and Information Services segment in which Dow Jones had a strong quarter with increased revenues and greater profitability year-over-year. Wall Street Journal subscriptions grew 8%, and we have crossed the 70% threshold for the number of digital-only subscribers. Important to note, we currently do not include readers of Apple News+ in that number. So it certainly does not fully capture the number of readers who are now paying for access to The Journal.  Advertising revenue at Dow Jones grew 2% in the quarter and led notably by strong digital outperformance at wsj.com, which grew 13% as compared to a decline of the New York Times. We also saw stronger circulation revenue growth and increasing profitability as compared to the New York Times. Dow Jones Professional Information Business continue to thrive, with the burgeoning risk and compliance sector, in particular, growing 25% year-over-year. With many companies under intensifying regulatory scrutiny, the imperative to minimize risk and to maximize compliance remains a burgeoning source of business. Overall, our Professional Information Business represents a pronounced distinguishing advantage over media competitors and provides multiple opportunities for us to upsell specialist content to companies, professional investors and individual investors who actively manage their portfolio.  Barron's group continued to report strong traffic growth in Q1, with total unique users up 27% year-over-year driven by MarketWatch and Barron's online. Barron's subscribers grew 7% to 587,000, while MarketWatch Q1 revenue was its strongest quarterly revenue performance ever.  In the U.K., digital subscribers at The Times and Sunday Times grew 19% to 312,000. Advertising in local currency was up for the first time since Q3 of financial year '18 as digital growth more than offset modest print declines. Digital advertising growth of The Sun accelerated from the prior quarter rate and benefited from a growing audience and higher yield with approximately 129 global monthly unique users in September 2019. Meanwhile, at Wireless, the October radar results show that the reach of Wireless's stations grew 21% year-over-year with a 26% increase in listening hours. And propelled by Chris Evans joining the network, Virgin Radio experienced a 300% increase in reach and a 500% jump in listening hours.  Meanwhile, talkSPORT had a 20% increase in digital listening, thanks in part to the new Premier League rights, which drive Saturday listening up 120% year-over-year. In Australia, there were harsh economic conditions that affected all of our businesses, including HarperCollins. In media, we continue to execute on our digital strategy with the mastheads reaching more than 542,000 digital subscribers, representing 23% year-over-year growth. At the Australian, 65% of subscribers were digital, showing that a subscription sensibility is indeed evolving and more people expect to pay more for digital products. Circulation revenue was also lifted by cover price increases at our metropolitan mastheads. We took the bold step of sharply increasing the cover price of the New York Post in June, and there has been a 12% year-over-year increase in circulation revenue. Advertising also rose at a similar rate. It is worth noting that more than 70% of The Post advertising revenues in the quarter were digital.  Turning to subscription video services. Total subscribers at Foxtel grew 6% year-over-year despite the difficult conditions in Australia. The latest number of paying Kayo payer subscribers as of November 5 reached 402,000 with total subscribers at 443,000, and this is less than a year after its launch. With the Rugby World Cup ending last week, Kayo is now preparing for the seasonal shift to cricket and other summer sports in Australia. And Kayo customers continue to be highly engaged with over 75% of subscribers using the product each and every week. Kayo is a premium streaming service and shows that a far larger number of Australians are prepared to pay for content they had previously been presumed. Given that we have already acquired the sports rights, it's another important opportunity to monetize those rights without undermining the core. [Technical Difficulty] operator of realtor.com had a robust quarter, and we have reason to be optimistic over its prospects, thanks to signs of improving health in the U.S. housing market. Existing home sales are on the rise, and there has been rapid audience growth at realtor.com where there was an 18% year-over-year increase in traffic in the quarter.  Based on the most recent comScore data, realtor's.com traffic is clearly going significantly faster than that of our nearest competitor. In addition, we are pleased with the ongoing integration of Opcity, a business that is helping realtor.com become even more connected to consumers and to REALTORS who are provided with higher quality refined leads that we expect to monetize in adjacencies such as mortgages. We are not entering the house flipping distressed sale business, but we want to offer vendors as many potential purchases as possible. The more competition for our house, the higher the price for the seller. While we have been in a period of reinvestment of Move due to the Opcity acquisition, we are seeing the benefits of that commitment with improving financials, and that will accelerate in the second half.  For News Corp, as the year unfolds, the simplification of our structure will continue, and we expect to see further benefits from the shift in a balance of power between creators of content and the digital distributors. Investors in News Corp should be the beneficiaries of that fundamental transformation.  And now for further insight, we will turn to Susan.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Turning to the financials. Fiscal 2020 first quarter total revenues were approximately $2.3 billion, down 7% versus the prior year, and total segment EBITDA was $221 million, down 38% versus the prior year. The results were impacted by last year's onetime benefit related to the exit of the partnership for Sun Bets in the U.K., coupled with continued currency headwinds and challenging prior year comparisons at HarperCollins.  On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, currency fluctuations and the other items disclosed in our release, revenues fell 4%, and total segment EBITDA decreased 30%. Net loss for the quarter was $211 million compared to net income of $128 million in the prior year, reflecting a $273 million of noncash impairment charges, primarily at News America Marketing. For the quarter, we reported a loss per share of $0.39 as compared to earnings per share of $0.17 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.04 in the quarter versus $0.17 in the prior year.  Turning now to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were over $1.1 billion, down approximately 8% versus the prior year. Currency had a $35 million or 3% negative impact. Digital revenues for Dow Jones and the newspaper mastheads represented 38% of the combined revenues. Approximately 34% of the segment's revenues were digital, up from 33% in the prior year, which included the onetime Tabcorp payment. Advertising revenues for the segment were down 8% in the quarter versus the prior year, with approximately $15 million or 3% due to negative currency fluctuations. Performance was stable versus the prior quarter rate. Improvements at Dow Jones and News U.K., absent currency impacts, were offset by declines at News America Marketing and News Australia. Circulation and subscription revenues rose 1% versus the prior year despite a $15 million or 3% negative impact from foreign currency. Growth was again led by Dow Jones.  Segment EBITDA for the quarter was $56 million, down from $109 million, with the decline due primarily to the absence of the net benefit related to the exit of the partnerships with Sun Bets in the U.K. last year. We reclassified approximately $7 million of costs in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 from the other segment to the News and Information Services segment. The costs are mainly related to initiatives, including News IQ, our global programmatic asset and some shared technology services to directly benefit the News and Information Services segment as part of our ongoing efforts to leverage our global scale to lower costs.  I will now talk through some segment highlights. At Dow Jones, consumer circulation revenues in the first quarter remained very healthy, growing 6%, benefiting from 17% growth in digital-only paid subscribers at The Wall Street Journal to approximately 1.9 million as well as subscription price increases. Digital paid subscribers accounted for 71% of the total subscriber base at The Wall Street Journal, up from 65% last year. We see a big opportunity to scale The Wall Street Journal, both directly and through valuable third-party relationships, as Robert mentioned. As a result, we expect to see incremental revenues from these partnerships this year. Total subscribers in the quarter for Dow Jones consumer products, which also includes Barron's and financial news in the U.K., reached approximately 3.3 million, again posting record levels. Of that digital-only, subscribers rose 20% versus the prior year to almost 2.3 million subscribers.  We remain optimistic about our Professional Information Business, which accounted for 29% of Dow Jones revenues this quarter. The key growth engine continues to be in Risk and Compliance, which accelerated its revenue growth to 25% in the quarter compared to the prior quarter. Overall, our Professional Information Business grew a robust 8% this quarter. Advertising revenues at Dow Jones in the quarter rose 2%, an improvement from the fiscal fourth quarter rate. It's led by digital growth with a relatively stable print performance. Digital advertising accounted for 42% of total Dow Jones advertising compared to 37% last year.  We continue to balance healthy revenue growth at Dow Jones with reinvestment, which is leading to ongoing profit growth. Elsewhere across our news portfolio, advertising conditions were mixed. News UK's advertising revenues were flat on a reported basis and up 6% in local currency, representing the first year-over-year increase in local currencies since the third quarter of fiscal 2018. The U.K. showed notable growth in digital, particularly at The Sun, which is growing in both audience and engagement.  Advertising conditions in Australia were more challenged, notably in print, with advertising revenues down 13% on a reported basis and down 8% in local currency. Digital growth helped mitigate print declines with continued growth from music stand, small medium business initiatives and news.com.au. On circulation, our digital paid subscribers again grew at an impressive rate. Digital subscribers rose 19% at The Times and The Sunday Times and 22% at News Australia. The increase in digital subscribers, along with cover price increases at both News UK and News Australia, helped mitigate print volume declines and currency headwinds. Finally, at News America Marketing, revenues fell 10% driven by weakness in freestanding insert products given the ongoing digital migration, but partially offset by growth in in-store product revenue, which accounted for roughly half of the overall revenue.  Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $514 million, down 9% versus $565 million in the prior year, of which $34 million or 6% was due to the negative impact from foreign currency. Broadcast revenue trends were relatively similar to the prior quarter, with the revenue decline driven by a lower broadcast subscriber base and changes to the broadcast subscriber package mix. The revenue decline was partially offset by increased revenue contributions from Kayo and Foxtel Now. Importantly, as we look at a core driver of the business, TV subscription revenue, which includes both broadcast and OTT revenue, excluding the impact of currency, revenue growth from OTT products almost offset broadcast declines in the quarter, which will be key to the stability of the business.  Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $81 million, down 28% with the prior year, which, in addition to the revenue trends, was also impacted by $16 million of costs related to domestic cricket rights, which we didn't have in the prior year and $14 million related to the noncash accelerated amortization of certain of our entertaining -- entertainment programming costs, as we highlighted last quarter. We continue to expect approximately $30 million to $35 million impact from the accelerated amortization for the full year with a greater impact in the first half of the year.  Other costs notably in overheads were lower this quarter as the team is focused on rightsizing the cost base. We continue to expect full year capital expenditures to be approximately 20% lower than the prior year and for the cash flow generation to improve.  Turning to the KPIs. Foxtel's closing paid subscriber base was approximately 3.1 million as of September 30, with volume growing 6% versus the prior year driven by the launch of Kayo last November. Of that subscriber base, over 2.3 million of the total closing subscribers were broadcast and commercial subscribers, and the remainder consisted of Kayo and Foxtel Now. Kayo paying subscribers grew to 364,000, up from 331,000 last quarter or 12% of the total Foxtel subscriber base, including trial list Kayo rose 430,000 subscribers. We are seeing that customer activations are more pronounced around big events. The first quarter had less exclusive content, particularly following the Cricket World Cup, but we have seen notably stronger ads with the start of the Rugby World Cup, which began in late September. As of November 5, Kayo paying subscribers have increased to approximately 402,000.  We continue to see that Kayo subscribers are incremental to the subscriber base with very little cannibalization from the core broadcast business. Paying subscribers for Foxtel Now were approximately 375,000, down from 446,000 last quarter following the conclusion of the Game of Thrones, but still up from the prior year and have seen an improvement in ARPU from both the last quarter and the prior year. In addition, Foxtel is also planning a new entertainment product, which will leverage the Kayo platform with the commercial launch anticipated later in this fiscal year.  In the first quarter, broadcast churn was 14.4% versus 12.9% in the prior year, but down from 14.7% in Q4, reflecting continued focus on churn management in the Foxtel direct channel and higher penetration of the iQ4 set-top boxes.  As a reminder, lower ARPU customers on expiring contracts from the past 12 to 24 months compounded by a price rise is resulting in higher churn versus the prior year. Churn from platinum and sports teams remain materially lower than the base.  Broadcast ARPU grew 2% to about AUD 78 per month. We expect to complete the refinancing of a significant portion of Foxtel debt in the coming weeks, which will include a package of bank refinancing, third-party financing and additional shareholder funding. As part of the refinancing, News Corp has contributed an additional AUD 200 million loan, and the new financing that will extend maturities for at least 3 years and, importantly, provide Foxtel with ample liquidity and flexibility to execute on its strategy. At Book Publishing, HarperCollins faced an unusually difficult comparison to the prior year due to the success of Rachel Hollis' Girl, Wash Your Face, Angie Thoma's The Hate U Give and Mark Manson's Subtle Art. As a result, revenues for the quarter fell 3% to $405 million and segment EBITDA fell to $49 million.  Notable releases this quarter include Daniel Silva's New Girl, Ann Patchett's, The Dutch House, Karin Slaughter's The Last Widow, Demi Moore's Inside Out and Ant Middleton's The Fear Bubble. Digital revenues declined 5% and represented 20% -- 22% of consumer revenues also impacted by the year ago comparison. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues were down 7% to $272 million, of which $10 million or 3% was due to the negative impact from foreign currency. On an adjusted basis, revenues declined 5%. REA Group revenues were down 14% and down 8% in local currency as higher yield and improved product mix was more than offset by an overall 15% year-over-year decline in new listing volume during the quarter. Developer revenues were also down on the back of a 26% decline in new project development. Revenue decline was also impacted by the extended duration of premier all listings from 45 to 60 days, which increased the revenue deferral for the period.  Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call that just concluded for additional details and comments on the outlook. Group revenues rose 4% to $123 million versus the prior year, with real estate revenues growing 11%, which is an improvement from the fourth quarter rate. The increase in real estate revenues, which represented 80% of total revenues, was led by a higher contribution from Opcity, combined with an improvement in lead volume and audience. This is in the context of the U.S. housing market showing signs of improvement, with existing home sales up low single digits in the quarter compared to the prior year.  As I mentioned last quarter, we began live testing a performance-based-only model in over a dozen markets starting on May 1 to analyze the impact and scalability of the platform. The test also allows us to better control the consumer experience and the transaction. Although it is still relatively early in the testing, every single one of the core metrics has gone up materially. Leads, meeting rates, home values and close rates are all trending in the right direction. We are very encouraged by the results and have continued to allocate more leads to the Opcity model, which will allow greater opportunities to further extend into ancillary revenues. On audience, we saw an acceleration in audience growth versus the fourth quarter growth rate with average monthly unique users at realtor.com reaching over 71 million, rising 18% versus the prior year, together with a notable pickup in both page views and time spent. Segment EBITDA fell 22% to $82 million due to REA revenue declines and investment at Move due to Opcity. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined just 2%.  Other costs increased to $47 million from $37 million. The majority of the increase is related to higher equity comp due to the performance, existing schemes and the stock appreciation since the grant date as well as the phasing of certain strategic initiatives. Most importantly, we do not expect this increase to be reflective of the full year.  I would now like to talk about some themes in the upcoming quarter. In News and Information services, advertising trends thus far remains similar to the prior quarter levels, although visibility remains limited. We continue to seek cost efficiencies, particularly in both the U.K. and Australia. Comparisons should ease now that we have moved past the Sun Bets benefit, and we expect to show improvements, particularly at our news brands.  In Subscription Video Services, we will anniversary the acquisition of the domestic cricket rights, and cost trends should be more favorable. We will also lap the price increase from October last year. In Book Publishing, as Robert mentioned, we're excited about the recent launch of Ree Drummond's Pioneer Woman The New Frontier, although we'll continue to face difficult comparisons as the prior year included Joanna Gaine's Homebody and strong backlist sales. Given the timing of the release schedule, we expect performance will be more second half weighted.  At Digital Real Estate Services, we anticipate improvements at Move as we lap the Opcity acquisition, particularly in the second half. As noted on their release, REA expects revenue growth to be skewed towards the second half of the fiscal year. Please see the release for more detail.  With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. I'll take our first question from Kane Hannan at Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Just at Dow Jones revenue growth of 6%., can you give a bit more color around the level of cost growth during the quarter to drive that growth? And then I suppose, some comments around the revenue quantum we should be expecting from those digital partnerships this year, sort of next year? I -- should we expect them to be material?
Robert Thomson: Well, look, I'll take the second part of the question first, Kane. The Facebook deal is a big deal. It establishes a clear precedent of paying a premium for premium journalism. And there are a couple of other initiatives that are notable. When you click on a headline in the Facebook News tab, you'll be taken to our site. So the story is not hosted by Facebook. And that means that we're able to sell advertising directly, and we'll have a more lucrative flow of permission data. And these were all essential preconditions for our ascent and our agreement, and will have a long-term benefit on our accounts.  The fact is that there'll be less providence if there's not a premium for Providence. And it's frankly clear that the revenue show flow had shifted dramatically from the creators to the distributors. So for us, there are -- commercially, there are 2 things that are meaningful and absolutely essential. Firstly, development of a subscription sensibility. There has to be more of a propensity to pay. Thankfully, Facebook understood that priority. Secondly, the digital advertising market is dysfunctional. The so-called open market is a virtual monopoly. We've been very public about our concerns on that segment, which is in dire need of reform, and is thankfully now under close scrutiny by 50 U.S. attorneys general.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, just in relation to the costs, we saw about a 4% increase in cost for the quarter for Dow Jones. So you should use that number as your proxy.
Michael Florin: Eduardo, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll now take the next question from Eric Pan at JPMorgan.
Eric Pan: You mentioned in your comments, you're bringing extra focus on your key assets. And given the proposed sale of NAM, how should we think about the company's overall strategy going forward? Are you looking to unlock the value of the assets via monetization? Or could you be looking to beef up your existing businesses with acquisitions?
Robert Thomson: Eric, simplification is indeed an ongoing process, and it doesn't stop at News America Marketing and Unruly. But we're very cognizant that the company trades at a discounted to some of the parts. We're seeking to rectify that situation and maximize value for all our shareholders. So it's fair to say that the institutional introspection will continue apace.
Michael Florin: Eduardo, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Entcho Raykovski at Crédit Suisse.
Entcho Raykovski: Robert. Just a couple from me related to SVs. And just firstly, Susan, wanted to clarify your comments around the next quarter. You said you've lapped the increase seen in domestic cricket rights, so should we expect any increase in the cost of the cricket heading into Q2? And then just secondly, your commentary around the launch of an entertainment-only offering in SVOD. Do you expect any additional costs associated with that offering? Or do you think that you can pretty effectively utilize your existing rights and offer streaming products? And then just related to that, sorry, to kind of carry on with this. But just your rationale for it given that it feels like it is a pretty crowded space in streaming services in Australia?
Susan Panuccio: I'll take maybe the first two, and Robert can take the last one Entcho, if that's okay. So just in relation to cricket, we would expect to see very, very modest increases over the course of the year. So the bulk of those costs have come through in Q1. But I think it's important to note when we think about the cost base, the largest increase that's come through is because of the noncash amortization in relation to those entertainment expenses. So over the full year, absent those costs, we would expect the whole cost base to be relatively stable. But it is important to note that the team down in Australia are continuing to focus on rightsizing their cost base and are continuing to look for opportunities as they move forward.  In relation to Aeries [ph], we are looking to launch that towards the back half of this particular fiscal year. We're not expecting to see significant incremental costs to your point. We do have a lot of the content covered within existing deals. We will, of course, have marketing costs as we scale up that product, but the actual incremental cost that we'd expect to see within the year is going to be minimal.
Robert Thomson: And if I could just supplement Susan's comments. And it will obviously be based on the Kayo distribution platform. So much of the engineering there has already been done. And I think when you speak of streaming, this salient point to note about Foxtel is the rapid growth of Kayo from nothing a year ago to 402,000 paying customers now and another 443,000 in total. And this is not a service that cost $6.99 a month. It's $25 a month. And given the view of feedback and satisfaction, there's obviously some longer-term elasticity in that price. And when you see the sluggishness in the Australian economy in advertising and real estate, which has obviously had an impact on our earnings, the results are even more impressive.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Eduardo, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Craig Huber at Huber Research Partners. All right. We'll now take our last question from Fraser Mcleish at MSC [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Robert, I'm just interested in your comments upfront that you were talking about giving us a clear view of the assets and the value, you're willing to just give us a little bit more insight to what you mean there. I assume you're talking about The Wall Street Journal and timing of that. I mean do we now have to wait until the next financial year for that? And that's my first question. And then just secondly, just on Move, which the margins -- you've got to do a little bit of work obviously to back them out because you don't report them, but look later around about that sort of 10% level and have sort of been stubbornly at that level for a little while. Is it structurally just a low-margin industry in the U.S. because they're obviously very low margins relative to similar businesses around the world? Or do you think you can really see some margin improvement there over the next few years?
Robert Thomson: On your first question, we really can't go into detail about what simplification means in the longer term. What it does mean at the moment is News America Marketing and Unruly, which are under strategic review. But as I said, that strategic review does not stop with those 2 properties, and we are very conscious of the need to highlight the value of the company and provide more transparency for investors. As for Move, both short, medium and long term, we believe that realtor.com is a tremendous property. You could see that the growth in audience is far superior to that at Zillow at the moment. If you take the independent comScore figures from September, the unique users at realtor.com were up 17%, while Zillow grew at only 2%. And Trulia actually shrank by 2%. And the divergence was even more marked on desktop with 10% of growth at realtor and Zillow, down by 12% year-on-year. We're at a very early stage of the evolution of the digital real estate market in the United States. And we think as it evolves, those margins will surely increase.
Susan Panuccio: And Fraser, I think I'll just add to that, that part of the reason and the rationale for acquiring Opcity was to accelerate that revenue growth going forward and provide an opportunity for margin expansion via ancillary revenues and different services. And so we would expect to see for the balance of this year and over the full year that revenue and EBITDA will continue to grow within that business.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Fraser. Eduardo, we'll take our next question.
Operator: All right, we'll now take the next question from Craig Huber at Huber Research Partners once again.
Craig Huber: Yes. Can you hear me this time?
Susan Panuccio: We can hear you.
Robert Thomson: Yes, we can hear you. Loud and clear, Craig.
Craig Huber: I have no idea what happened there. Look, I have two questions. Housekeeping question, circulation revenue across Dow Jones, Australia and the U.K. with and without currency. Did you give that? Maybe I missed it, but that's my first question. And my second question, Robert, you mentioned, I think a lot of people agree with you on this, that there's two large monopolies out there on the digital advertising front. I'd like to hear from you if you could just expand upon this, what do you think the solution is on that front?
Susan Panuccio: Craig, just in relation to your housekeeping question. So circulation at Dow Jones was up 6%. In the U.K., it was flat. But in reported numbers, down 5%. And in Australia, it was down 2% in local currency; reported, down 8%.
Robert Thomson: Craig, obviously, the tech topography is evolving very quickly. If you think back even 12 months ago, the prospects of Facebook paying for content, a carriage fee, as we called it, in fact, Rupert was the first to cite that as a need, the prospects seem remote. It's now real. And what we're finding generally in our discussion with the digital platforms is that, that they have indeed adopted a new approach. They realize that for various reasons that their past policies were unsustainable. But as I made clear to you, it's not just about paying a premium for premium journalism. It is also about sorting out what is an opaque advertising market, and there's no doubt that the regulatory pressure in that area is only going to increase. And a consequence of that, well, I suspect, be that as we're already seeing, more advertisers understand how dysfunctional that market is and seek association with high-quality content, and we will undoubtedly be a beneficiary of that given the excellent journalism that we have, not only in this country, but around the world.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Eduardo, we'll take our next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. It appears there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to Michael Florin for any additional closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Great. Thank you, Eduardo, and thank you for all participating. We look forward to talking to you soon. Have a great day.
Operator: This now concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-08-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal Year 2019 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Media is invited on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Karina. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Mike. News Corp completed fiscal year 2019 in a strong position with revenues increasing 12% and profitability rising 16% against the prior year, reflecting not only the consolidation of Foxtel, but also the continued strength and development of core segments of the company, including Book Publishing and Digital Real Estate Services, and substantial progress in the digital transformation of our News and Information Services businesses. The concerted focus on our primary revenue drivers, including the creation and distribution of premium content, was reflected in audience growth across News Corp's milestones and digital properties. We are also acutely focused on simplifying the structure of the company and making clear the full value of the sum of our parts. To that end, we recently announced a strategic review of News America Marketing, including a potential sale of the business. We have received material interest and the process is progressing rather well. There is clearly a fundamental shift under way in the content landscape. And one consequence, other than intensifying regulatory scrutiny of big digital, is a gradual transference of value to content creators, who over the past decade have lost influence in revenue to their digital distributors with Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch’s encouragement. News Corp has been advocating vigorously on behalf of journalists, journalism and the protection of intellectual property and that intense, sometimes solidarities advocacy, has begun to pay dividends for journalism and importantly for our shareholders. We are still at a relatively early stage of this tectonic transformation, but there will surely be an ongoing transfer of value to creators in coming years, which should be a great benefit to News Corp and its investors. We have begun partnering with companies such as Apple and Twitter, which recognize the value of our content. And discussions are under way with other digital companies, though I am not at liberty at this moment to provide more detail. What I can say is that the terms of trade and the tenor of our talks are now vastly different to even a year ago. In fiscal 2019, the News and Information Services segment posted higher profitability, which was spurred by the rapid rise of digital paid subscribers. The Wall Street Journal, the Times and Sunday Times and The Australian all grew subscriber volumes at a healthy rate with digital now accounting for the majority of their subscribers. There is an emerging subscription sensibility among consumers, which is obviously to our benefit, but we are also conscious of the need to provide ever better service to those subscribers, who rightly have high expectations for their digital experience. Dow Jones is a media business that we believe had a distinctive ability to prosper in the digital age. The Wall Street Journal recorded 14% growth in digital-only paid subscribers, who now account for over 69% of the total subscriber base of 2.6 million. Circulation revenue trends at Dow Jones remained robust, rising 7% for the year, well above the rates of the New York Times and others in the industry. Since separation in 2013, Dow Jones' consumer circulation revenues have grown more than 40%. And within that category, digital revenues at the Wall Street Journal had expanded by almost 150%. Advertising trends improved in Q4 for The Wall Street Journal. And in July, both print and digital advertising revenue were higher than a year earlier. As we look to the future, we believe that Dow Jones could attract a significantly larger subscription base by directions, subscriptions and through content partnerships. We have particular optimism about the international potential of Dow Jones given the relatively low non-U.S. share, 12% of subscribers today. We are also seeing the increasing ability of the Dow Jones team, deploying customized artificial intelligence to sell special Financial News and data products to professional and wealthy individual subscribers. The Dow Jones professional information business posted revenue growth for the second consecutive year after a period of transition, overcoming currency headwinds. An important driver of that growth has been the Risk and Compliance business, which grew 24% for the full fiscal year to exceed $130 million of revenues at attractive margins. Impressively, that business has more than quadrupled in size since its separation six years ago. Obviously, companies around the world are focused on maximizing compliance and minimizing risk. So we are confident that there will be continuing growth in that sector. In addition, Dow Jones will pass news coverage, and analysis is now aggregated on the Bloomberg terminal, significantly extending the reach and impact of Dow Jones' trusted high-quality journalism and analysis and enabling us to inform a larger total audience. Over the past fiscal year, along with other new partnership arrangements Dow Jones Newswires is now available on more than 300,000 additional terminals. These partnerships make our newswires the most widely available professional newswire services in the world. In the UK, in constant currency, The Times of London grew print advertising revenues for the second consecutive year. Digital paid subscriptions at The Times and Sunday Times grew 19% to 304,000, while regulatory approval was received this month for the sharing of resources by The Times and Sunday Times. Clearly, the change should result in operation efficiencies while we will be assiduous in protecting the unique identity of each of those iconic mastheads. Wireless Group posted its highest ratings ever in the April to June period. Chris Evans, the legendary radio broadcaster who joined Wireless Group's Virgin Radio last year, reached 1.1 million listeners a week across the UK during that period. In fact, Virgin Radio continues to be the fastest growing station in the UK, both in reach and listening hours. Meanwhile, Fox Sports hold record audience speakers with 3.3 million weekly listeners across the network in the quarter. Under Rebekah Brook's expert leadership, we are ensuring that the peerless broadcast skills of Wireless are being deployed to improve the quality of the audio products elsewhere in the UK to take advantage of rapidly increasing podcast amount. In Australia, our focus on growth paid off through an improvement in profitability for the year, driven in part by an increase in digital subscriptions, which now exceed 517,000, up 24% year-on-year with The Australian, a notably strong performer. At the same time, news.com.au has remained the number one website for 20 consecutive months, well ahead of its rivals with its monthly unique visitor number topping 10 million and total visitors at over 91 million in June. News Australia is also benefiting from the acceleration in digital advertising, including expansion of News Xtend, the small to medium business solution and from its cost reduction efforts. We are confident that Michael Miller and his talented team are well-positioned to extend their operational success into fiscal 2020. At the New York Post, the cover price was doubled to $2 in metropolitan markets, the first increase in seven years and one reason for improved financial results at The Post. And The Post digital network continues to be strong with audience numbers averaging more than 101 million unique users per month in the quarter, according to Google Analytics. In the Subscription Video Services segment, the combination of Foxtel and FOX SPORTS was completed in April 2018. And throughout fiscal 2019, the new business has been focused on delivering premium content and experiences to customers and rapidly expanding our streaming services, which have grown markedly over the past year. Foxtel is underpinned by a large and loyal broadcast subscriber base and unique content across sports, entertainment, documentaries and news. As of the end of the fiscal year, Foxtel's total paid subscribers grew to over 3.1 million, led by the success of our new sports streaming product, Kayo, and continued expansion of Foxtel Now, where the number of its subscribers increased by 36% from the prior year to 446,000 at year end. Kayo, which is launched in November 2018, showed a material acceleration in subscriber additions into the year end with over 330,000 paid subscribers as of June 30, a doubling since last quarter. Worth noting is Kayo's high level of audience engagement with 90% of subscribers using it each week, watching an average of 8.5 hours of sports content across an average of six different sports. In total, our streaming base in Australia has nearly doubled since calendar year end to approximately 777,000. It is notable that the growth in Kayo subscribers between the third and fourth quarter has actually been accompanied by a decline in average churn among sports tier subscribers to Foxtel broadcast over the same period. We announced in July the integration of Netflix into Foxtel's iQ3 and iQ4 set-top boxes which, along with a new user interface, creates a unified content discovery experience for our customers and strengthens our position in the market as the preeminent creator and aggregator of the broadest range of programming. At the same time, the consolidation of Foxtel and Fox Sports has obviously provided an opportunity to review our cost base without undermining the quality of service or programming. At Digital Real Estate Services, despite housing market headwinds, both REA and realtor.com strengthened their competitive position by continuing to innovate and expand audience. Signs of improvement in the U.S. housing market are emerging with realtor.com traffic at record levels. Interest rates declining, buyer lead volumes on the rise and pending home sales rising 2.8% in June. Last November, Tracey Fellows was promoted to President of Global Digital Real Estate, underscoring our Company’s increasing commitment to the sector, which has been an engine of growth since we separated in 2013. In fact, over that period, segment revenues have tripled through a combination of rapid growth in REA in Australia and acquisitions in the U.S. and Asia. We are in the process of a major transformation of realtor.com, underscored by the recent acquisition of Opcity and guided by our goal of providing consumers with a superior home buying and selling experience. While that acquisition and the migration towards a performance-based model naturally had an impact in revenues and investment last year, it represents a commitment to future growth by increasing the quality of connections between consumers and real estate professionals and heightening our potential to maximize the value of those interactions. We believe our focus on quality connections also increases our ability to generate additional revenue across the home buying and selling experience, from mortgage origination to the inevitable spending done by every family during the profoundly important process of moving home. REA Group continued to significantly outperform the competition despite the soft listing environment in the second half of the year. For the year, REA extended its lead over, domain generating nearly 3 times as many total visits. The company is continuing to create products that provide genuine value for ambitious agents. A federal election in May in Australia obviously contributed to economic uncertainty, but the political situation has clearly stabilized and the government is taking measures that should stimulate the housing market. We also made good progress in Asia through iProperty with healthy revenue growth despite fluctuating economic and political conditions. In Book Publishing, HarperCollins slide this year with new releases and a strong backlist, filling a 6% increase in EBITDA despite a tough comparison with 2018. We should benefited from a onetime lucrative licensing contract for J.R.R. Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings. As Tolkien himself wrote, all’s well that ends better. That is certainly true of the downloadable audiobooks, for which revenues rose 40% for the year. There is patently a fundamental shift in listening habits under way, and we expect double-digit growth to continue in the current year. Brian Murray and the HarperCollins team are finding new ways to make the most of our content and enhance the profile of our orders. We have just announced a partnership with Sony Pictures Entertainment in Hollywood and Elizabeth Gabler and her former Fox 2000 team to develop programming and films from the remarkable HarperCollins catalog. We have also announced an agreement through our Harlequin imprint with Bell Media in Canada to produce movies from Harlequin’s extensive library of more than 30,000 titles. The most successful book of the year was a standout hits from our Christian division by best-selling author, Rachel Hollis, who is debut and follow-up books: Girl, Wash Your Face; and Girl, Stop Apologizing, together shipped more than 5 million units during the year. We also saw great success with David Williams, including Ice Monster and World’s Worst Teachers; and Mark Manson had continuing success with his sequel to The Subtle Art of Not Giving an Expletive, with Everything is Expletive. With that book title, I will hand the call over to Susan for an unvarnished account of our fourth quarter and full year 2019.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Before I review this year’s end quarter financial results, I wanted to highlight five themes from this past fiscal year where we’ve made significant progress. Firstly, we’re making notable progress in stabilizing the News and Information Services segment and entered our fiscal year on a positive note. Our digital paid subscriber base continues to grow while we continue to focus on streamlining our critical space and investing in new revenue streams. Importantly, the segment posted a higher profitability this year with improvement across our key news publishing business units. The first time we’ve seen this improvement since the Company’s separated. We will remain focused on these areas in the coming year, and we are optimistic we can build on the current use of this. Secondly, the team at Foxtel have made steady progress on its over-the-top offering, including a successful launch of Kayo in November and further improvement to its premium broadcast product. Foxtel returned to volume growth, ending the year at the highest closing paid subscriber base since separation. And now with the core platforms in hub, they are focused on improving a path to revenue and profit growth. The performance in our Book Publishing segment this year underscores the value of premium content and the advantage of a global distribution network, posting record profitability even when facing a very challenging prior year comparable. Given the rapid rise of downloadable audiobooks and the explosion in demand for premium content globally, we continue to explore ways that HarperCollins can see the leverage its highly valued content into other media. As Robert mentioned, recent examples of these efforts are our announced partnership with Sony Pictures Entertainment and also with media in Canada our Harlequin division. These are deals with minimum capital outlay which have the potential to monetize content more broadly. Our businesses in the Digital Real Estate Services segment made strategic acquisitions, expanded their product offering and continue to capture audience share amid a challenging global healthy market. We feel positive about our pace of innovation and investment and believe this segment is well-positioned going into fiscal 2020. And finally, we continue to actively look at our portfolio. In June, we announced that News America Marketing is undergoing a strategic review, including actively exploring sale, and that process is ongoing. With that, I would now like to discuss our financial results. For the full-year fiscal 2019, total revenues were $10.1 billion, a 12% increase compared to the prior year. Reported results for fiscal 2019 include the consolidation of Foxtel. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of the Foxtel consolidation, significant currency headwinds and other items as disclosed in the press release, revenues rose 1%. Total segment EBITDA for the year was $1.24 billion compared to $1.1 billion in the prior year, a 16% increase over the prior-year period. Adjusted total segment EBITDA for the year rose 4%. Full-year dilution in earnings per share were $0.26 compared to a loss of $2.60 in the prior year, primarily driven by the absence of the non-cash impairment charges and writedowns of $1.2 billion recognized in fiscal 2018. Adjusted earnings per share for the year were $0.46 versus $0.44 in the prior year. Free cash flow available to the company for the year were $213 million, which included a step up in capital expenditures related to the consolidation of Foxtel. And now to the quarterly financial detail. We reported fiscal 2019 fourth quarter total revenues of approximately $2.5 billion, down 8% versus the prior year, due in part to the $105 million impact from continued currency headwind. Adjusted revenues declined 5%. Total segment EBITDA for the quarter was $269 million compared to $314 million in the prior year, down 14%. Adjusted segment EBITDA declined 8%. For the quarter, loss per share was $0.09 compared to a loss of $0.64 a year ago with the improvement mainly due to the absence of the write-off of the FOX SPORTS Australia channel distribution agreement last year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.07 compared to $0.08 in the prior year. Turning now to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were over $1.2 billion, down approximately 5% versus the prior year. Currency had a $40 million or 3% negative impact and was responsible for the majority of the decline. Digital revenues to Dow Jones and the newspaper markets represented 37% of combined revenue, approximately 33% of the segments revenue were digital, up from 30% in the prior year. Advertising revenues for the segment were down 8% in the quarter versus the prior year with approximately $18 million or 2% due to negative currency fluctuations. Circulation and subscription revenues were flat versus the prior year despite $17 million or 3% negative impact from foreign currency. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was $108 million, up 14% over the prior year and a very strong improvement from the last two quarters, primarily driven by News America Marketing, but also benefiting positive contribution from Dow Jones and News UK. I will now talk through some segment highlights. At Dow Jones, the consumer circulation revenues in the fourth quarter remained robust, growing 7% for the fourth consecutive quarter, benefiting from 14% growth in digital-only paid subscribers at The Wall Street Journal to over 1.8 million as well a subscription price increases. Digital paid subscribers accounted for over 69% of total subscriber of The Wall Street Journal, which is up from over 64% last year. Total subscribers in the quarter for Dow Jones consumer products, which also includes Financial News in the UK, reached approximately 3.3 million, again posting record level. Of that, the digital-only subscribers rose 20% versus the prior year to 2.2 million subscribers. Over the same period, Barron’s expanded its total subscriber base to 579,000, a 16% year-over-year increase. Within the professional information business, Risk and Compliance grew 23% in the quarter compared to the prior year and as expected, exceeded $139 million in revenues this year. We continue to expect significant growth ahead as we expand our product range. Overall, our professional information business grew 2% this quarter. Advertising revenues at Dow Jones in the quarters was flat, a notable improvement from last quarter led by an improvement in digital advertising as we had anticipated. For the quarter, digital advertising accounted for 40% of total Dow Jones advertising compared to 39% last year. Elsewhere across our news portfolio, advertising conditions were overall relatively stable with last quarter. Advertising revenues at News Australia and News UK declined 8% and 7%, respectively, yet both were down only 1% in local currency compared to the prior year, benefiting from higher digital advertising revenues. Pleasingly, The Times in the UK grew fleet advertising revenue in local currency for the seventh consecutive quarter. On circulation, our digital subscribers around the globe are growing at an impressive rate. Digital subscribers rose 19% to 304,000 at The Times and the Sunday Times. And they also have approximately 5 million registered users, which is both a source of subscriber acquisitions and an advertising opportunity as we continue to leverage our increasing audience scale. At News Australia, paid digital subscribers rose over 24% year-over-year to more than 517,000, which include 146,000 digital and bundled subscribed at The Australian. The increase in digital subscription along with cover price increases at News U.K. and News Australia allowed both markets to mitigate print volume decline and currency headwind. Finally, at News America Marketing, revenues fell 6% driven by continued weakness in free-standing insert products but partially offset by in-store product growth. Cost initiatives help NAM contribute high profitability in the quarter. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment, revenues for the quarter was $536 million, down the 12% versus $610 million a year ago, of which $44 million or 7% was due to the negative impact from foreign currency. Broadcast revenue trends were relatively similar to the prior quarter with the revenue decline driven by a lower broadcast subscriber base and changes to the broadcast subscriber package mix. The revenue decline was partially offset by increased revenue contributions from Foxtel Now and Kayo. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $85 million, down 12% with the prior year. From the fourth quarter, we are now comparing like-for-like as we completed the Foxtel consolidation in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. Turning to the KPIs, Foxtel's closing paid subscriber base rose to over 3.1 million as of June 30, with volume growing 12% versus the prior year. Growth was driven by Kayo, strong adoption of Foxtel Now and the inclusion of commercial subscribers at Foxtel Australia. Of that subscriber base, approximately 2.4 million of the total closing subscribers were broadcast and commercial subscribers and remain consistent of Kayo and Foxtel Now subscription. We are making steady progress in our OTT strategy, with Kayo claiming subscribers at 331,000 as of June 30, up by over 120,000 since our last update on May 8 and more than doubled since the third quarter, driven by the Cricket World Cup and the expansion of our distribution channel. Including trials, the total paid subscriber base reached approximately 382,000. Pleasingly thus far, Kayo is not forming a material chain in Foxtel broadcast customer base with an estimated 5% of Foxtel disconnection since Kayo's launch being driven by customers moving to Kayo. Foxtel Now also performed strongly with total paying subscribers reaching over 446,000 as of June 30, up 36% from last year. While this is down from the May 8 update to due to the conclusion of the Game of Thrones, Foxtel has been focused on retention, and overall, the product has exceeded our expectations. In the aggregate, Foxtel had a strong and growing base of OTT subscribers, which in total reached 842,000 subscribers at June 30, of which approximately 777,000 were paying subscribers, accounting for 25% of Foxtel's total paying subscriber base and is reflective of Foxtel strategy to monetize existing rights of a multiple platform. In the fourth quarter, broadcast churn was 14.7% versus 12.5% in the prior year, reflective of a 300 basis points improvement from the third quarter. The outcome in the fourth quarter reflects early successes from leveraging data and analytics to reduce churn despite the price increases. In addition, the team is focused on stabilizing broadcast ARPU, which is more than AUD78 in the fourth quarter, down 1% versus last year. Capital expenditures related to Foxtel were approximately $300 million for fiscal 2019 which is lower than what we had anticipated, and we expect sizable declines in fiscal 2020. Approximately 65% of the CapEx was subscriber related. Finally, we issued Foxtel AUD200 million shareholder vote in May at a variable rate of approximately 9% as we continue to work with banks on refinancing upcoming maturity. At Book Publishing, as expected, we faced an unusually strong prior year comparison with the prior year including a one-time revenue contribution of $28 million for the Tolkien sublicense to Amazon and the release of Magnolia Table by Joanna Gaines. Revenues for the quarter decreased 14% to $419 million due to the fact that I just noted as well as approximately $18 million of negative impact from the new revenue recognition standard. Segment EBITDA fell to $44 million from $72 million, with the biggest factor impacting profitability being the absence of the Tolkien deal from the prior year. Notwithstanding the fourth quarter results, HarperCollins have had a very strong year and outperformed our expectations. HarperCollins posted high digital revenues for the quarter and a fiscal year lead by the continued expansion of downloadable audio, which accounts for approximately 1/3 of digital sales today. They will also move to fairly capitalize our momentum and the depth of their backlist to generate longer-term incremental revenues as they have done via the new deals with Sony and Bell Media. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues were down 5% to $283 million, primarily related to currency headwinds of $13 million. On an adjusted basis, revenues were flat. REA Group’s revenues were down 6% and up 1% in local currency as higher yield and increased debt penetration was offset by an overall 19% year-over-year decline in the existing volume during the quarter, which was notably weaker than the third quarter and full year rate of 9% and 8% declines respectively. Please refer to REA's earnings release and the conference call following this call for additional detail and comments on the outlook. News revenues rose 3% to $123 million versus the prior year with real estate revenues growing 8%. The increase in real estate revenues, which represents 77% of total revenue, reflect higher yield per lease, a slight improvement in buyer lead volume and the acquisition of Opcity. While lead volumes remain subdued, the business did see an improvement in run rates in June, which should build momentum to this coming fiscal year. As I mentioned last quarter, we began live testing of performance-based early model in over a dozen markets starting on May 1 to analyze the impact on scalability of this platform. Early results have been promising, with improvements in engagement and leasing rates, which we expect to drive higher conversion rates. During fiscal 2020, we will continue to allocate lead flow to Opcity, although we expect that in most markets, we will be offering both our existing connection SaaS products along with the Opcity concierge model. We have, as mentioned last quarter, began to reallocate resources within the realtor.com team to better position and streamline the business to this year and beyond. On audience, we saw an acceleration versus the third quarter growth rate and average monthly unique users at realtor.com to a record 72 million for the quarter, rising 14% versus the prior year together with notable pickup in engagement. Segment EBITDA fell 15% to $84 million similar to the third quarter rate. The decline was driven by higher investment in Opcity and the $5 million negative impact from currency. On an adjusted basis, segment EBITDA decreased 7%. I would now like to mention a few things to the fiscal 2020 here. At News and Information Services, while advertising visibility remains limited, the revenue mix is becoming less dependent on print, and we are encouraged by the pace of global uptake of paid digital subscribers. In fact, excluding NAM, the majority of segment's revenue will be circulation and subscription revenues. So far, the advertising trends are similar to slightly better in the current quarter, and we continue to remain digital while reinvesting in our digital offerings. Overall, our expectation is a show further stability in this segment and it is pleasing that we finish the year with some strength. We do note the first quarter will face a challenging comparisons due to the $48 million benefit in the prior year related to News U.K.'s exit of the gaining partnership with Tabcorp. In Subscription Video Services, overall cost increases should be modest in fiscal 2020 absent currency fluctuation. We will have one additional quarter of domestic Cricket rights approximately $20 million before locking the rights and some additional OTT expenses as we drive further penetration. This will be in conjunction with our continued efforts to seek cost efficiencies. We also expect a non cash impact of approximately $30 million to $35 million in fiscal 2020 related to a change in amortization methodologies the sports and entertainment programming. We expect CapEx in the Foxtel to decline by approximately 20% compared to fiscal 2019 and overall expect higher cash generation from the business. In Book Publishing, we will face tougher comparison to the fiscal year given the outperformance in fiscal 2019. However, we are confident with our slice of tussle, which will be headlined a new releases from Regent Raymond, Ajay Sims, Daniel Silver and David Dwellings in the UK among others, along with expected continued growth in downloadable audiobooks. Fiscal third quarter releases include Daniel Silva's The New Girl and Ann Patchett’s The Dutch House as well as the tie-in edition of Garth Stein's The Art of Racing in the Rain, which will hit the movie theaters this weekend. At Digital Real Estate Services, despite a challenging housing market in Australia, REA should benefit from higher debt penetration and higher pricing. Please refer to REA's call for a more detailed outlook. At realtor's fiscal 2020, we anticipate both higher revenue and higher profit contribution by further expanding the Opcity concierge model, returning the non-listing base advertising back to growth and leveraging the recent cost initiatives. With that, let me hand it over to your operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator instructions] And we'll take our first question from Entcho Raykovski with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. A couple of brief questions for me. First one is around costs within news and insight services. So in the quarter, you had the same market, pretty good cost performance given that the EBITDA grow on revenues. Can you talk to the extent to which that was cost reductions within News America Marketing as opposed to the other segment within news and insight services? I'm just interested particularly in extent to which of those cost reductions can continue into FY 2020. And then on News America Marketing, you've given us a brief update on the sale process. Can you give us an indication of likely timing that you're looking at? And are you looking at mainly tied to financial bias?
Susan Panuccio: Hi, Entcho, it’s Susan here. Maybe I'll take the first question and hand over to Robert for the second question. Just in relation to the cost, they declined 7%, but down 4% on an adjusted basis. So cost distribution, Dow Jones cost are up but we would expect that to be up given the subscriber growth and the investments that we have in the PIB business in Risk and Compliance. Across the other businesses in the UK and Australia posted decline, and within them clearly cost declined by around 12% year-on-year. We are expecting to see cost continue to increase across the UK and Australia. We have been quite vocal about that over the past couple of years. The teams across the UK and Australia are very focused on cost reduction and continue to look at ways that they can innovate and drive costs, particularly out of the back office and some of the distribution chain. And we would also expect to see Dow Jones investing in that business going forward. But I would say that overall, we do balance the cost reductions with investment even within the UK and Australia because it's important that we can support that digital growth coming through in the businesses.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, obviously at this moment it is a little difficult to be absently specific about the identity of the bidders other than to say there's quite a few. But more broadly, we understand when it comes to the new score, that this is complex, it's not properly valued. And so we have begun a process of simplification that will be ongoing. The first, most tangible sign of that is the sale process at NAM. That company itself would change characters over the past few years and become more value because there was in-store and digital growth and a little less relevant into News Corp's core business. So it made sense to do that strategic review and that is materially interesting becoming.
Mike Florin: Thank you. And so Karina will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll next hear from Kane Hannan with global – I'm sorry, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kane Hannan: Good morning, guys. Just on the Foxtel OTT strategy, I think in the past, you've said you would only launch an entertainment SVOD if you're happy with Kayo's performance. But first, just given that growth you reported in the quarter, can you give us a bit of an update on around your plans if they exist for an entertainment SVOD? And just on the NAM business, can you give us a sense of both the EBITDA and margin that business makes? Or how you're thinking about any potential for that transaction?
Robert Thomson: Kane, again a little difficult to be specific, but the fundamental principle applies that if we thought Kayo was successful, then we would proceed with the new products. What we are seeing is Kayo is success, and fundamentally what we're seeing is a real growth in a number of Australians prepared to pay for premium programming. And there is little more premium than exclusive sports runs. So the old story about Foxtel was it had maxed out on subscribers that they were strictly limited number of Australians prepared to pay for content, and we heard that limit. Frankly, that's clearly not the case, and the doubling of Kayo subscribers has actually been accompanied by a fall during the same period by the rate of churn among sports users, subscribers on broadcast. That is a significant trend and an indication of the success of Kayo.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, just in relation to News America Marketing, we don't disclose the margins in relation to that business. What I can say is we do disclose the revenues and that is obviously in the release. At this stage, we are obviously exploring the options as Robert said, in relation to the strategic review, and that will including exploring the sale. But we're not going to comment further biggest that process is being concluded that's what we may do with the cash proceeds.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Kane. Karine, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear next from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi. Thank you. I guess two quick questions. Robert, Susan, what's changing your mind and your Board's mind to actually potentially put News America Marketing for sale now? I mean why now for that? And also, Susan, can you give us more clarity about how we should think about the cost for Foxtel for fiscal 2020 above and beyond what you've already said? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Craig, as I said a little earlier, we understand that the company is complex and that the valuation that we get, really a remarkable collection of asset is not fully realized in the share price. And so we have begun this process of simplification and that the most obvious outcome at this stage of that is the decision to conduct the strategic review of NAM, and that is well under way.
Susan Panuccio: I think Craig, I'll just also add to that, that one of the things that we've been thinking about is how to allow greater focus on News Corp's primary pillars including the creation and distribution of premium content in the digital segment. So just in addition to the comments that Robert said. Just in relation to your second question, in relation to Foxtel cost base, in relation to next year, clearly the current year, fiscal 2019 is the investment year for Foxtel. We are very clear about that and transparent particularly in relation to the Cricket rights. If we cast our lines forward to the next financial year, we would expect to have a one additional quarter of Cricket right so that. US$20 million, we will, no doubt, have some continued investment in OTT as we scale this product and depending on the marketing activities around that. But more importantly as I mentioned in my comment, we'll have this non-cash impact related to the programming amortization change, which is about $30 million to $35 million. So that will impact on the result. Outside of that, we expect that cost base will be relatively notwithstanding the variable nature of it due to subscribers.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Craig. Karine, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll next hear from Brian Han with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Brian Han: Hi, Robert, I have one question for you. I noticed that Fox recently invested in an online lending company called Credible, I think. And it looks like something that perhaps News Corp could also have been interested in as part of your digital – digitalization strategy. So my question is has there been situations where News Corp and Fox compete for an acquisition? And if so, how do you guys decide who's going to take the first dibs and who is going to back off?
Robert Thomson: Brian, we look after News Corp. [indiscernible] saying about that Fox acquisition is that clearly, the Fox news and Fox Business news, great plasticizers of products. And that particular company has a very broad range of financial products aimed at consumers. So I wouldn't be surprised at all that it was a Fox acquisition. But we are separate companies and we ourselves are always reviewing our portfolio. Operator, we’ll – any more questions, Karina.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Florin for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Florin: Great. Thank you, Karina, and thank you for all participating. We look forward talking to you soon. Have a great rest of the day. Take care.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect your phone line.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-05-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp. Third Quarter Fiscal 2019 Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Media will be on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Todd. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp’s fiscal third quarter of 2019 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We’ll open with some prepared remarks, and then we’ll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp’s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I’ll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Mike. News Corp reap rewards from our digital strategy this quarter, underscored by a robust rise in digital subscriptions across our media properties, a sharp increase in digital audio book sales and continued expansion at our digital real estate businesses, despite volatile conditions in property markets. In the third quarter, the company saw 17% revenue growth to nearly $2.5 billion reported net income of $23 million versus $1.1 billion net loss in the prior year and there was a 36% increase in total segment EBITDA. These results reflect the consolidation of Foxtel and, among other things, another distinguished performance by Harper Collins. For the nine months to the end of March, our revenues were 20% higher and profitability was 29% higher. Turning first to the News and Information Services segment, where Dow Jones continues to expand its national and global digital reach. We have recently entered into a partnership with Apple, which is at an early stage. But the initial signs are encouraging, but in terms of reaching new audiences and the strength of engagement with The Wall Street Journal in the new app. The journal is the most trusted masthead in America and that value can be seen in its results this quarter, with paid digital-only subscribers of the journal growing to nearly $1.8 million, reflecting 19% growth. In total, 68% of subscribers are now digital-only. Equally as significant, in the last quarter, about 55% of circulation revenues of Dow Jones were digital, and we believe there is undoubted potential for future growth. In addition to the journal, other noteworthy Dow Jones properties include Barron’s and MarketWatch. At MarketWatch, audience expanded 13% in the first nine months to approximately $30 million average monthly unique users and revenue rose 13%. Barron’s subscribers grew over 20% in the quarter compared to the prior year, approaching $600,000 and its success continued in April, with Barron’s breaking its all-time audience record by achieving for the first time a combined total audience of 10 million print and digital uses. We’re also expanding the successful Dow Jones Professional Information Business, where risk and compliance reported 22% growth in revenues. This represents the ninth consecutive quarter of 20% or more year-over-year growth in that business. It is worth noting that at the time of the separation of News Corp in 2013, annual revenues, risk and compliance were at $31 million. We expect that number to more than quadruple by the end of fiscal 2019 to around $130 million. We believe that Dow Jones is uniquely able to provide risk and compliance services in an area of significant expected growth. In fact, a market research firm recently valued the global risk and compliance market last year at nearly $28 billion and forecast that it would expand to some $65 billion by 2025. Dow Jones robust live events business continues to expand across sectors and around the world, with The Wall Street Journal CEO Council set to meet in London and Tokyo this month, and they claim Future of Everything Festival launching here in New York City on May 20. At News UK, we also saw continued gains in print circulation market share across all titles. And at the Sun, digital traffic improved sequentially with 84 million global monthly users as of March and digital advertising revenue accelerated. The Times & The Sunday Times are another quarter of strong digital subscriber growth of 24% to 286,000 and now have in total 527,000 subscribers. In the wake of the recent favorable ruling by the UK government that will allow sharing the resources at The Times & The Sunday Times, we look forward to further efficiencies in their operations, even as the editorial independence remains sacrosanct. At News Corp Australia, digital subscription growth and heighten cost consciousness rounded out another solid quarter, despite the choppy advertising market. News Australia remains the largest print and digital publisher in Australia, with news.com.au still the number one news website significantly ahead of its rivals, with an audience of over 10 million uniques in March. News Corp Australia is looking forward to achieving 500,000 digital subscribers in the coming weeks. In the Subscription Video Services segment, Foxtel demonstrated its strength. Demand for the iQ4 set-top box launched earlier this fiscal year has exceeded expectation and now serves 43% of our broadcast base. This is important, not only because the customer experience is materially better, but because iQ4 customers have on average a higher build ARPU with lower chance. And while broadcast churn was elevated last quarter at 17.7%, impacted by a recent price rise, we saw a notable improvement in March and in April when churn fell to 16% then 15%, respectively. We are confident that the renewed focus on churn and loyalty should continue that trend. Obviously, we have been investing in streaming with platform development and marketing costs, as well as leveraging existing sports rights. Our new sports streaming product, Kayo Sports, has already amassed more than 239,000 users since its launch like last year, with more than 209,000 of them paid subscribers as of May 8. This growth reflects the sophistication of the technology and the strength of the exclusive sporting rights we have acquired. It is clear that the Kayo subscriber base is engaged, consuming an average of over seven hours of content per week. And while it is early days, cannibalization of the core broadcast product appears to be de minimis. Kayo is reaching a new audience and maximizing the value of our existing sports rights. We’re excited about the upcoming Cricket World Cup, which Kayo has the right too and look forward to maintaining the momentum at Kayo Sports. We keenly anticipate the integration of Netflix into Foxtel’s next-generation set-top box, which will herald the start of Foxtel aggregating other services. Along with a new user interface later this calendar year, this will create a unified content search experience for our customers and strengthen our position in the market, as providers of the broadest range of original and sports programming. Meanwhile, the success of the new season of Game of Thrones is attracting record audiences in Australia and demonstrates the power of our platform. As a result, we have seen the acceleration of Foxtel Now sales since quarter-end, with more than 567,000 subscribers as of May 8, and more than 505,000 of those paying subscribers. The opening episode of The Final Season garnered 962,000 broadcast views overnight on Foxtel in Australia, up 17% on the season premiere in 2017. That’s in addition to the total premier day audience of 333,000 new stream did live or on demand across Foxtel Now and Foxtel Go. The investment in streaming is starting to payoff. In the aggregate, with Kayo and Foxtel Now, total OTT subscribers at Foxtel increased more than 80% since the beginning of this calendar year to more than 714,000 paying subscribers. Driven by the strong growth of OTT, our closing subscribers as of April 30 totaled approximately 3.1 million, as compared to almost 2.8 million in the prior year. Turning to Digital Real Estate Services. REA Group continue to significantly outperform the competition, despite a soft listing environment and currency headwinds that is a weak Australian dollar. The housing market was also challenging in the U.S. but at Move, home of realtor.com real estate revenues, which accounted for 79% of total move revenues rose 14%. Overall, move revenues grew 5%, as we have consciously reduced our advertising inventory to improve the user experience, but are able to increase that ratio according to market conditions. Speaking of those conditions, there are clear signs that the U.S. housing market is strengthening, with lower mortgage rates, strong economic growth and significant increases in personal disposable income. As realtor.com’s Chief Economist noted, positive indicators foreshadow a potential strengthening of home sales in the months to come. This has been reinforced by record traffic at realtor.com in April, up 7% from the prior year to over 69 million unique, leading to 209 million visits. Also, the impact of those improving conditions were seen in the most recent new home sales figures. In March, new home sales rose 4.5% from the prior year to 692,000, the highest level since November 2017. New contracts in March were up 4%. Based on March data from Comscore, realtor.com has a greater number of visits per visitor compared to the competition, with more pages viewed and more time spent on the side. So not only does realtor.com have the most complete and up-to-date for sale listings in the industry, it also has the best level of engagement with its audience. Likewise, we remain confident in the strategic importance of our recent acquisition of Opcity, which leverages applied analytics and machine learning to quickly match consumers with the right real estate professional. The ability to generate high-quality consumer leads for realtors through Opcity provides a new outlet to sustain revenue growth. This acquisition will involve some investment to increase capacity, but it is an investment in future growth. We recently expanded Opcity to a number of test markets offering an exclusive performance-based experience to consumers and the industry. We believe that providing higher-quality leads to realtors is part of the changing U.S. property market and will result in higher-quality returns for realtor.com. There is still much potential for growth in the sector, which is at a relatively early stage of digital development. And we expect the sectoral and cyclical wins to be more favorable over the coming year. Turning to Book Publishing. Harper Collins once again delivered an impressive performance this quarter, with standout hits in our Christian division from best-selling author Rachel Hollis, whose previous title Girl, Wash Your Face has already sold over 3 million units and her latest Girl, Stop Apologizing, shipped another 1 million. Total digital revenues for the quarter grew 5%, which included 32% growth in downloadable audiobooks. Digital in the aggregate represented 21% of consumer revenues this quarter. Meanwhile, the Harper Collins backlist contributed approximately 63% of consumer revenues in the quarter. Harper Collins has been strengthening its reach into the U.S. book buying heartland. It is peerless in commissioning new authors, in its savvy editing and in its first-class marketing for best-in-class books. One recent example of the success of the strategy is the latest book from Joanna Gaines, We Are the Gardeners. And Ben Shapiro’s book, The Right Side of History, is now our bestseller in print and e-book. These successes enhance the bottom line with a 12.6% segment EBITDA margin in the quarter, compared to 10.3% in the prior year. Prospects with News Corp are certainly positive, given the performance thus far in this fiscal year, which is a direct result of the strategic and digital initiatives across our businesses. There is no doubt that the content landscape is changing and that we are seeing more people prepared to pay more for trusted news and innovative entertainment delivered efficiently, seamlessly to their mobile phone or hand devices. For more details on this quarter’s results, I now turn to Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Turning to the financials. Fiscal 2019 third quarter revenues were nearly $2.5 billion, up 17% versus the prior year and total segment EBITDA was $247 million, up 36% versus the prior year. Results reflect the impact of the consolidation of Foxtel. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of the Foxtel consolidation, currency fluctuations and the other items disclosed in our release, revenues rose 2% and EBITDA decreased 4%. For the quarter, earnings per share were $0.02, as compared to a loss of $1.94 in the prior year, which included a non-cash write-down related to Foxtel, as well as non-cash impairment charges at News America Marketing and FOX SPORTS Australia. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.04 in the quarter versus $0.06 in the prior year. Turning now to the Individual Operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were over $1.2 billion, down 5% versus the prior year. Currency had a $52 million, or 4% negative impact and was responsible for most of the decline. Approximately 31% of the segment’s revenues were digital, up from 29% in the prior year. Advertising revenues for the segment accounted to 48% of segment revenues and were down 9% versus the prior year, with approximately $23 million, or 4% due to negative currency fluctuations. Circulation and subscription revenues, which accounted for 44% of segment revenues were relatively flat versus the prior year, this despite foreign currency negatively impacting these revenues by $22 million, or 4%. Within the segment, revenues at Dow Jones rose 1%, News UK and News America Marketing declined 8% News Australia declined 7%. I will now talk through some segment highlights. At Dow Jones, 73% of revenues are reoccurring and subscription-based, relating to either consumer products, primarily for The Wall Street Journal and Barron’s or business-to-business through our Professional Information Business, or PIB, which includes risk and compliance, Factiva and Dow Jones Newswires. Consumer circulation revenues again grew 7%, benefiting from 19% growth in digital-only paid subscribers of The Wall Street Journal to nearly $1.8 million, as well as the benefit of highest subscription pricing ranging from an additional $2 to $6 per month. Digital paid subscribers accounted for 68% of total subscribers at The Wall Street Journal, up from 62% last year. This quarter we added net 66,000 new subscribers. In addition, subscribers for Barron’s, the financial news in the UK, grew 28% from the prior year, resulting in an overall subscriber – subscription for Dow Jones consumer products reaching almost 3.3 million, achieving record levels. Of that, over 2.1 million is digital-only. We also saw stable low single-digit revenue growth at PIB, despite currency headwinds, led by 22% revenue growth from risk and compliance, which remains its growth engine, as Robert mentioned, and a core differentiator versus the industry. Advertising revenues at Dow Jones fell approximately 8% compared to the prior year, which was weaker than the prior quarter, with the variance versus the second quarter mostly due to digital advertising, although, we expect to show an improvement in the fourth quarter rate. Elsewhere across our news portfolio, at News Australia, advertising declined 9% compared to the prior year, but rose 1% in local currency, due to the acquisition of Medium Rare and Integrated Content Agency business and digital advertising growth. We saw further weakness in the print advertising market. In the UK, advertising fell 11% versus the prior year, or down 5% in local currency, due mostly to soft print trends at The Sun, which had a challenging prior year comparison, partially offset by a sequential improvement in digital advertising growth at both The Sun and The Times. Now as Robert mentioned, modest improvement in print advertising revenues at The Times. Importantly, we saw accelerating year-over-year digital subscription growth at The Times & The Sunday Times, up 24% year-over-year to 286,000 and at News Australia up 21% year-over-year to 493,000. That along with cover price increases allowed both markets to post modest gains in circulation and subscription revenues, excluding currency headwinds. Finally, revenues at News America Marketing fell 8%, as growth in U.S. in-store advertising, which is the biggest contributor to NAM revenues, was more than offset by continued weakness in freestanding insert products. Turning to segment EBITDA. News and Information Services segment EBITDA was $73 million, down approximately 16%, due primarily to News America Marketing, mostly a function of the top line weakness. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues were $539 million versus $129 million a year ago. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $98 million versus $16 million in the prior year. These results reflect the consolidation of Foxtel. On a pro forma basis, reflecting the Foxtel transaction, segment revenues in the quarter decreased $84 million, or 13% compared with the prior year. $53 million of the decline, or 9% was due to the negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Broadcast revenue trends were relatively similar to the prior quarter, with the revenue decline driven by lower broadcast subscriber base and changes to the broadcast subscriber package mix. The revenue decline was partially offset by increased contributions from Foxtel Now and Kayo Sports. Broadcast ARPU was over A$79, or down 1% versus the prior year, as the impact of the price increase was more than offset by the impact from the new revenue recognition standards. Compared to the second quarter, broadcast ARPU rose nearly 2%, reflecting a price increase last quarter. We also saw a sequential and year-over-year improvement in Foxtel Now ARPU due to a price increase last quarter. Pro forma segment EBITDA in the quarter decreased $29 million, down 23% compared to the prior year and a moderation from last quarter. The year-over-year decline reflects highest sports programming and production costs, including approximately $25 million of costs related to Cricket Australia, lower revenues and $10 – $10 million for marketing related to Kayo Sports. These were partially offset by lower overhead and other corporate expenses, as well as lower entertainment programming costs. On key operating metrics, Foxtel’s total closing subscribers were approximately 2.9 million as of March 31, up over 5% against the prior year, driven by higher Kayo Sports and Foxtel Now subscriptions and the inclusion of commercial subscribers of FOX SPORTS Australia. Compared to the second quarter, we had a modest increase in sequential subscriber growth as higher Kayo subscriptions more than offset broadcast declines. We are making good progress in our OTT strategy, which is helping drive volume growth of Foxtel. As Robert mentioned, as of May 8, we had over 239,000 total Kayo Sports subscribers, of which 209,000 were paying, more than double our last update. We also had over 567,000 Foxtel Now subscribers as of May 8, of which more than 505,000 are paying, which is an increase of 45% in paying subscribers from quarter-end, driven by the demand for Game of Thrones. In the third quarter, broadcast churn was 17.7% versus 15.3% in the prior year, higher than we had anticipated. Although the majority of churn is coming from lower-value, shorter tenured customers, many without contract. Importantly, sports customer churn on broadcast has been relatively stable at only 6%. As we mentioned last quarter, Foxtel has launched proactive churn management initiatives focused on customized solutions for retention and win back and we are seeing real progress in recent weeks. March churn was down to 16.2% and to around 15.1% in April. Moreover, unlike in recent periods, promotions and new broadcast sales are predominantly with 12-month contracts, which would also help with churn reduction moving forward. Capital expenditures related to the new Foxtel was $223 million in the first nine months. We now expect full-year CapEx to be higher than the prior year’s level by $25 million or less, which is lower than our previous expectations. Stepping back, as we have previously indicated, this year was always going to be a big transition year for the new Foxtel, and segment EBITDA performance has been impacted by reinvestments, which have a longer payback period. On this, there are a few points I’d like to make. We see OTT as a big revenue driver that will have higher contribution margins, given we are leveraging mostly fixed costs for previously acquired rights and we are encouraged by the recent performance of Kayo and Foxtel Now. We believe we can stabilize broadcast churn via proactive churn management and a higher penetration of next-generation boxes, which materially reduce churn. Approximately 43% of households now have either the iQ3 or iQ4 box, up 400 basis points from last quarter. As mentioned, we are seeing good progress on that front. As we lap the cricket investment, we would expect programming cost to grow at a much more modest rate after this year and we will continue to thoroughly review our content lineup for additional savings. We see an opportunity to reduce non-programming costs, including the ability to flex the variable components of the cost base, like marketing and broader overhead costs. Finally, on the Foxtel debt structure. We continue to evaluate numerous options to provide Foxtel with more financial flexibility and an optimal capital structure. So that end, we have contributed A$300 million via shareholder loans, which covered the repayment of April maturities. At Book Publishing, we posted another very solid quarter, driven by a strong release slate, which included in Christian Publishing; Girl, Stop Apologizing by Rachel Hollis; and We are the Gardeners by Joanna Gaines. UK revenues were also higher helped by Fing, a new release from David Walliams. Revenues for the quarter increased 6% to $421 million and would have been notably higher, excluding negative impacts from revenue recognition and currency. Segment EBITDA increased 29% to $53 million, despite a much more challenging prior year comparison than the second quarter. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues were down 3% to $272 million. This growth was more than offset by currency headwinds. Currency had a $16 million negative impact to revenues in the quarter. On an adjusted basis, revenues rose 3%. REA Group revenues were down 4%, but up 6% in local currency due to residential debt growth in Australia, driven by increased yield and higher penetration for Premiere All. This growth was partially offset by an overall 9% year-over-year decline in new listing volume during the quarter, which included pronounced declines in both Sydney and Melbourne down 18 and 12%, respectively. Please refer to REA’s earnings release and their conference call following this call for additional details and comments on their outlook. Move revenues rose 5% to $121 million versus the prior year, with real estate revenues growing 14%, resulting from higher yield and growth in buy-side lead volume, albeit at a slower rate due to a more challenging U.S. housing market place, as well as the transfer of leads to Opcity. It is worth noting that Opcity is performance-based. And as we migrate leads to that model, we monetize differently and this does delay revenue recognition with early data indicating an average delay of four months from an initial lead inquiry. As Robert alluded to earlier, we have been live testing in a handful of small markets converting to performance-only model and last week, we expanded to over dozen markets, big and small, as we test the scalability of the platform. These markets include, among others, Chicago, Minneapolis, Portland and Nashville. We expect to reallocate resources primarily within realtor.com teams in order to be more streamlined and much better positioned for financial year 2020. Revenue this quarter was also negatively impacted by the continued reduction of non-listed advertising inventory, similar to the first-half as part of an initiative to improve the consumer experience and engagement. Average monthly unique users at realtor.com were approximately $65 million for the quarter, rising 7% versus the prior year. Segment EBITDA fell 16% to $74 million. The quarter reflected additional costs related to the Opcity acquisition, including deferred compensation. On an adjusted basis, segment EBITDA grew 9%. I would now like to mention a few themes for the fiscal fourth quarter. At News and Information Services, we expect advertising performance to remain relatively similar to the third quarter rate and we expect to continue to expand our digital subscribers, while seeking further cost efficiencies. In Subscription Video Services, overall cost increases should be more modest in the fourth quarter and we expect to see increased contribution from OTT revenues. On a reported basis, we will be lapping the consolidation of Foxtel. In Book Publishing, we will face particularly tough comps as in the prior year we recognized $28 million in revenue and $21 million in EBITDA due to the sublicensing agreement for The Lord of the Rings trilogy with Amazon. At Digital Real Estate Services, listing volumes in Australia remain challenged, impacted by Easter and Anzac Day and in anticipation of the federal election in May. In the U.S., we expect continued reinvestment as we continue to test and monitor the scalability of Opcity. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. I was just going to ask you about your opportunity you see with Apple News. I know that that Journal has agreed to have a partnership with them, The Wall Street Journal. I’m curious about how you envision this relationship to go? And do you have maybe anymore plans to funnel more subscribers to The Wall Street Journal?
Robert Thomson: Well, the first two statistics to bear in mind is that, there are 189 million iPhones in – used in the U.S. and 1.4 billion iPhones active globally. So that’s quite a broad deep and interesting user base. The Apple deal is important. We are proud to work with companies that value journalism and are popularizing a subscription mechanic. There’s just no doubt that we are reaching a far larger audience with Apple, readers who may have had preconceptions about The Wall Street Journal, and imagine that it was just the world’s best business newspaper. Well, it’s much more than that. It is the most trusted masthead in America. Its coverage of politics is by far the best in the business and its lifestyle and sports coverage is peerless. There is no better wittiest sportswriter than Jason Gay, and I just hope my compliments don’t go to his [or she did] [ph]. We are attracting more younger readers and more women from our internal data, that’s very early obviously in the Apple relationship. But what we’re not doing is compromising the business subscribers for whom we will provide even more specialist information.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Alexia. Todd, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Entcho Raykovski of Credit Suisse.
Robert Thomson: Hi, Entcho.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Mike. Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. One question from me around the rate of digital revenue growth at News and Info Services. It appears to have slowed a little bit over the last couple of quarters. Susan, you mentioned that Dow Jones digital revenues hadn’t been that strong for the quarter. Can you explain the dynamics which are going on there? Is there – I suspect there’s no particular FX impact driving this, given it is within Dow Jones. And I guess what gives you confidence that this will improve into the last quarter and beyond?
Susan Panuccio: Hi, Entcho. Thanks for the question. I think – look at – you’re right, there’s no real FX impact coming through in those particular subscribers. I mean, what I would say is that the subscribers quarter-on-quarter do ebb and flow. We are happy actually with the growth that we’ve seen with Wall Street this quarter and we do expect it actually to pick up into the next quarter as well. But in addition to that, we have seen strong growth across our quality masthead around – within the UK and also within Australia. So I think overall, we are very comfortable with the level of growth that we’ve got and we do expect that to continue.
Robert Thomson: And just to complement Susan’s answer, Entcho, the decisive factor from a macro perspective, a strategic perspective is that more publishers are charging and more readers expect to be charged. That pattern has not been long and emerging. But as the sensibility is socialized, we should be able to charge higher prices for our great journalism. And are we at the end of that journey? Certainly not. But we have traveled further down the road that many people have imagined possible a couple of years ago.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Todd, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kane Hannan of Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Good morning, Robert and Susan. Just on that revenue slowdown at Move. Can you just comment on how much of that I suppose relates to the U.S. housing market and sort of macro weakness versus how much is coming from the four month delay in Opcity?
Robert Thomson: Well, the prevailing winds in the property market haven’t been particularly auspicious. And I would cite them at this stage as being the most significant influencing factor. And obviously, we acquired Opcity with the aim of providing quality leads to realtors, value-added leads that genuinely add value for our customers and are valuable for us. And we’re in the very early stage of its development. And clearly, there has been some investment to build up that platform, and that clearly has an impact on EBITDA. But I would still remind you that core real estate revenue at realtor rose 14% year-on-year in that sluggish property market and that the audience in April did indeed rise to a record 69 million uniques. And that momentum has certainly continued in May according to our Journal figures.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Kane. Todd, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Alan Gould of Loop Capital.
Alan Gould: Thank you. I’ve got a question for Robert and a question for Susan. Susan, first, the Foxtel debt, so you’ve financed with some parent company loan. Just wondering why that wasn’t just done as rolled over with some more non-recourse debt from Foxtel? And then Robert, a bigger picture question. I was at the Fox meeting earlier this morning, and they’ve really simplified that company. I mean, it took years in the making chase Carey Price talked about that five to 10 years ago. What is the process for News Corp to simplify itself?
Susan Panuccio: Alan, I’ll go first. I think it’s important to note that we actually do have a lot of flexibility internally and externally in relation to that financing. And what we do constantly balance is providing the right flexibility for that business at the appropriate cost. It’s also important to note that we’ve put it in as a shareholder loan, so we see that as optionality moving forward in relation to that.
Robert Thomson: Yes. Look, we’re very happy with our asset mix. But it’s fair to say that we’re constantly reviewing that. And one thing that’s not appreciated at times is the complementarity between those assets, for example, between realtor and our digital media properties which have played a crucial role in generating traffic for realtor. And you can see from the two most significant investments we’ve made, Move, realtor.com as it’s better known, and Harlequin now a crucial part of HarperCollins that they have been transformative for both digital real estate and Book Publishing and have made us much more a digital company and much more a global company to the benefit of all investors. But we’re constantly reviewing that portfolio to ensure that both in the medium and long-term that investor interest are taken care of.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Alan. Todd, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Craig Huber of Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. Susan, maybe I missed this, but I always find it helpful when you can give the breakdown for the circulation revenue growth year-over-year with and without currency in your three main areas. And I also have a follow-up question, please.
Susan Panuccio: Yes, just in relation to circulation, so in local currency, Dow Jones was up 7%. Australia was up 3%. News UK was up 2%. So overall circulation revenues were up 4% in local currency.
Craig Huber: And what were those numbers with currency as we have right now?
Susan Panuccio: In currency, they were in my recorded remarks, which I shall just find. I can – why don’t you ask your second question while the guys get that for me?
Craig Huber: Yes. Robert, on this Apple News, I’m just curious you obviously thought long and hard about this before you put your Wall Street Journal content on there in terms of cannibalization from your digital product. But what percentage of your articles that you have on your main Wall Street Journal website or your main section of the newspaper are available on Apple News?
Robert Thomson: Well, what you have is The Wall Street Journal is obviously through a different prism, different configuration and it’s designed for a general reader. And at the same time, we’ve clearly enhanced the business experience on professional app. So that if you look now, for example, at the financial sector or the tech sector, that there are many more articles than there were a month ago. So we’re very conscious that it’s a different audience and audience that may not have thought of itself as a Wall Street Journal audience. But we firmly believe that the number of people who will appreciate, benefit from and buy The Wall Street Journal will be enhanced by that partnership.
Craig Huber: Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig, just in relation to the reported numbers, so UK down 4% and Australia down 7%, obviously, Down Jones in line.
Craig Huber: Thank you.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig Todd, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Eric Pan of JPMorgan.
Eric Pan: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a strong quarter. Two if I can. As the Game of Thrones comes to an end, does it make sense for you to renew your partnership with HBO when it comes due in a couple of years? And with regards to Kayo, it seems that you’re adding subs at an annual pace of about 400,000. What percentage of households in Australia do you estimate are willing to pay for a sports-only OTT product? Is the ceiling the same as Foxtel or potentially lower?
Robert Thomson: Well, look, I wouldn’t comment on upcoming contract negotiations other than to say that the Game of Thrones has been a tremendous hit for Foxtel and Foxtel Now in Australia. And again, it would be invidious to give you a hard and fast number. But what is very, very clear is that the growth in Kayo is significant, it’s real. And we’ve made clear that we’re in a development phase and there will be investment, but we’re already seeing the results of that investment. Kayo has been in the market for barely six months and frankly, you’re not just building a brand, but you’re changing habits and meeting changing habits. And the key thing is that what is extremely clear from what we have seen in recent months is that Australians are prepared to pay for higher-quality content delivered when they want to watch, and it must be what they want to watch. And the great enduring myth was that Australians wouldn’t pay. Australians are paying.
Susan Panuccio: Eric, just to follow-up to that just in relation to the market size. We obviously are looking at the market, the 70% of subscribers that don’t take sports, and we know that our penetration has been for the 30% or just below that for quite sometime on the core broadcast product. We also know from our research that there are about 6 million to 8 million Australians who are very passionate about sports. 70% of that group do not subscribe to Foxtel. And our research also estimates that 4 million of that group are willing to pay for content in some way, shape or form. So that’s really the audience that we’re aiming at.
Eric Pan: Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much. Todd, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Brian Han of Morningstar.
Brian Han: Robert, you mentioned that you incorporate Netflix into your set-top box at Foxtel. Can you elaborate a little bit more on that, and what the commercial arrangement is?
Robert Thomson: Well, obviously, we can’t go into the details of the commercial arrangement. But conceptually, we want Foxtel to be a broad platform to provide the services that Australian consumers want to use. And this particular deal is even – is indicative of that strategy.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Han: [Multiple Speakers]
Michael Florin: I’m sorry.
Brian Han: [Multiple Speakers]
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] At this time, we have no further questions. I’ll turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, Todd, and thank you for all participating and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-02-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp Second Quarter Fiscal 2019 Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Media will be on a listen-only basis. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Aaron. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp’s fiscal second quarter 2019 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we’ll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp’s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I’ll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Mike. News Corp reported increased profitability and revenue growth during the first-half of fiscal 2019, highlighting the power of premium content and authenticated audiences in a fact-challenged world that craves credibility. For the second quarter, the company saw 21% revenue growth and a 13% rise in total segment EBITDA, reflecting the consolidation of Foxtel and a healthy expansion of revenues at HarperCollins, Dow Jones and REA Group. More generally, at News and Information Services, we saw a continuation of positive trends in paid digital subscriptions and digital advertising in Australia and the U.S., where growth mitigated declines in print revenue. Even though, our teams have been diligent in pursuing revenue opportunities, the digital world remains somewhat dysfunctional and subject to intensifying scrutiny. We are in a world of exponential evolution, in which dominant players have the potential to manipulate markets for data, products, advertising, news and ideas. There is no doubt that some of these companies are arbitraging algorithmic ambiguity and hoping that regulators do not fully appreciate or define their dominance in certain sectors. When one company controls much of the U.S. consumer audiobook market and has its own products in that market and can tweak its algorithm at will, the potential for abuse is almost limitless. It is clear that there has been a regulatory awakening and the time has come for a regulatory reckoning. Turning now to our own businesses, which are certainly conscious of their responsibilities as custodians of customer data. It is clear that the ongoing digital transformation of Dow Jones is efficacious. Many traditional media companies are ailing, but that is certainly not the case of The Wall Street Journal, where paid digital subscribers grew 23% to over $1.7 million. Dow Jones overall has approximately 3.2 million total subscribers, 13% higher year-over-year. Elsewhere in the Dow Jones family, MarketWatch saw strong gains this quarter, with visits up 45% year-over-year according to [indiscernible], while Barron’s grew its total subscribers 27% year-over-year. The Professional Information business at Dow Jones also continues to show progress, with risk and compliance reporting a 26% increase in revenues. There has now been in excess of 25% year-over-year revenue growth for seven consecutive quarters. At the times in the UK, print advertising revenues rose for the fifth consecutive quarter. The Times and Sunday Times saw solid growth in digital subscribers, while the Sun continues as the UK’s number one news brand across print and digital combined according to the latest PAMCO survey. Last month, we made an application to the UK government to allow sensible sharing resources and cost reduction across The Times and The Sunday Times. The editorial independence and uniqueness of these PLS publications will be protected, but there are clearly areas of cost duplication and we want to ensure the very best use of our financial and of our journalistic resources. Chris Evans, the gifted legendary radio broadcaster joined Wireless Group’s Virgin Radio last month and the audience growth has been remarkable. To put the impact and the potential in perspective, during the first day of Chris’ show, Virgin Radio saw more up downloads with digital listening than in all of 2018. The breakfast program also deployed unique sponsorship partnership with Sky, so that the flow was not disrupted by conventional ad breaks. That model has already proven its worth and is likely to be replicated elsewhere on the radio roster. At News Australia, profitability improved. Thanks to continued digital advertising growth and cost efficiencies. news.com.au. was again the number one news website, significantly ahead of its competitors, reaching almost 10 million unique users in the month of December according to Nielsen. Meanwhile, The Australian, where digital paid subscriptions account for more than half of the total subscriber base, we saw strong digital subscription growth this quarter, up 23% year-over-year. Since we brought together Foxtel and FOX SPORTS Australia, we have made extensive changes in management, enhanced the sports and entertainment portfolio and upgraded the technology. Average audiences across FOX SPORTS Australia channels are up over 70% year-over-year, with the addition of live cricket boosting viewership during the summer, traditionally a relatively quiet period for customer acquisition. Our new sports streaming product, Kayo, has certainly changed the traditional trend. As of February 5, Kayo had attracted over 115,000 users, of which approximately 100,000 were paid. And we expect that number to increase markedly as we head into the peak selling season for the more popular winter sports, Australian football and rugby league. It is clear in a competitive world of content that the passion for sport drives subscription growth and Foxtel has by far the best collection of that cherished content. In our Digital Real Estate Services segment, REA Group in Australia continues to outperform the competition, posting robust results, despite a challenging listings environment, driven by strong residential growth and the inclusion of the data services business, which was not in the prior comparative period. The continued success of REA would not have been possible without the leadership of Tracey Fellows. She will be driving global expansion and seeking new opportunities for our fastest revenue-growing segment in her new role as President of Global Digital Real Estate at News Corp. Since the creation of the new News Corp in 2013, Digital Real Estate Service revenues have more than tripled and segment EBITDA has more than doubled. The appointment of Tracey underscores our increasing commitment to the sector. We are particularly pleased that Owen Wilson has become the new Chief Executive of REA, where he is overseeing strategy, M&A and operations, all of which have thrived. Turning to U.S. real estate, our long-term optimism is undiminished, even as shorter-term trading in the property market has been somewhat sluggish. As evidence of the enduring strength of our business, real estate revenues at the operator realtor.com, Moving, we’re up 23% this quarter, with total revenues up 11%. This includes Opcity, the acquisition of which we successfully closed in October. Its strategic importance is evident in the higher-quality value-added leads it provides with brokers about potential clients. Unlike a certain other company in the sector, we are not in the business of flagrantly flipping houses or covertly competing with our clients. Our aim is to provide the best possible service to buyers, sellers and realtors. In Book Publishing, HarperCollins delivered another outstanding performance this quarter. Fostered by bestselling titles, such as Homebody by Joanna Gaines, and Girl Wash Your Face by Rachel Hollis, both of whom are set to publish new titles in the current quarter. And in the UK, also very successful with The Ice Monster by the irrepressible David Walliams. Digital sales also grew 12% in the prior year, driven by a 58% increase in the sales of audiobooks. Our results this quarter and for the first-half of the fiscal year demonstrate the power of our premium products and reflect our ongoing digital transformation, which is building a muscular platform for the future and for our investors. Now Susan will provide incisive insights into the finer details of our accounts.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Turning to the financials. Fiscal 2019 second quarter total revenues were over $2.6 billion, up 21% versus the prior year and total segment EBITDA was $370 million, up 13% versus the prior year. Results reflect the impact of the consolidation of Foxtel. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of the Foxtel consolidation, currency fluctuations and the other items disclosed in our release, revenues increased 3% and EBITDA increased 2%. For the quarter, earnings per share were $0.16, as compared to a loss of $0.14 in the prior year, which included a charge related to the U.S. tax reform. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.18 in the quarter versus $0.24 in the prior year. Turning now to the Individual Operating segment. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were $1.3 billion, down 3% versus the prior year. Currency had a $34 million negative impact accounting for more than half the decline. Within the segment, reported revenues at Dow Jones rose to 4%; News UK declined 10%; News Australia declined 5%, although it was relatively stable in local currency; and News America Marketing fell 7%. Approximately 32% of the segment’s revenues were digital, up from 29% in the prior year. Moving on to the segment highlights. Advertising revenues accounted for 50% of segment revenues and were down 5% versus the prior year, with approximately $18 million, or 2% being due to currency fluctuations. Second quarter advertising trends across our new businesses improved modestly from the prior quarter ratio. At Dow Jones, advertising revenues were flat with the prior year. Digital advertising revenues improved significantly, both year-over-year and sequentially, offsetting print declines. The improvement was driven by strong programmatic growth, resulting from audience going to MarketWatch. At News Australia, advertising declined 7%, but down just 1% in local currency, again, showing moderating declines versus the prior quarter, with improvements in the rate of print declines and strong year-over-year gains in digital. On the digital front, we saw further expansion of news.com.au, a national news portal and news extend a small to medium business offering. News UK advertising fell 8% versus the prior year, or down 4% in local currency, due mostly to soft print trends at the Sun, which had challenging prior year comparisons. We saw modestly higher print advertising revenues at the time. Finally, at News America Marketing, advertising revenues fell 7% due to weak home delivered revenues, which included FSI products and lower install advertising revenues, which were partly impacted by the timing of product campaigns. Turning now to circulation and subscription revenues, which accounted for 42% of segment revenues. We saw an increase of 1%, with foreign currency negatively impacting these revenues by $12 million, or 2%. We are continuing to see very healthy digital paid subscriber growth, which has been a core strategic focus and key to improved performance. At Dow Jones, circulation revenues grew 7%, benefiting from strong pay digital-only subscriber growth at The Wall Street Journal, which were up 23% year-over-year to over $1.7 million, and an increase of 125,000 subscribers from the first quarter. Digital paid subscribers accounted for 67% of total subscribers at The Wall Street Journal, up from 60% last year. In addition, we again saw healthy year-over-year digital subscriber growth at The Times and The Sunday Times, up 22% to 269,000 and at News Australia, up 18% to over 460,000. In Australia, cover price increases and rising digital sales offset print volume declines, while circulation revenues were down modestly in the UK. Turning to segment EBITDA. News and Information Services segment EBITDA was $120 million, down 15%, mainly driven by the clients in the UK from lower revenues, including the exit of Sun Bets and higher expenses related to newsprint prices. However, we again had increased contribution at both Dow Jones and News Australia. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment, revenues were $562 million versus $120 million a year ago. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $84 million versus $33 million in the prior year. On a pro forma basis, reflecting the Foxtel transaction, segment revenues in the quarter decreased $69 million, or 11% compared with the prior year, an improvement from the first quarter decrease of 17%. $39 million of the decline, or 6% was due to the negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Broadcast trends were relatively similar to the prior quarter, with the revenue decline driven by a lower broadcast subscriber base, higher ARPU costs and mix shift to lower. The subscription revenue decline was partially offset by an increase in Foxtel Now revenues. Broadcast ARPU was A$78, down about 3% versus the prior year, reflecting a 2% negative impact from the new revenue standard. Compared to the first quarter, broadcast ARPU was up over 2%, reflecting a price increase implemented on October 1. Pro forma segment EBITDA in the quarter decreased $71 million, or 46% compared to the prior year. The year-over-year decline reflects the lower revenues, higher sports programming and production costs, including approximately $26 million of costs related to Cricket Australia and about $9 million for marketing related to the commercial launch of Kayo Sports. This level of reinvestment was consistent with our expectations, as we focus on better positioning Foxtel for future growth. On operating metrics, Foxtel’s total closing subscribers were approximately 2.9 million as of December 31, up 4% against the prior year, driven by higher Foxtel Now and Kayo Sports subscriptions and the inclusion of commercial subscribers of Fox Sports Australia. In terms of the subscriber mix, about 2.5 million subscribers were broadcast and commercial, the remainder were Foxtel Now and Kayo Sports subscribers. We launched Kayo Sports in late November and are very pleased with the early adoption. As Robert mentioned, we had 115,000 subscribers as of February 5, of which approximately 100,000 were paid subscribers and expect to see it scale into the important winter sports selling season. Pleasingly, the Kayo Sports user base is engaged with average viewing time per active user currently at 69 minutes per day, with over 70% watching live video and smartphone being the primary device. In the second quarter, broadcast churn was 15.6% versus 14.5% in the prior year, which was mainly impacted by the October price rise. Churn management is a major focus for the team in Australia, and we’re investing to better utilize data and advanced analytics to predict churn going forward in order for the business to be much more proactive with customized solution through attention and win back. Capital expenditures related to new Foxtel was $139 million in the first-half, which would have been down modestly had we consolidated Foxtel in the prior year. At Book Publishing, we posted another very solid quarter, driven by strong sales in general books with the release of Joanna Gaines Homebody and The Next Person You Meet in Heaven by Mitch Albom; as well as Rachel Hollis, Girl, Wash Your Face in Christian publishing. Revenues for the quarter increased 6% to $496 million and segment EBITDA increased 13% to $88 million, and both achieved record levels for HarperCollins. This growth came despite recent tighter supply conditions of both paper and bookbinding across the industry. Total digital revenues for the quarter grew 12%, consistent with the previous quarter, and represented 17% of consumer revenues, up from 16% last year. Downloadable audio again grew over 50%. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues increased 7% to $311 million, which was driven by strong organic growth and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by currency headwinds. Acquisitions contributed $7 million to revenues, while currency had $13 million offset. On an adjusted basis, revenues grew 10%. REA Group revenues grew 6%, or 13% in local currency, due to residential debt revenue growth in Australia, reflecting higher penetration for premium all and increased yield and modest contribution from the Hometrack acquisition. We also saw an improvement in developer revenues. Revenue growth was partially offset by an overall 2% decline in new listing volume, which included a more pronounced decline in Sydney and lower media revenues. Please refer to REA’s earnings release and their conference call, following this call for additional details and comments on their outlook. Move revenues rose 11% to $122 million versus the prior year, helped by growth of its connection plus product and the inclusion of the Opcity acquisition. Real estate revenues increased 23%, including Opcity. Revenue growth was partially offset by reduced display advertising to drive user experience and engagements, similar to last quarter. We also saw moderating growth in connection plus lead volume, partly impacted by the transferring of leads to Opcity, as well as a more challenging U.S. housing market, including declines in existing home sales in the second quarter. Average monthly unique users at realtor.com were approximately 53 million for the quarter, rising 6% versus the prior year. On Opcity, we are very pleased with how the integration is going. The team at realtor is focused on leveraging their extensive industry relationships to expand adoption of the new platform. We are using advanced AI machine learning and algorithms to better match consumers with agents. We are taking advantage of the Opcity platform to monetize consumer leads that in the past have gone unsold or underutilized. Segment EBITDA rose 2% to $121 million. The quarter reflected additional cost move related to the Opcity acquisition, including deferred compensation combined with continued reinvestment in product development. And on an adjusted basis, segment EBITDA grew 12%. I would now like to mention a few things for the fiscal third quarter. At News and Information Services, we expect higher cost at Dow Jones in the third quarter to drive execution growth initiatives, including expansion into live events. In addition, we expect continued challenges at News America Marketing, mostly related to the FSI advertising. We will continue to seek cost efficiency to streamline the business. In Subscription Video Services, similar to the second quarter, when comparing with the prior year, we will have additional costs related to cricket of US$25 million to US$30 million, an incremental marketing for Kayo Sports of US$10 million to US$15 million. In Book Publishing, overall trends remain favorable and we are encouraged by our upcoming releases together with the ongoing strong performance of our backlist. Some key titles this quarter includes Girl, Stop Apologizing by Rachel Hollis, On the Come Up by Angie Thomas and We Are the Gardeners by Joanna Gaines. At Digital Real Estate Services, similar to Q2, we expect continued reinvestment to drive revenue growth at realtor.com and Opcity, including high marketing and product development. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] for Alexia. Thank you for taking our question. And just New York Times reported another strong quarter of digital subscriber growth yesterday. And from your numbers, The Wall Street Journal is also growing really nicely. Do you believe that longer-term, both The Wall Street Journal and New York Times can grow at this pace? And that – is there room for two meaningful paid digital properties longer-term?
Robert Thomson: Well, listen, I can’t speak for the New York Times. In fact, I can speak for the prime meaningful newspaper, which is, of course, The Wall Street Journal. At Dow Jones, the subscription business is performing well and obviously, has much potential for growth. And if you look closely, you’ll see the wsj.com, circulation revenues were up 15%. That’s not crosswords or couscous recipes, not – low rent up is we’re seeing elsewhere in the sector. As for professional content in a clustered world, companies want to incorporate Dow Jones content network and that is happening at pace. To be honest, advertising needed work. We have a new ad team at Dow Jones and that team is certainly making a positive difference. Digital ads at Dow Jones were up 15%. And as for risk and compliance, the fastest growing business at Dow Jones, if any of you out there want to minimize risk and maximize compliance, then you simply must have a Dow Jones contract. If not, feel free when the regulator comes out knocking.
Michael Florin: Aaron, we’ll…
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you very much.
Michael Florin: Thanks. Aaron, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. And the next question comes from Entcho Raykovski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Susan. My question is around Subscription Video Services and particularly Kayo Sports given you’ve launched over the quarter, very useful that you provided us some stats around the subscribers. Just interesting whether you expect the sort of right of net adds to continue over the next couple of quarters? And where do you view the addressable market to be suffering, just interestingly high-level thoughts there? And then more broadly, if we’re looking at the churn rate we just stepped up and I pointed to the higher pricing, but do you think there’s a level of cannibalization taking place as well, given you’ve watched Kayo? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, Kayo was in the early innings. In cricket, I would say, it was in the first of four innings or in baseball the second of nine innings. One can definitively say is that, we have 115,000 customers, around 100,000 paying and that number has indeed been rising week after week in two months since we launched. And indeed, we are on the cusp of the peak sports selling season, which is Aussie Rules and Rugby League, as you know. It is beyond clear that sports events are crucially important in an age of confected, concocted content. And we have the events that matter in Australia for the next four or so years. That’s an incontrovertible fact and an extraordinary asset. So you can be in platform agnostic, but you can’t be content ideastick [ph]. Of course, there is more churn when you increase prices, as we did late last year. But what we’re absolutely not seeing is massive spin down to Kayo from premium subscribers. The fact is that the earlier versions of the IQ Box were inadequate, and the current version is much more sophisticated and satisfying. The iQ4 really does go to show that the higher the iQ, the better.
Susan Panuccio: I think, Entcho, I’d also add. Just in relation to your question on the addressable market, obviously, our penetration has been sort of sub-30% for some years and there’s old past audience out there within Australia, the other 70% that we haven’t managed to reach that our research has been very clear are open to paying for proposition if it’s at the right price point. So that would be the addressable market that we’re having a look at. And just in relation to churn, I did mention it in the release. But the team in Australia are very focused on churn management and they are – and we are investing a lot of money in data capabilities in order to effectively manage that churn going forward. And as Robert said, we really have seen very little spin down as a consequence of Kayo, but it is early days and we will continue to focus on that metric as we move forward.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Aaron, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Kane Hannan: Good morning, Robert and Susan. Just be [indiscernible] that comment made around Tracey and taking new opportunities following that appointment. Could you just elaborate on what you meant by that comment? And then just a couple of brief comments around the only traction of the opportunity model and what you’re seeing on the ground following that completion?
Robert Thomson: Well, Tracey has just settled into the job and it’s a task obviously to increase the corporation among our various properties around the world, and that will be the first priority. Beyond that one, of course, can’t speculate. It’s interesting, the U.S. real estate market is a tad sluggish. And obviously, listings are down in Australia and yet digital property revenue growth remains real. You could indeed say that these are testing times and model and investment is definitely passing that test. And it shows the value of the Opcity purchase, because we’re providing a higher level of market intelligence and analysis and value-added services, in the case of Opcity. And that is appreciated by our clients who know that there are both quantity leads and quality leads and quality leads mean revenue for our customers.
Susan Panuccio: And I think, Kane, just to add on the Opcity, sort of the way that we look at this is the conversion of the leads into revenue will continually evolve as we move forward and we reported best-in-class [indiscernible] company, which will enable realtor to better monetize their leads by offering higher quality leads that will enable a better closed rate for the agents, which will provide higher revenue. It also gives us access to high-quality data as a consequence of bedding the leads, which we can use to branch out into other adjacencies be it mortgage type of insurance, moving, et cetera, which is what we’re currently looking at building out now. So I think the combination of those comments is what we think will drive the results with the Opcity and realtor.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Kane. Aaron, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research. Your line is now open.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. I have some quick housekeeping questions. What should we expect for CapEx for Foxtel for the full fiscal year and also for the entire company? And also curious if you could just tell us how the circulation of revenues did with or without currency in the UK and Australia in the quarter? And my last one, if I could, give a comment on how you think the Australian economy is doing, given all your media assets down there? Do you think it’s about stable, or you think it’s getting worse, [indiscernible] I’m asking? Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to your first question on CapEx, I think, we’ve given guidance on this before. So $285 million was the number for last year, U.S. dollars that we quoted for Foxtel and we’re expecting it to be $15 million higher. We haven’t changed our expectations in relation to that, but obviously we continue to monitor that CapEx as we progress through the year. I think, your next question was in relation to circulation in local currency. So I think, from a Dow Jones perspective, circulation revenues were up 7%; from News UK, circulation revenues were down 1%; and News Australia, circulation revenues were up 3%. [What was the third part in your question?] [ph]
Craig Huber: Yes, CapEx for the whole company, please, and also Australian economy comment?
Susan Panuccio: We haven’t given that out before, Craig. But what I can say is, we’re broadly expecting it, excluding Subscription Video Services to be roughly in line with last year.
Robert Thomson: Craig, for the macro economics, it’s obviously a little difficult to tell, there are two events upcoming as state election in New South Wales and federal election locked [ph] to be held in May in Australia. Both of those events could have some impact on business activity. But the underlying macro trends in Australia are positive. There has been something of the decline in the housing market. But that – in some respects, welcome, because it means that the rapid increases in property prices, which many analysts were unsustainable have indeed come to an end. And as in many countries, ensuring that there is enough excessively priced property is not just an economic issue, but a political issue, and one which is generating a lot of debate. So that trend of itself is efficacious. And News Australia and the team, led by Mike Miller, is performing very well. EBITDA is growing, the digital transformation of the company is continuing at pace and we’re particularly optimistic about the potential for the business.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Aaron, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Brian Han: Hypothetically, if you had strong buyer interest for Wall Street Journal, is that a master that you and the Board would consider selling or is the journal an absolutely integral part of your digitization strategy across the Board?
Robert Thomson: Hypothetically, you shouldn’t answer hypothetical questions. But The Wall Street Journal not only is a powerful platform for us. That the network effect that you have, for example, and the relationship between realtor and The Wall Street Journal, the ability to cross promote for us increasingly to get sophisticated permission data on those platforms and right around to HarperCollins and the New York Post Digital Network. It is truly more than some of the pause at the very center, but is The Wall Street Journal.
Brian Han: Okay.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Aaron, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: At this time, there are no additional questions. I’d like to turn the program back over to the presenters for any additional comments.
Michael Florin: Great. Aaron, thank you very much. Thank you all for participating. And have a great day, and we’ll talk to you soon. Take care.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today’s program. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-11-07 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - SVP & Head, IR Robert Thomson - CEO & Director Susan Panuccio - CFO
Analysts: Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Kane Hannan - Goldman Sachs Group  Timothy Nollen - Macquarie Research Alan Gould - Loop Capital Markets Eric Pan - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Brian Han - Morningstar Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Conference Call. The conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I'd now like to turn today's call over to Mike Florin, Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Carrie. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release.  With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Mike. Fiscal year 2019 is off to an impressive start with growth in revenue and earnings reaffirming our strategy to become increasingly digital and global and to put renewed emphasis on subscriptions in a choppy advertising market.  We are committed to extracting a premium for our premium content regardless of the platform on which it is published. In the first quarter, News Corp saw growth in revenues and total segment EBITDA, with Digital Real Estate and Book Publishing continuing to thrive and with the strong expansion in digital subscribers across our news businesses.  Meanwhile, at Foxtel, which has added significantly to our consolidated revenue and EBITDA, the transformation of the company continue to pace. In summary, reported revenues grew 23% to $2.5 billion for the quarter while reported total segment EBITDA expanded 44% to $358 million. These numbers are noteworthy as, even excluding the Foxtel consolidation, we achieved tangible increases over the same period last year.  In this era of big digital, with its blandishments and banishments, our editors and journalists have consistently reminded readers of their value as trusted sources of real news delivered in real time and with real context. The transition to digital continues, and we will strive as a company to change the contours of the content landscape for the sake of our businesses and our societies. We are in active negotiations with Google, Facebook and Amazon, and we are in discussions with lawmakers and regulators in Europe, U.K., Australia and the U.S. There is finally a more sophisticated debate about prominence and propriety in these countries, after more than a decade of effort from Rupert Murdoch and the News Corp team. Our victory over the punitive First Click Free was just a start, and it certainly assisted quality publishers around the world. And Rupert's proposal for a content carriage fee is rightly gathering momentum. Turning to our business performance. I want to start with the News and Information Services segment, which has shown progress during challenging times for media companies generally. At Dow Jones, print advertising revenues showed significant improvement and had their best performance in the last three years. Total circulation revenue continued to grow, led by a 9% expansion at The Wall Street Journal. Creativity and quality still resonate with readers and advertisers, which is also why subscriptions are growing at Dow Jones.  The Professional Information Business continues to expand, with Risk and Compliance growing this past quarter recording a 27% increase in revenues. A few weeks ago, I visited the Risk and Compliance Asia hub in Shanghai where the region is experiencing particularly strong growth. Chinese companies are increasingly conscious of risk in international markets. And international companies must ensure that they are compliant across jurisdictions when they do business in China. Meanwhile, WSJ Magazine celebrated its 10th anniversary with the biggest issue ever, driving record advertising revenue.  At News UK, we again increased our print market share for both The Times and The Sun, and each remains the clear category leader. The Times reported growth in print advertising revenue for the fourth consecutive quarter. And we continue to see the evolution of the digital product with subscriptions at The Times and Sunday Times up 24% year-over-year, while The Sun was confirmed as the number one news brand across both print and digital combined according to the latest PAMCO survey. In August, we ended our Sun Bets joint venture with Tabcorp, with whom we are proud to have partnered. Both companies learned much from the venture. And we, in particular, saw the power of our mastheads in driving digital audiences to complementary commercial offerings.  We see that complementarity at Wireless Group with talkSPORT assisting in the development of the Sun brand and vice versa. We believe our ability to maximize the value of content and talent and to drive audiences from brand-to-brand is a clear comparative advantage. Wireless also showed its intent and ambition by hiring the uniquely talented Chris Evans, who will undoubtedly lead a renaissance at Virgin Radio. Meanwhile, in Australia, digital subscriptions rose 18% this quarter and digital advertising grew strongly, thanks in part to the strength of news.com.au, Australia's leading digital news brand. And at The Australian, digital subscriptions continue to account for more than half of the total subscriber list.  News Corp Australia has also seen benefits from its joint print and distribution agreement with Fairfax. We are talking with publishers around the world about common sense cost sharing while enhancing our unique attributes, and we believe there is more room for further savings of this collective kind in the U.K. and the U.S. Our team in Australia has been decidedly diligent since we brought together Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia. We have made extensive changes in management, enhanced the sports and entertainment portfolio and upgraded the technology, including a more sophisticated set-top box, the iQ4. This is patently a period of transition, but News Corp has successfully overseen the transformation of realtor.com, the digitalization of our newspapers and the digital journey of HarperCollins.  It is clear that many more Australians than previously presumed are prepared to pay for OTT services, and we believe that we have, by far, the best content offering with the latest technology and not incidentally a new marketing turn. Our soon-to-be-launched AT&T Sport offering will have 30,000 live hours of aggregated sports content, including rights for all major local sports and the most compelling overseas offerings. As for our fastest revenue growth segment, Digital Real Estate, at Move, the home of realtor.com, real estate revenues rose 19% year-on-year, while overall revenues including B2P software and advertising expanded 10%. It's worth noting that we have nearly doubled revenues at Move since we acquired the company four years ago.  We made another important acquisition in recent months, Opcity, a market leader in providing professionals with the highest quality leads, matching qualified buyers with realtors in real time. REA group posted another robust quarter, clearly standing apart from the domestic competition. We remain excited about REA's expansion with Smartline and Hometrack Australia and new products that strengthen the company's lead. In Book Publishing, HarperCollins once again delivered a strong performance this quarter, driven by previously released bestsellers and the excitement over new frontlist titles like Daniel Silva's The Other Woman; Greg Jarrett's The Russia Hoax; and Heather Morris' The Tattooist of Auschwitz. Yesterday, we celebrated the release of Homebody from Joanna Gaines, half of The Magnolia Story duo. Unsurprisingly, it went straight to the top of U.S. bestseller list and is replete with warmth, wit and wisdom. Meanwhile, in children's books, The Hate U Give by Angie Thomas remains as the best-selling young adult hardcover, benefiting from the synergistic movie release in October. One particularly significant trend continues to be the rapid growth of digital audio, which expanded 55% this quarter over the prior year. We are in discussions with several Chinese audio publishers, who are also experiencing express growth in their market, which has been complicated in the past by a lack of IP protection and the proliferation of piracy. There has obviously been a fundamental shift in listening habits not just in the U.S. but globally. Just over five years since our rebirth, News Corp is leading the evolution of news and media internationally and will continue to quest for provenance and for profits. Clearly, we believe many of our companies are in the midst of a successful journey to a more lucrative future. At a time of such profound change in these sectors, it behooves us to hold our nerve and to navigate with conviction and with concern for all our shareholders. These are certainly times of great challenge but of even greater opportunity for News Corp, for our audiences and advertisers and for our investors. And now Susan will give a more granular look at a strong set of numbers.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Before I review the results, I wanted to highlight a few things from this quarter. We continue to take steps to stabilize News and Information Services. We are seeing strong growth in digital paid sales while balancing that with ongoing cost efficiencies, including industry solutions. There's still plenty of work to do, but I'm pleased with our progress in the start to the fiscal year. Our revenue mix within the segment is also improving with advertising now making up less than 50% of revenue. In Digital Real Estate Services, we completed the acquisition of Opcity to Move last month for approximately $210 million, including certain deferred payments and stock bonds. As Robert mentioned, this is a leading best-in-breed real estate tech platform that expands realtor.com's offerings to include a success-based concierge model for prequalified transaction-ready leads. Realtor has made significant progress and remains an area we continue to believe is important to both capital reinvestment and to value creation. We are making progress at Foxtel. The team is working hard on the launch of its sports-only OTT product while making significant improvements to our core broadcast offerings. We have restructured the management team, adding key expertise and that team is now heavily focused on further improvements to reinvigorate the new Foxtel. The performance of HarperCollins this quarter again underscores the value of premium content and global scale, posting another quarter of robust EBITDA growth despite more challenging prior year comparables. With that, I would now like to discuss our financial results in more detail. We reported fiscal 2019 first quarter total revenues of over $2.5 billion, up 23% versus the prior year, which reflects the impact of the consolidation of Foxtel. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of the Foxtel consolidation, unfavorable currency impact and the other items disclosed in our release, revenues grew 4%. Reported total segment EBITDA was $358 million, up 44% versus the prior year. As a reminder, last year included a benefit of $46 million from the reversal of accrued net liabilities relating to certain employment taxes in the U.K. Whilst this year, our results include the consolidation of Foxtel and a $48 million benefit from Tabcorp related to the exit of the partnership for Sun Bets in the U.K. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, which excludes the Foxtel impact and other items as disclosed in the press release, rose 37%. For the quarter, earnings per share were $0.17 as compared to $0.12 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were also $0.17 in the quarter versus $0.07 in the prior year. Turning now to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were $1.2 billion, up 1% versus the prior year. The quarter included the settlement payment to Sun Bets but also a $28 million negative impact related to currency. Within the segment, reported revenues at Dow Jones rose 3%; News UK rose 12%; News Australia declined 7%; and News America Marketing fell 6%. More details will be disclosed in the 10-Q tomorrow. Moving on to the segment highlights. Advertising revenues accounted for 46% of segment revenues and were down 7% versus the prior year with approximately $15 million or 1/3 of the decline due to currency fluctuations. Across our portfolio, advertising trends were mixed. While print advertising trends remain under pressure, we saw improvements at Dow Jones combined with continued healthy digital advertising growth in Australia and the U.K. At Dow Jones, advertising revenues were relatively flat with the prior year, excluding the impact of the closure of the Wall Street International print editions in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. It is worth highlighting that this was the best advertising performance by Dow Jones in recent quarters.  At News Australia, advertising declined 11% or down just 4% in local currency, a slight improvement versus the fourth quarter rate. The decrease was due to ongoing weakness in the print advertising market, which was partially offset by digital advertising growth notably at news.com.au. News UK was weaker this quarter with advertising down 10% versus the prior year in both reported and local currency due mostly to softer print trends at The Sun.  News America Marketing fell 6% due to weak home-delivered revenues, which include free-standing inserts, partially offset by modest domestic in-store revenue growth and improving digital revenues. This quarter, domestic in-store was the biggest contributor to revenues within News America Marketing. Turning now to circulation and subscription revenues, which accounted for 42% of segment revenues. We saw an increase of 2%, with foreign currency negatively impacting these revenues by $10 million or 1%. We are continuing to see healthy digital subscriber growth, which is helping to underpin our improved performance.  At Dow Jones, circulation revenues grew 7%. And at The Wall Street Journal they grew 9%, benefiting from strong growth in its digital-only subscribers, which were up 20% year-over-year. We raised subscription prices this quarter ranging from $2 to $6 per month, which will be phased in to existing members throughout the year.  In addition, we again saw healthy year-over-year digital subscription growth at The Times and The Sunday Times, up 24% to 263,000 and also at News Australia up 18% to over 442,000. In the U.K. and Australia, cover price increases and rising digital sales mostly offset print volume decline. The segment is continuing to transition to digital with total digital revenues up to 33% of revenues from 27% in the prior year, partially due to the payment related to Sun Bets in the U.K. For Dow Jones and our mastheads, digital revenues were 37%. Turning to segment EBITDA. News and Information Services segment EBITDA was $116 million, up 57%, which included higher contributions from Dow Jones and News Australia, along with the onetime impact at News UK.  At Book Publishing, we posted another very solid quarter, driven by strong frontlist and backlist performances, as Robert mentioned, notably in the U.S., which exceeded our expectations. Revenues for the quarter increased approximately 4% to $418 million and segment EBITDA increased 42% to $68 million. Overall, the backlist contributed approximately 55% of consumer revenues in the quarter.  Total digital revenues for the quarter grew 12%, consistent with the previous quarter and represented 22% of consumer revenues, up from 21% last year. Digital audio continues to drive robust results, up over 50% and accounting for over 30% of digital revenues. At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues increased 8% to $293 million, partially impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange. REA Group revenues grew 9% or 18% in local currency due to strong residential debt revenue growth in Australia, including high penetration for premier or an increased yield, the expansion of financial services and modest contribution from the Home Track acquisition. Revenue growth was partially impacted by a 3% decline in listing volume. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call, which just concluded, for additional detail. Move revenues rose 10% to $118 million versus the prior year, driven by the continued growth of its Connections for Buyers product. As Robert noted, real estate revenues, which include listing and lead-based product and accounts for approximately 75% of revenues, grew 19% this quarter. This was partially offset by reduced display advertising as part of a broader initiative to enhance the user experience and drive engagement and listing. Early results have been promising with Connections for Buyers' lead volume growth rates improving versus the fourth quarter while continuing to maintain higher yield per customer. Average monthly unique users at realtor.com were approximately 60 million for the quarter, rising 9% versus the prior year. Reported segment EBITDA was up 11% to $105 million. And on an adjusted basis, EBITDA grew 16%. The team at realtor are focused on the integration and operation of Opcity, which closed on the 11th of October. Expanding broker and agent adoption, improving lead volume and using data machine learning to improve conversion rates will be a key focus. We will be managing the transition of leads from Connections for Buyers to Opcity, pending customer demand. Finally, it is important to note that Opcity is a referral model and we recognize revenues on transaction closing. Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment, which as you may recall, includes new Foxtel and Sky News. Revenues were $565 million versus the reported $145 million a year ago. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $113 million versus $27 million in the prior year. On a pro forma basis, reflecting the Foxtel transaction, revenues in the quarter declined 17% compared to revenues of $680 million in the prior year, with foreign currency impacting revenues by $45 million or 7% of the decline. Operationally, the revenue decline was driven by lower subscription revenues; including a mix shift to lower-priced packages; lower advertising revenue; and a difficult year-on-year comparison in pay-per-view, which last year included the Macgregor-Mayweather fight. In addition, the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard reduced revenues by $4 million. It is also worth noting that the revenue trends for TV subscriptions, which make up the bulk of the revenues, were relatively stable with the fourth quarter. On a pro forma basis, segment EBITDA declined 27% compared to the $154 million in the prior year. The year-over-year decline reflects the lower revenues, partially offset by a 19% decrease in operating expenses, which includes lower nonsports programming costs and a $6 million benefit related to the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. On operating metrics, Foxtel's total closing subscribers were over 2.9 million as of September 30, which is up versus the prior year, driven by Foxtel Now subscriptions and the inclusion of commercial subscribers from Fox Sports Australia, offset by lower broadcast subscribers and the closure and wind-down of T-Box and Optus subscription. In the first quarter, broadcast churn was 12.9% versus 12.7% in the prior year. ARPU was AUD 76, down about 6%. However, excluding the new revenue standard, ARPU would have been about AUD 2 higher per month and down about 4% versus the prior year, similar to recent trends. The next 12 months will see the new Foxtel business focusing on three key priorities: firstly to stabilize and revitalize the poor broadcast business, which today accounts for the majority of the revenues and EBITDA. This will be done by improving the content offering and the great marketing presence. Product improvements introduced include the new iQ4 set-top box, Foxtel 4K, Fox Cricket, Foxtel Go, Fox Flicks and Fox Showcase. We believe premium sports is a large competitive advantage and having the recently acquired domestic cricket rights and a dedicated network should help improve churn, significantly enhance our spring and summer schedule and drive subscription growth. The team will also focus on: expanding our penetration of next-generation boxes, which is a much better user experience and accounted over 10% increase in build ARPU per month; double the pay-per-view buy rates; and higher retention. Currently about 35% of customers have either the iQ3 or iQ4. So far, the reaction in the market to the iQ4 has been very positive, and upgrades are trending above initial expectations, delivering over 47,000 upgrades in the first quarter. Finally, the Foxtel team has been upgrading the customer service function, and this team will be focused on improving save rates and better optimizing offers.  The second key priority within the segment is to launch multiple OTT offerings in order to provide new revenue streams for the company aimed at maximizing reach and leveraging our rights over a large base. We are building state-of-the-art customer-centric platforms with selling, streaming and billing to provide a seamless customer experience.  The first product launch on the new platform will be the sports-only product. We expect, as Robert mentioned, a soft beta launch for web-only access imminently and plan to expand to iOS and Android and other connected devices soon thereafter. The third key priority will be focused on cost initiative to create room for growth, which include the migration of cable onto a pure satellite IP network and a wider focus on overhead costs.  I would now like to mention a few things for the fiscal second quarter. At News and Information Services, we remain focused on digital subscriber growth and seeking cost efficiencies as the advertising market remains challenged. I'll also remind you that News UK received a onetime benefit relating to Sun Bets in the first quarter. In Subscription Video services, we will launch our sports OTT product and begin to amortize the Cricket Australia rights. Rights and production costs related to Cricket should be around $25 million to $30 million for the second quarter.  In Book Publishing, overall trends remain favorable with digital contribution rising modestly. As Robert mentioned, we're very excited by the upcoming release of Joanna Gaines' Homebody in November. We also have Mitch Albom's The Next Person You Meet in Heaven; and Justin Timberlake's Hindsight & All The Things I Can't See in Front of Me, in addition to strong backlist sales.  At Digital Real Estate Services, we will begin reporting the Opcity acquisition, which should drive higher revenue growth, although we will have about $3 million per quarter in costs relating to the deferred payments and equity grant.  With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will be from Entcho Raykovski with Crédit Suisse.
Entcho Raykovski: My question is around Subscription Video Services. Firstly, could you let us know how much was spent in Q1 on investment into the OTT products? Obviously, that's a focus that you've mentioned. So just interested in how much was spent and how that investment is then expected to be phased over the remainder of the year. And as a follow-on to that question, following the launch of the packages, how do you think about the addressable market? Where do you think penetration can get to? Obviously, you've been sitting around that 2.8 million, 2.9 million mark so just interested about how you're thinking about additional subs.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, I think it's fair to say that what we see in the Australian market in recent years that the presumption of a ceiling on the number of Australians willing to pay for television services and services delivered across other platforms, that, that ceiling no longer exists. And having broken through that ceiling, it creates extra opportunities for the highest quality provider. And we are certainly, in terms of programming, the highest quality provider, like in terms of sports, entertainment, documentaries, children's programming. But we haven't, in the past, delivered those services in the way that potential customers have necessarily wanted. So as you know, we have new leadership, we have new technology. We have a new marketing team. And we are genuinely confident that this confluence of an expanded market and an improved product will make a difference to our percentage share.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, just in relation to OTT, we haven't given out the investment numbers in relation to that. But what we have said, and we said this on the last call, we spent about $285 million in CapEx last financial year at Foxtel. And we expect the investment to be at least $50 million higher than that in the current year. And at this stage, we're currently expecting that, that will come in line. We, obviously, when we launched the product, we will have marketing costs that will be associated with the OTT program. So that will come in, in the first quarter -- or in the second quarter and obviously will continue somewhat through the balance of the year. And just as a note, we spent about $69 million of CapEx in relation to Q1, which is flat, relatively speaking, year-on-year.
Operator: Our next question will be from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: My question's on the News and Information Services segment and the strong growth you're seeing in digital subscribers. I guess, any color can you give us on the opportunity for further growth, really sort of how big is the potential opportunity in your opinion, how that may differ by market obviously? And then just my follow-up would be a quick question on HarperCollins. When you look at the pipeline of books out there going into the next calendar year and even the fourth quarter, any sense on how those skew physical versus digital?
Robert Thomson: Alexia, look, obviously, we're doing a lot to change the contents of the -- content marketplace. And the whole subscription scenario has fundamentally changed recently, and in large part, because of the work that News Corporation has done in convincing Google to get rid of First Click Free, which is really punishing premium content. So one thing I'd like to say, if any other publisher around the world, which is now profiting from our efforts would like to send us commission checks, we're welcome to that. The -- really varies paper-by-paper and country-by-country. I'll focus on Dow Jones because it's obviously the largest of our properties. But what we're seeing two phenomena, which are fruitful: one, continuing to use artificial intelligence to identify, through propensity modeling, new customers and using that modeling as well to provide them with a more satisfying experience; and two, from that, an ability to upsell those customers to higher value-added products from our Professional Information Services.
Susan Panuccio: And I think if we just focus on Dow Jones, obviously, the size of the market within the U.S. is very large as well as internationally. And just to give you sort of a sense, we had about 93 million nonsubscriber website visitors in Q1 made up of first-time repeats and even former subscription visitors. So there is a big opportunity, obviously, within that pool of people to drive conversions. And The Wall Street Journal customer base is only 11% made up of international subscription. And given the brand and the strength of that brand on a global scale, we do expect to see growth within international going forward.
Robert Thomson: And as for HarperCollins, Alexia, as you can see from the results quarter-after-quarter, the team has done a wonderful job in identifying talent and having natural empathy that you need not only to satisfy current demand but to anticipate future demand. And that's particularly so as I said with the release this very week of Homebody, which we have great expectations on and the other authors that I mentioned. But it's a tribute, one, to the ability of Brian Murray and his team and Charlie Redmayne in the U.K.; two, put together groups of editors, who can get the best out of authors and then to make the most of the product by marketing it in a clever way, and also being open to do opportunities, which is what you see with the exponential increase in digital audiobooks. And we're very optimistic, as I mentioned, not only about the opportunity in the U.S. but actually around the world, where the same trend is now preeminent. And in that sense, the team deserves particular praise because, at HarperCollins, we have been the author of our own success.
Operator: Our next question will be from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Can you just provide a little bit more color around the Opcity business, the strategy for integrating that into Move and how the economic program of Opcity lead is compared to a Connections for Buyer lead? And then just one quick one, just on the Sun Bets payment of $48 million, just confirming that's $48 million in EBITDA for the NIS in the quarter?
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to Sun Bets, yes, it is. We obviously got net offset for coming to that, but yes, the gross payment was $48 million and it dropped to EBITDA.
Robert Thomson: And with the Opcity integration, clearly, we're integrating Opcity not just into realtor but actually into the broader News Corp because it is the complementarity of our platform that has been behind the successful growth and turnaround story really that is realtor.com. Essentially, we believe that realtors should have a choice between quantity leads and quality leads and that they should be appropriately priced. And so we're very much focused on realtors and on buyers and sellers. We're not interested in house flipping, as I said, in other company. And so we do see a lot of loyalty. When you look at the other company's business and there's a fair amount of churn there among their clients, probably more churn than you find in the average butter factory, it is our intent with Opcity to be absolutely focused on realtor leads. And the product of that, we expect in the second half is a significantly higher rate of growth in overall revenue at realtor.com of the order of the mid- to high teens, which, compared to the 10-or-so percent in the quarter just completed, is obviously a tangible increase.
Susan Panuccio: And I think the other thing that's important to note in relation to that is that realtor will be managing the conversion from leads coming in into Opcity to make sure that the customer experience is optimal. And so that may fluctuate as we go throughout the year.
Operator: Next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Timothy Nollen: I have a question about costs, particularly in Australia. I may have missed the News [indiscernible] side how you manage to get some nice EBITDA expansion, I think you mentioned in Australia, despite some revenue declines there. I know you've been doing some cost-out efforts for a while there and maybe that's all that was, a better base. And then similarly on the Subscription Video Side, it looks like some good operating cost cuts. Despite the fact that a lot of those costs are sports-related, I wouldn't think you'd have to adjust to put cost out. Wondering if you could help us maybe quantify a bit more how much the pay-per-view fight contributed to the revenue and the cost differential or how else you managed to save costs in that business.
Susan Panuccio: So just taking News Australia first. I think the team has done a great job at looking at the overall cost bases in that business. And obviously, it's quite large from a geographical perspective. They have been working on industry solutions. They have been looking at editorial savings, production savings, back-office savings. They obviously get the benefit of lower newsprint coming through because of the volumes. And they've also been looking at distribution savings. So they've been going really hard on this with the organizational structure and design and taking cost out where they think it's not going to impact on the end product. So I think they have been very focused on that. They obviously have got the benefit of the cost-out in the previous year. From an annualized perspective it's going through into this year, but they also have to be looking at other cost opportunities in the current year. Just in relation to Subscription Video Services. So your question, can you maybe just repeat your question again in relation to that?
Timothy Nollen: Yes, it's kind of a two part thing. Just trying to understand with the fight and the revenue recognition, I think you gave some comments on that. I just wondered if possible to quantify what the revenue and cost differential was there on the fight and any other item. What I'm trying to understand is how you managed to save a fair amount of operating costs, given a lot of sports rights generally in the mix.
Susan Panuccio: So on pay-per-view, it's about $10 million to $12 million in Q1 so that gives you a quantification of that. And revenue recognition was about $4 million in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question will be from Alan Gould with Loop Capital.
Alan Gould: I know it's just the first quarter that you've consolidated Foxtel with the Australian sports. But I'm just wondering, what sort of time frame should we be looking for and what sort of metrics we'd be looking for to see the success of turning around Foxtel?
Robert Thomson: Well, clearly, we're at an early stage. We're early in the season, we're early in the cricket season in Australia. We're early in the season of renaissance at Foxtel. I would look, really, over the next 12 months, particularly the takeout of the OTT in coming months, then ahead of the next winter sports season in Australia, so the selling season there is sort of in the February, March, April peak selling season, and keep an eye both on the number of new customers and obviously the ARPU. But to be very clear, benchmarks over the coming year, it'll be obvious to you, and we're going to make it obvious to you how we're faring. But we have full confidence in Patrick Delany and the new team and it is an overhauled team. And the early indications are that they have both an understanding of the opportunity, empathy with potential customers and kind of real energy that has brought new life to Foxtel. And so one, it's a great opportunity for the company; and two, the metrics will be very clear.
Operator: Our next question will be from Eric Pan with JPMorgan.
Eric Pan: So just a little bit more on realtor.com, visitor growth there seems to be slowing. Can you talk a little bit about your strategy there to try to boost the visitorship, where you're focusing your energy? And then [indiscernible] you're saying you acquired a mortgage business. Do you foresee either Move or realtor going to the ancillary businesses as well?
Robert Thomson: Well, first of all, the audience growth was certainly greater than that of the competitor in the most recent quarter. And core real estate revenue growth was 19%. The overall was 10%, in part, because we consciously reduced the number of advertisements on the side. We're experimenting with user experience. And we can, frankly, turn that dial up and down as and when we choose. But we're obviously constantly trying to improve the experience, both for users on the site and obviously for our realtor clients. Our focus over the next year will be the integration of Opcity because we believe there really is an opportunity in providing quality leads to realtors and being able to price those leads in a way that reflects our contribution to their success.
Operator: Our next question will be from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: This $48 million revenue benefit from Sun Bets definitely sounds like it's onetime in nature. I guess, I'm just surprised it wasn't taken out of your adjusted EBITDA number. Is there a reason why? I'm just curious. And then secondly, I have a similar question to earlier, somebody else. In your Subscription Video Services, it looked like costs are down, based on Page 19, roughly about 14%, maybe down roughly 7% adjusting for currency. What drove the costs to be down that much, given with the programming costs, were up pretty nicely, right, probably at least mid-single digits or so?
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to the Sun Bets, it was actually partly operational in nature because the settlement of that was effectively the payout of a contract, bringing forward effectively the minimum revenue guarantee that we had within that contract. So obviously, there's the termination payments in there as well, but the bulk of it was operational. And as a consequence that's why we reported it the way we did. In relation to Subscription Video Services and the costs, we did see cost reductions coming through from nonprogramming as well as some of the program. We didn't have some of the year-on-year costs that we talked about on the pay-per-view, which was $12 million. We didn't have sports, some of the sports costs that came in relative to Q1 of the previous year, but they also are working hard on some of the overhead costs in the background. So they have been looking at driving costs out in the back office, as we said, in order to provide a runway for investment going forward.
Operator: Our next question will be from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: In the books division, can you please explain the big margin improvement in the quarter despite just a 4% revenue increase? I mean, the big growth in digital audio can make up for all that, can it?
Susan Panuccio: Part of the reason obviously is because of the backlist. We get higher margins obviously as they come through from a backlist perspective relative to the frontlist, where we're obviously paying large all throughout [indiscernible] we have. So that's really is what's helping drive that margin improvement.
Brian Han: Susan -- and what was the increase in the backlist revenue during the quarter versus B2P?
Susan Panuccio: We had a backlist that contributed to about 55% of the revenues. I don't have the percentage here in front of me of what that movement was quarter-on-quarter but it contributed 55% to the overall revenues.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn it back to Mr. Mike Florin.
Michael Florin: Great. Thank you, Carrie, and thank you for participating. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-08-09 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Florin - Senior Vice President and Head, Investor Relations Robert Thomson - Chief Executive Officer Susan Panuccio - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kane Hannan - Goldman Sachs Eric Pan - JPMorgan Brian Han - Morningstar Raymond Tong - Evans and Partners Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Andy Levy - Macquarie Securities
Operator: Good day and welcome to News Corp 4Q FY 2018 Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. And as a reminder, all media is invited on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn today’s conference call over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Carrie. Hello, everyone and welcome to News Corp’s fiscal fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks and then we will be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp’s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thanks Mike. These are certainly uncertain times for some media companies, including social media companies. So, it is quite significant that during fiscal 2018, News Corp grew revenues and total segment EBITDA and was an influential voice of reason and reform in a sector that is evolving, but remains in need of sound change. When the new News Corp was launched 5 years ago, we promised to be relentlessly digital and global and that we would remain faithful to the principles and the values inherited from the founding company. It was also crucial for our shareholders that we become more than the sum of our partners. And while we ardently believe there is much toil head, we are confident that closer integration between and among our companies is helping us realize that potential. Our news mastheads and digital property sites continue to work closely to drive valuable audience and traffic and while our higher quality journalism is crucial to the burgeoning of Storyful and to the exponential expansion of Mansion Global. These are not just contrived concepts, but measurable outcomes and our full year numbers provide hard evidence of the company’s successful evolution. This past year, as a result of the transformative combination of Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia and muscular performances of book publishing, digital real estate services, the new News Corp. crossed the $1 billion threshold in profitability. And for the fourth quarter, both revenues and EBITDA were distinctly high compared to the previous year. Meanwhile, constructive conversations are underway with Google, YouTube and Facebook to recognize provenance, contract, piracy, and share the permission data that was generated by our journalism and our creative work. We sense that these companies are conscious, but the editorial ecosystem is changing and that IP is a priority, while piracy and pedantry are anathema to the growth of a healthy and harmonious community. We are watching closely as Amazon, a dominant horizontal platform, expands into more verticals, bringing in the possibility of algorithmic abuse. We are reassured that the dominant algorithms are under increasingly close scrutiny internationally. Thankfully, the credulous have been succeeded by the sedulous. One important development reflected in the most recent quarter is the combination of Foxtel and Fox Sports strategy. We now control the combined company and with the enhanced structure and a new leadership team in place, the combined business obviously increases the share of subscription revenues. At the time of our separation, almost half of News Corp. revenues came from advertising. Today, our revenues from advertising for the year accounted for less than a third of the half. In fact, this quarter, subscription and other non-advertising revenues now exceeded 70% giving News Corp, a healthy foundation for growth in an age, in which subscription is increasingly important for revenues and for a deeper relationship with customers. The new Foxtel will also work much more closely with our mastheads, which we expect to become an important marketing platform for subscribers. I was in Australia in recent days and its patent that there is a renewed vigor, creativity and customer consciousness at the company. We have traditionally suffered from a positive summer sports offerings, but the securing of rights from Cricket Australia for 6 years and the launch of a dedicated cricket channel mean that we will have a year-round offering for the first time and believe that seasonal customer churn will decline. Our mastheads will certainly play a crucial role in complementing our broadcast platform in the pursuit of cricket victories. For Foxtel, we are confident that the current phase of investment in rights and technology should drive increased subscriptions and value for our investments. The new team is acutely aware of the importance of improving the user interface and customer service and the need to innovate such as the introduction of an over-the-top streaming service later this year to give more Australians easier access to premium sports. We indicated our plans for an IPO when we announced the combining of Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia and that continues to be our goal. In using information services, you are able to offset print advertising declines through our expanding digital revenues. We have seen notable success in subscriber growth at Dow Jones, which crossed the 3 million subscriber mark in June, with digital accounting for more than 60% of the Wall Street Journal subscribers. Also, at The Australian, The Times and The Sunday Times, digital subscribers are now more than half of the total subscriber base. Notably, at The Times and Sunday Times, we supposed 500,000 total subscribers in June. Meanwhile, according to ComScore, in May, Sun Online topped Mail Online in the UK in unique visitors. It is no coincidence that such growth in readership comes alongside independent research highlighting the trustworthiness of the Times of London and the Wall Street Journal. In an era in which veracity is a particular virtue and hyperbole is no longer hip, we are proud to have the most trusted news brands around the world. These brands offer increasingly important venues for advertisers who want their reputation burnished, not tarnished. It is thus unsurprising that The Sun and The Times grew their full year ad revenues for the first time in 7 years. Wallace Group saw another strong set of audience figures this quarter, with the listening hours at our UK stations up 14% versus the prior year based on the latest industry data outpacing the overall market. And revenues in the most recent quarter rose significantly, thanks in part to England serendipitous success of the World Cup, but also because of the marketing prowess of our UK and digital platforms. At Dow Jones, fiscal year circulation revenues grew 10%, largely due to digital subscriber growth at the Wall Street Journal. Meanwhile, there was a solid 7% increase in full year revenues at the professional information business, which is the largest year-on-year jump in their annual revenues since the creation of the new news. It was a particularly pleasing performance in risk and compliance as companies recognized the importance of Dow Jones’ insight and the intelligence in areas crucial to the health of the business. The Dow Jones team is also working closely with the team at Storyful, because unique understanding of social media around the world is crucial for companies seeking to avoid reputational roadkill. The New York Post is gathering momentum in a tough turbulent market and is the standout performer in Greater New York, where its positive influence is matched by a positive audience response. The Post digital network, including pagesix.com, had 101 million unique visitors in June, up 51% on the previous year. Clearly, that growth is far superior to that of the New York Times and the struggling Daily News. The Wall Street Journal also added more digital subscribers and had significantly higher circulation revenue growth this quarter than the New York Times. In Australia, digital subscriber growth continue to pace. While our team addresses the cost base to stabilize and strengthen the business, the results of that vigilance were reflected in a positive segment EBITDA contribution for the year and a platform for future growth. Cost savings and potential partnerships with traditional rivals around the world such as Fairfax in Australia and a plethora of publishers in the UK have become possible as the media landscape has changed dramatically, but we will never enter into agreements that undermine the essential character of commercial purpose and social role of their publications. As for book publishing, our team at HarperCollins, through their expert discovery of great authors and empathetic curating of manuscripts and clever marketing campaigns ensured strong results in the fourth quarter and for the full year. That success was reflected in the popularity of its frontlist titles and in the effective leveraging of its substantial backlist. One benefit of that backlist was a $28 million in revenues coming from the sublicensing deals involving JRR Tolkien’s works. As Gandalf observed, perhaps with Chief Executives and investors almost in mind, all we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us. HarperCollins also saw continued growth in its digital revenues, thanks to the rising popularity of downloadable audio and we had substantial success in financial ‘18 with the strong sales of the best-selling, The Subtle Art of Not Giving an Expletive and from Joanne Gaines’ Magnolia Table, which according to BookScan, is the fastest selling U.S. cookbook in history. In children’s books, we had particular success with The Hate U Give, which you will see in the theaters later this year as a film from 20th Century Fox. Now, we come to our fastest growing segment, digital real estate services, which has been a particular priority since the formation of the new news. Overall, digital real estate services segment revenues rose 22% and segment EBITDA rose 24% for the year. We have become the most global digital property company. And we certainly still have the potential for rapid growth without alienating realtors by becoming hot to trot house-livers. At Move, home of realtor.com, core real estate revenues for fiscal ‘18 grew 20%, with total revenues up a healthy 15% for the year. Realtor.com continued to show strong audience gains and maintained its lead tangibly with 1.5x higher engagement compared to its nearest competitor. We are continuously working to improve returns for realtors and enhance experience for customers. It is worth noting that realtor.com has nearly doubled its revenue since the acquisition by News Corp less than 4 years ago. We believe that our largest investment since the split, which has been quite lucrative and transforming is undervalued by Wall Street given realtor.com significant revenue expansion, impressive increase in audience, and the value of its peers in the digital real estate sector. We remain committed to users of the site who are making an important investment for their families and to realtors whom we have no intention of usurping unlike certain other companies. Meanwhile, in Australia, REA continued to be an industry leader in both audience and innovation expanding into adjacencies like the mortgage broker business, which has quickly gained traction with 350,000 self completed financial profiles as of June 30. At the close of this fiscal year, 5 years since our rebirth as a company, we are proud to have leaders and creators so strong, passionate and purposeful and numbers so self evidently robust and a future that holds much promise for growth in audience, revenue and profit. Behind the impressive results are the people of News Corp, who serve our readers, members, audiences and advertisers, all have contributed to our success this year and over the past 5 years and have laid the foundations for a particularly prosperous and a fecund future for our investors. With that, I will turn the microphone over to Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Before I review the financial results, I wanted to highlight five themes from this past year and the quarter, where we have made significant progress. We have taken steps to stabilize the News and Information Services segment and this year showed tangible improvement through a combination of cost initiatives and digital investments. We are seeing strong digital paid subscriber growth across many of our key properties, where digital subscribers now exceed print. Revenues were stable for the quarter and the fiscal year and the segment EBITDA reflected moderation in declines, a material improvement from recent trends. In addition, we continued to focus on potential industry solutions, which include our recently announced printing agreement with Fairfax in Australia. We have focused on strengthening our digital real estate services platform this year, which we have done by expanding into relevant adjacencies, investing in new businesses and products and growing our core audiences. This segment was our biggest EBITDA contributor and annual revenues now exceed well over $1 billion and have more than tripled separation. The performance at our book publishing segment this year underscores the value of premium content in global scale pasting record revenues since the company separated. We completed the Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia combination, which gives operational control to News Corp, reshapes our revenue base and provides more flexibility for News Corp moving forward and we continue to actively look at our portfolio. This year, we sold several non-core investments, including our stake in SEEK Asia and magazines in Australia and continue to evaluate our options with respect to our regional and community newspapers. With that, I would now like to discuss our financial results. For the full year fiscal 2018, total revenues were over $9 billion, an 11% increase compared to the prior year. This includes the consolidation of Foxtel in the fourth quarter. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact from acquisitions and divestments and currency fluctuations as disclosed in the press release, revenues rose 2%. Reported total segment EBITDA for the year was nearly $1.1 billion compared to $885 million in the prior year, a 21% increase over the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDA for the year, which excludes the Foxtel impact and other items as disclosed in the press release, rose 6%. During the full year, we had several non-recurring items impacting EPS. Those items included pre-tax non-cash write-downs of $1.2 billion primarily related to Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia and use American marketing, which we reported in the third quarter and a $237 million charge reflecting certain one-time adjustments as a consequence of the U.S. Tax Act. Finally, the fourth quarter included a loss of $337 million related to the Foxtel transaction, primarily resulting from the write-off of the Fox Sports Australia channel distribution agreement as a result of the transaction, which is reflected under other net. Reported EPS from continuing operations were negative $2.60 compared to negative $1.27 in the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations were $0.44 versus $0.36 in the prior year. And now to the quarterly financial data, we reported fiscal 2018 fourth quarter total revenues of $2.7 billion, up 29% versus the prior year. On an adjusted basis which excludes the impact of the Foxtel consolidation and the other items disclosed in our release, revenues rose 5%. Reported total segment EBITDA was $312 million compared to $215 million in the prior year. Adjusted segment EBITDA, which excludes the Foxtel in fact rose 13%. For the quarter, our reported EPS were negative $0.64 compared to negative $0.74 a year ago. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations were $0.08 versus $0.11 in the prior year. Turning now to the individual operating segments. In news and information services, revenues for the quarter were $1.3 billion and rose 1% versus the prior year. Within segment revenues, advertising revenues were down 2% and circulation and subscription revenues increased 5% with foreign currency benefiting advertising by 1% and circulation and subscription revenues by 2%. Within the segment reported revenues at Dow Jones rose 3%, News UK rose 4%, News Australia declined 3% and News American marketing fell 2%. News and information services segment EBITDA this quarter was $94 million, down 9% versus the prior year, which is a notable improvement on the declines we experienced in the third quarter. There are few highlights, which I would like to mention from a segment. We again saw strong digital subscriber growth across our news businesses. At Dow Jones, circulation revenues grew 9% and at the Wall Street Journal, they grew 10% benefiting from strong growth in the Wall Street Journal digital-only subscribers, which were up 25% year-over-year and up 7% versus our fiscal third quarter. In addition, we again saw healthy year-over-year digital subscription growth at The Times and The Sunday Times up 27% and also at News Australia, up 14%. The Professional Information Business, or PIB, at Dow Jones posted 6% revenue growth, led again by risk and compliance, which grew 35% in the quarter versus the prior year and as expected exceeded $100 million in total sales this year. We remain very encouraged by the pipeline and trajectory of growth. Just to frame the size, our PIB products in fiscal 2018 generated 27% of Dow Jones revenues. Fourth quarter advertising trends across our news portfolio improved modestly from the fiscal third quarter rate, the UK was again a solid performer, with advertising up 6% versus the prior year or flat in local currency led by digital advertising growth and higher year-on-year performances at both The Sun and The Times. News Australia advertising declined 6% versus the prior year in reported and local currency showing further moderation as print advertising declined. Dow Jones advertising was down 10%, also reflecting an improvement in print declines at the Wall Street Journal. The closure of the Wall Street Journal international print editions in Q2 impacted Dow Jones advertising revenues by $5 million accounting for nearly half of the advertising declines this quarter. We remain very focused on cost initiatives, particularly at News Australia. While much work is due to be done, pleasingly News Australia showed some stability and profitability, helped by ongoing cost initiatives, which have exceeded our initial expectations and also higher digital revenues. As we mentioned last quarter, we have been working with industry participants about potentially shaping or sharing printing and distribution facilities to drive further operating efficiencies across our key markets. News Corp Australia entered into a commercial printing arrangement with Fairfax Media to provide printing services in New South Wales and Queensland. We expect to realize approximately AUD10 million of cost savings on an annualized basis from this agreement and continue to explore other opportunities to increase efficiencies. Finally, News America marketing revenues were relatively stable as weakness in inset products were mostly offset by mid single-digit growth in in-store advertising products. Profit contribution improved due to effective cost management. Turning to our book publishing segments, we posted very solid quarter driven by strong frontlist and backlist performances, combined with the contribution from the previously announced sublicensing agreement of Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings Trilogy with Amazon. Revenues for the quarter increased approximately 20% to $490 million and segment EBITDA increased 82% to $71 million. The Tolkien agreement, which highlights the value of intellectual property impacted revenues by $28 million or 7%. This quarter also benefited from several successful new releases, including Magnolia Table by Joanna Gaines, I’ll Be Gone in the Dark by Michelle McNamara and Girl Wash Your Face by Rachel Hollis, as well as the continued strength of backlist titles such as The Subtle Art by Mark Manson. Overall, the backlist contributed approximately 49% of consumer revenues in the quarter, down 54% last year. While revenue this quarter was driven by the success of the frontlist, backlist revenue still grew at a healthy rate on an absolute basis. Total digital revenues for the quarter grew 12%, the highest growth in recent periods due to the strength of the downloadable audio books and represented 20% of consumer revenues in line with the prior year. In the digital real estate services segment, revenues increased 19% to $299 million. Reported segment EBITDA was up 14% to $99 million. REA Group revenues grew 27% due to very strong residential depth revenue growth in Australia, including higher penetration for Premier Oil and increased yield, the integration of the Smartline acquisition and benefit from currency. Revenue growth was partially offset by lower listing volume. As always, please refer to REA’s earnings release in their conference call which will commence shortly after this call for additional details. News revenues rose 11% to $120 million versus the prior year driven by continued success of its Connections for Buyers product. Connections for Buyers benefited from higher customer flow and yield as well as increased lead volume albeit at a slower pace in the prior year. Core real estate revenues, which includes listing and lead-based products, grew 17%. As I mentioned last quarter, we have been reducing our non-listing advertising modes as part of the site redesign, initially within select market to improve engagement and lead volume with encouraging early signs. Average monthly unique users at realtor.com were approximately 63 million for the quarter rising 9% versus the prior year. As expected, Move’s expenses were higher this quarter due to planned brand marketing and traffic acquisition cost to drive revenue growth and partly to increase our traction in New York City. We are also re-branding our core suite of professional services and tools ahead of the commercial launch in the coming months. Turning to subscription video services, which include the newly combined Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia businesses and Sky News, you will see that we have attached the press release, the pro forma statements for the past few years. Revenues were $610 million versus $140 million a year ago on a pro forma basis reflecting the Foxtel transaction last year’s revenues were $643 million. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $97 versus $24 million in the prior year. As I alluded to last quarter, reported results for the segment includes one-time transaction cost of $12 million. On a pro forma basis, segment EBITDA declined to $109 million from $178 million in the prior year, primarily due to the revenue impact I just noted, higher programming costs, which reflect increased NRL and FSA rights cost as well as $10 million of transition cost. On operating metrics, Foxtel’s total closing subscribers were over 2.8 million as of June 30, up nearly 2% versus the prior year and prior quarter driven by Foxtel Now subscriptions offset by lower cable and satellite subscribers and the termination of the wind down of the TV box subscribers. In the fourth quarter, cable and satellite residential churn was 12.5%, down from the 13.3% and ARPU was down 3% to AUD80 per month. In the segment, subscription revenues totaled $523 million for the quarter, accounting for over 85% of segment revenues. Subscription revenues were down 4% year-on-year on a pro forma basis resulting from the subscriber mix. Advertising revenues totaled $67 million for the quarter accounting for over 10% of segment revenues. Advertising was down 12% year-on-year on a pro forma basis primarily due to lower advertising at the Foxtel Network channels. As I mentioned last quarter, there will be some short-term reinvestment required at Foxtel to drive volume and improve the subscriber trajectory. I will briefly describe what these are. Firstly, beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we will start to incur the cost associated with the recently acquired Cricket Australia rights. We also faced full year of NRL costs related to the step up from the new rights contract which will likely be in the region of AUD20 million or $15 million. Secondly, we anticipate the launch of an IP-only sports offering in the second quarter and are also actively considering other non-sports IP-only products targeted at specific demographics. Thirdly, the incremental depreciation and amortization as a consequence of the consolidation was approximately $75 million in the quarter. Finally, our full year results include approximately $60 million of CapEx related to the consolidation of Foxtel in the fourth quarter. For fiscal 2018, Foxtel CapEx was approximately $285 million. At this point, we expect Foxtel’s fiscal 2019 CapEx to increase by at least $50 million to reflect expenditures related to high penetration of next-generation set-top boxes, including 4K upgrade and some additional project spend relating to improving its IP platform. It is important to note that a significant amount of Foxtel’s CapEx is subscriber related, which includes set-top-boxes and capitalized installation cost and will be driven by sales volume. As Robert mentioned, our goal continues to be driving towards an IPO and believe that improving subscription volumes will be key to our long-term value creation. Over-the-top will be a key growth initiative and our goal will be to maintain the broadcast subscriber base and manage churn effectively. Finally, I would like to mention a few other themes as we enter into fiscal 2019. At news and information services, while pre-advertising trends continue downwards, they have been relatively stable, but visibility remains limited. As a consequence, we are very focused on driving higher penetration of digital paid subscription rolling out new digital advertising solutions and delivering ongoing cost initiatives, particularly in Australia and at News UK. The segment achieved some stability this year and we remain focused on continued improvement. At subscription video services, we expect reinvestment this year as I mentioned focusing on launching new OTT products, 4K, the next generation of the IQ Box and managing our valuable broadcast base. In book publishing, overall, we are very pleased with the performance of HarperCollins. Underlying trends seem relatively stable and we remain focused on expanding our foreign language penetration. We will cycle some challenging comparisons in the coming year that we are excited about our new releases, including the recent release of Daniel Silva’s, The Other Woman and the November release of Home Body by Joanne Gaines. At digital real estate services, we expect continued revenue growth at both REA and Move and for the segment to continue to play an important role in our revenue and EBITDA mix. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Good morning, Robert and Susan. Just on the Foxtel that you mentioned, could you just comment on what you say is I suppose the key hurdles this business would need to achieve on before you would be willing to go ahead and with such a transaction is adjusted subscriber growth that you are mentioning at the end?
Robert Thomson: Kane, it’s Robert here. I have just returned from Australia and it’s fair to say that with Patrick Delaney you have a new team, a new mood, a new momentum. And that will be crucial for the success in subscriptions that are generally speaking not just for an IPO, but for the health of the business generally. We will all be using as a benchmark. There absolutely no doubt that Foxtel has the best portfolio programs and sports rights and the letter being enhanced by the cricket rights. And there is no doubt as well that the Australian audience prepared to pay for programming is far greater than previously presumed. So, it’s fair to say both the circumstances on the ground and the context of the Australian market give us confidence in the future of Foxtel.
Susan Panuccio: I think Kane I probably just add that we obviously have done a lot of investment in the business as it stands anyway and we have got the cricket rights as well you know and other sports contracts that we now have looked out for a significant period of time and it is important that we monetize those and start to push subscriber growth and that will be by a combination of broadcast and these new OTT propositions that we launched. So, we are focused on both of those and we are focused also on cost reductions out there as well. So, there is a major transformation going on across that business. And as Robert alluded to the management team down there that have hit the ground running and doing a great job so far.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Kane. Carrie, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Eric Pan with JPMorgan.
Eric Pan: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So with the change in the media consolidation rules in Australia, which sort of allow your competitor Fairfax to come together with Nine, would you say you are a seller or acquirer of assets in that market?
Robert Thomson: I would say we are a focused operator. Susan just mentioned Foxtel and Fox Sports, in that combination we want to make more than the sum of the parts. Their consolidation has given us control of the company in tandem with our partner, Telstra and that will be our absolute focus.
Mike Florin: Thank you. Carrie, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Hi. Just a very quick question, the revenue increase from sublicensing Lord of the Rings, is that revenue almost 100% margin and should we be baking those earnings in for the foreseeable future?
Susan Panuccio: No, that’s not 100% margin. So, I think we have said $28 million was the revenue increase and we netted about $21 million.
Robert Thomson: What you should be baking into the future is that we have an excellent team at HarperCollins led by Brian Murray and that team has become very deft at monetizing one of the most healthy backlists available.
Mike Florin: Thank you. Carrie, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from Raymond Tong and Evans and Partners.
Raymond Tong: Good morning, Robert and Susan. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, just on the Move revenue, growth has moderated a bit in the quarter, just wanted – can you talk to some of the key areas of investments and how you are sort of thinking in terms of revenue growth going forward? And just on the subscription video services, there is a bit of investment coming up that you have outlined and just wondering how you think about the EBITDA trajectory into the medium-term for that business?
Robert Thomson: Raymond, we are very optimistic about the potential for continued growth of core revenues at realtor. As Susan mentioned, what you define as core rose 17% year-on-year, but actually the main product within that Connection for Buyers was up 23%. So, that’s still a healthy growth rate. We are not complacent. But on a macro level, there has been slight slowing down in existing home sales in the U.S., but that’s not a given trend given the health of the UK or U.S. economy and you would expect over coming quarters that I am not soothsayer that if the housing market picks up you will see a pickup also in core realtor revenues.
Susan Panuccio: And Raymond, I think just in relation to your second question on Foxtel and our expectations around EBITDA for the coming year, we obviously don’t give our guidance in relation to that, but I think it would be fair to say we have talked about the reinvestment activities that we are planning to do there and we obviously have got the cricket rights that have come in with the cost associated with that. We clearly are going to be launching some new products and platforms that will come out into the marketplace which will start to grow subscribers and push that through. So, we are expecting going forward that there will be a balance of obviously investment with growth coming through and then we would be expecting lesser years to pickup.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Raymond. Carrie, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. I got two quick questions please. What was the circulation revenue percent change with and without currency by region and then also want to ask about the cost for news and information, it looked like it was up about 2% year-over-year. I assume it was closer to flat just for currency, but is there much room here in your guys’ minds or plan here to take out another large chunk of the costs going forward? Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: Maybe Craig I might handle those if I will. So, in relation to Dow Jones, circulation revenues were up 9% growth in local currency as well, News UK circulation revenues were down 1% and in News Australia, circulation revenues were flat, but in relation to that first question. The second question you are right, if you adjust for M&A and other matters, then the costs were flat across news and information services and I think it’s fair to say we have probably got businesses at different growth rates than different parts of the cycle, but Dow Jones will probably see more of an investment going forward. They have got revenue growth obviously they have had revenue growth this year, we are expecting to continue to invest in marketing and acquisition cost as I continue to push those digital subscribers. I think it would be fair to say that News Australia were balancing cost reinvestments with cost out and we do believe that there is work that can be gunned down there and the team is very focused on that. And at News UK, there is indeed still opportunities around cost out there. We would expect those probably to be lesser than the ones we would see in Australia as they continue to reinvest in their digital products over there. So I think it’s a mixed bag across the group that we certainly see more opportunities in front of us.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Craig. And just to supplement Susan, Craig, as you mentioned Dow Jones subscription revenue was up 9%, that was actually 10% at the Wall Street Journal. And what you have there is a tremendous base for the potential up-selling of premium specialist content at premium prices. So, our subscription base, while growing faster than the nearest competitor, is also based with a different composition and one with real price elasticity.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Craig. Carrie, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be from Andy Levy with Macquarie Securities.
Andy Levy: Hi, guys. Thanks. Just one for me on the Foxtel IPO, I was wondering if you can just talk to the license wanting the IPO, Foxtel down the track and what News Corp would be looking to do which its holding in terms of reduce it through their prices, would you be looking at your partner exiting through that process? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: Look, we can’t go into details about the future per se. All I would articulate is our absolute confidence in our ability to grow revenues, to grow the subscriber base and to grow profitability at the combined company over coming years. That means extra value for the company, but in particular, it will mean extra value for our own business.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Andrew. Carrie, we will take our next question.
Operator: At this time, I am showing no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn it back over to Mike Florin.
Mike Florin: Great. Well, thank you Carrie and thank you all for participating today. Have a great day and we will talk to you soon. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-05-10 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - IR Robert Thomson - CEO Susan Panuccio - CFO
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Kane Hannan - Goldman Sachs John Janedis - Jefferies Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Brian Han - Morningstar
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to News Corp Third Quarter Fiscal ‘18 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Sophie. Hello everyone and welcome to News Corp's fiscal third quarter 2018 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. In the third quarter, we again saw strong results across the company with revenue growth in every segment. In fact, we experienced higher growth in the third quarter than in any quarter since our rebirth as the new News in 2013. The company continues to deliver on its strategic mission to become increasingly global and digital with an ever greater focus on collaboration and innovation and that focus is evident from this quarter's results. We are particularly pleased with the progress in digital real estate where revenues grew 27% and we fortified the business for future growth. Revenues for the quarter were $2.1 billion, representing a 6% increase year-over-year. Total segment EBITDA for Q3 was $182 million, a 15% decline from last year, a result that was impacted by certain singular items, which Susan will momentarily detail. It is worth highlighting that for the first nine months, reported revenues were 6.3 billion, up 4% year-over-year and total segment EBITDA was $760 million, up 13% on the equivalent period last year. Reported earnings in the third quarter were affected by non-cash write downs of 998 million related to Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia. As was previously disclosed in March, non-cash impairment charges of $165 million related to News America marketing. Starting with the fourth quarter, the combination of the digital real estate services and cable TV businesses is expected to account for significantly more than half of our profits. The Foxtel, Fox Sports Australia consolidation is also expected to make circulation and subscription revenues, the biggest revenue stream for News Corp for the first time. This should give us more protection against the vicissitudes of a volatile advertising market. The social and political debate over the digital platforms and their influence has intensified in recent months as is certainly appropriate. For many years, News Corps, under the leadership of Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch has highlighted the deleterious effect the platforms have had on journalism. The outcome of this debate will have a profound impact on our business and on the societies in which we operate. The end of Google's prejudicial first click free policy, which punished high quality journalism, has already benefited our masters and we appreciate the work of Sundar Pichai in particular. It is however just a first step on the pathway to prominence. We and other publishers are also in discussion with Facebook, which certainly [indiscernible] about virtue and veracity. Well, authenticated professional news may represent a minority of the content on Facebook, there is no doubt that the company needs trusted publishers to enhance and experience what has been polluted by fake news and ubiquitous ill-informed, sometimes malicious gossip.  The sheer amount of personal data collected by Facebook, Google and Amazon means that governments are rightly considering the establishment of an algorithm review board, which, if properly conceived, would provide the necessary transparency for individuals, clients and competitors concerned about algorithmic abuse. These algorithms are already potent, but they are destined to be much more formidable and there are abundance potential to skew news and skewer customers’ needs to be better understood and monitored.  And an algorithm review board or ARB would be particularly useful in the oversight of companies which have horizontal dominance and use that leverage to dominate a vertical, such as Amazon with audiobooks and potentially Facebook with dating. We are confident that a renewed focus on provenance and on integrity will benefit our masters, our journalism and our advertising clients. We are learning more each day about the potential dangers of digital. Challenging these dominant digital platforms is important for our businesses but also meaningful for the societies in which we operate. Now, let's examine in more detail this quarter’s results. I'll start with digital real estate services, which continued to fulfill its promise as a core and increasingly important revenue and profit driver. REA Group had an impressive quarter and Tracey Fellows and her team are continuing to provide valuable services to our clients, while being restlessly determined to enhance the experience on the side. REA maintains a very healthy lead over its competitor and solidified its position with 35% revenue growth year-over-year, helped in part by emerging financial services business.  REA gained traction with its home mortgage operations and as of the end of March, had more than a quarter of million self-completed financial profiles. Given the concern about the financial services industry in Australia, the team perceived an opening for business to truly focus on customer's needs and aspirations. Meanwhile REA saw a strong traffic growth in Southeast Asia with signs of improving revenue trends from the previous quarter in a market that is still in the early days of its digital evolution. Last week, REA announced the acquisition of Hometrack Australia, a provider of innovative, property data to the financial services sector. This will allow REA to deliver an increasing flow of insightful intelligence to customers and consumers and should further strengthen its position at the heart of the Australian property market.  At Move, there was 15% revenue growth overall, a healthy 19% coming from its core real estate business. It was a robust performance in the lead based connections for buyers’ product as well as strong audience growth and more intense engagement. In the next few months, realtor.com will be launching real suite, a mobile based system, which will enable advertisers to provide the best possible service to their clients, increasing responsiveness, highlighting meaningful leads and providing consumers with a level of service they expect throughout the transaction process. Meanwhile, we note with much interest that Zillow is expanding its Instant Offers program. Understandably, agents and brokers are eyeing this move with legitimate concern, as we believe Zillow’s focus on house flipping is indicative of its long term intent. Having a very close relationship with agents and brokers is even more valuable today as we work with the industry to drive high quality lead volume and provide sophisticated market intelligence to sellers and buyers. At News and Information Services, while print advertising remains challenging, we saw an overall improvement in advertising trends in the third quarter. News UK reported the second consecutive quarter of ad revenue growth for the first time in seven years and under Rebekah Brooks’ leadership, all our UK mastheads gained market share in circulation. Also in the UK, Wallace Group experienced strong listenership and improved revenues compared to the prior year with standout performances at Virgin Radio and Talkradio. Wireless’ audience growth has outpaced UK radio market in general based on the latest RAJAR data.  Talksport is also looking forward expectantly to its coverage of the World Cup this June. Clearly, audience interest will in part depend on England's on field exploits. Let us hope that past performance is no guarantee of future results. Unruly had another strong quarter, driven by growth in the US, UK and Japan, as programmatic continues to burgeon. Unruly’s consistent innovation in the ad distribution market and its provision of authenticated audiences make it particularly valuable at time when advertisers are questioning value and veracity.  At Dow Jones, The Wall Street Journal's digital only subscriber growth was 24% year-over-year. Circulation revenues at Jones again increased 10%, as our publications served a growing public demand for timely and reliable news. Total subscribers across Dow Jones recently passed the 3 million target based on preliminary internal metrics and we expect continued growth in coming quarters. Revenue to the professional information business expanded 9%, led by the sterling performance of risk and compliance, with 45% year-over-year growth and its revenues. Reducing risk and ensuring compliance are clearly imperatives for our corporate clients.  While advertising declined overall, it did so at a slower right compared to Q2, driven by low teens digital ad growth. The New York Post had strong advertising and audience numbers with 87 million uniques in March, a 72% year over year spike. In Australia, we made progress in reviewing our original papers and continue to focus on core metro titles and News Australia, streamlining the business and improving operating efficiencies. Digital Paid subscribers News Corp Australia grew 23% and we also saw robust digital ad revenue growth. One final note for the news and information services segment. Taken together, our premium publications, the Journal, the Times, and Sunday Times and The Australian experienced an average growth in digital subscriptions for Q3 of more than 20%, a testament to the success of the digital transformation of these masters. In book publishing, we experienced a strong quarter with robust revenue and profitability at HarperCollins. This success was driven in part by best-selling US titles such as AJ Finn, The Woman in the Window, the only debut work of fiction in the past 12 years to immediately reach number one and the continuing strength of Mark Manson's the Subtle Art of Not Giving an expletive.  Notably, our Christian publishing arm performed well with one of the year's best performing titles Kathie Lee Gifford’s, The Rock, the Road and the Rabbi and renewed interest in the works of Billy Graham. Bryan Murray’s team continues to look for ways to leverage our global platform, including an important pact with bestselling author Daniel Silva, acquiring the world rights to six more of his books, starting with the Other Woman in July 2018. We have finalized a licensing deal with Amazon to create an original television series based on the Lord of The Rings by JRR Tolkien, underscoring the power of our backlist. We expect to generate incremental revenue in the fourth quarter of this fiscal year as a result of this deal. We are excited about the combining of Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia, giving News Corp 65% of the business and our partners at Telstra 35%. This agreement creates fresh opportunities for collaboration and comes at a time when over the top is becoming a significant part of our consumer portfolio.  We believe Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia together will provide consumers a compelling offering with incomparable sports programming and a tangibly improved user experience. Cricket is core to Australian culture and we've secured prime rights for six years with Cricket Australia. Fox Sports has plans to launch a dedicated cricket channel in the coming months to make the most of those rights. For the first time, fans will be able to watch the game without interruption where and when they want.  Fox Sports will simulcast all cricket matches, both in linear and digital formats and will have valuable exclusivity for a number of crucial encounters. The cricket contract also means that we are now able to boast strong sports programming year round, given our core NRL and IFL rights and we are optimistic that a more complete sports offering will minimize churn. The coming year is obviously of vital importance and we expect the repositioning to be followed by a renaissance at the company. In summary, we are pleased with revenue growth we've seen across every segment of our business. We cherish the strength of digital scoops subscriptions at mastheads, the vigor of our digital real estate and global book publishing businesses and the promise of a significant transformation of News Corp with the consolidation of Foxtel in the current quarter. The character of our company will be enhanced and our reported revenue and EBITDA will be boosted significantly. With that, I turn the call over to our CFO, Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Turning to the financials, fiscal 2018 third quarter total revenues were $2.1 billion, up 6% compared to the prior year with revenue gains across the portfolio led by our digital real estate services segment. Reported total segment EBITDA was $182 million, down from $215 million in the prior year. For the quarter, we reported a loss per share of $1.94 compared to a loss of $1 in the prior year. The loss was primarily driven by the pretax non-cash write downs of $998 million related to Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia. As we communicated in March, an impairment related to News America Marketing, which totaled $165 million. On an adjusted basis which excludes those and the other items shown in the press release reconciliation table, earnings per share was $0.06 compared to $0.07 in the prior year. As Robert mentioned, we close the Foxtel transaction at the beginning of the fourth quarter and those results will be consolidated with Fox Sports Australia during quarter four which I will discuss in a few moments.  Twenty now to the individual operating segments. In news and information services, revenues for the quarter were $1.3 billion, up 2% versus the prior year, slightly improved rate over the previous quarter. Foreign exchange contributed $50 million this quarter to revenues. Within segment revenues, advertising revenues were down 3% and circulation and subscription revenues increased 7% with foreign currency benefiting advertising by 3% and circulation and subscription revenues by 5%. Within the segment, reported revenues at Dow Jones rose 4%, News UK rose 10%, News Australia declined 3% and News American marketing fell 5%. More revenue details will be provided in the 10-Q filing tomorrow. News and information segment EBITDA this quarter was $85 million, down 31% versus the prior year. You may also recall that last year's results included a $12 million benefit related to an adjustment to the deferred consideration for Unruly. We also had higher expenses this quarter at News UK, much of which was timing related. There are also a few highlights that I would like to mention from the segment. We again saw digital subscriber growth across our news businesses. At Dow Jones, circulation revenues grew 10%, the fourth consecutive quarter of double digit growth, benefiting from strong growth in the Wall Street Journal digital only subscribers, which are up 24% year-over-year and up 7% or 101,000 versus our fiscal second quarter. Pleasingly, we also saw an increase in subscriber ARPU at Down Jones. In addition, we again saw strong year-over-year digital subscription growth at the Time, and Sunday Times, up 24% and at News Australia, up 23%. At Dow Jones, we saw further revenue acceleration in the professional information business, which contributes to overall quarter of the Dow Jones revenues. This past quarter, the professional information business posted 9% revenue growth, led by risk and compliance which grew 45% and is on pace to exceed $100 million in total sales this year. Advertising continues to be mixed across our news portfolio, but overall, showed slightly better performance from last quarter. The UK was again a solid performer with advertising up 16% versus the prior year or 3% in local currency, similar to its Q2 performance, led by digital advertising growth and moderating print advertising declines, particularly at the Sun. News Australia declined 5% versus the prior year or 9% in local currency, a slight improvement versus the second quarter rate. Dow Jones advertising was down low double digits, improving on the trend from the second quarter, led by a strong performance in digital advertising. The closure of the Wall Street Journal international print edition impacted Dow Jones advertising revenues by $6 million, which represented about half of the decline this quarter. Our cost initiatives have been centered around Australia, given the reliance on print advertising in that market. We have already significantly exceeded last year's AUD40 million in cost savings during the first nine months of the year and continue to look for additional efficiencies. We're also continuing to review our portfolio in Australia as we focus on improving our profitability. And globally as we have done in the UK, we are in discussions with industry participants about potentially sharing printing and distribution facilities to drive further operating efficiencies. Finally, at News America Marketing, overall result were lower, but saw a sequential improvement from the second quarter, benefiting from one additional insertion and higher digital growth as we expected in communication on the last earnings call.  Turning to our book publishing segment, we posted a very solid quarter led by strong front list and back list performance. Revenue for the quarter increased approximately 6% to $398 million and segment EBITDA increased 16% to $43 million. Strong results from General books and Christian publishing drove overall performance this quarter. As Robert mentioned, this quarter benefited from the continued performance of the Woman in the Window by AJ Finn and strong performances from the backlist.  Overall, the backlist contributed approximately 58% of revenues in the quarter, up from 52% last year, helping to drive higher margins. Total digital revenue for the quarter grew 5% and represented 22% of consumer revenues, in line with the prior year, due to the strength in the downloadable audiobooks, which now comprises 25% of digital revenues. In the digital real estate services segment, revenues increased 27% to $279 million. Reported segment EBITDA was up 17% to $88 million. REA group revenues grew 35% due to very strong residential revenue growth in Australia, including higher penetration for premium all. The integration of the smart line acquisition and benefit from currency. While listing volumes were down modestly, partly due to an early start, we saw relatively stable trends in both Melbourne and Sydney. Please refer to REA’s earnings release and their conference call, which will commence shortly after this call for additional details. News revenue rose 15% to $115 million versus the prior year, driven by a strong performance from connection suppliers, which is benefiting from higher customer flow and higher yield. While core real estate revenues grew at a notably higher right from the base growth rate, we saw slower growth in non-listing advertising revenues this quarter. Part of the plan to test reducing advertising loads in select markets to drive engagement and lead volume with early results encouraging. Average monthly unique users at realtor.com were approximately 61 million for the quarter, rising 10% versus the prior year and reached 65 million in April. News operating expenses were higher this quarter, driven by planned incremental marketing to drive revenue growth and partly to increase traction in New York. We are also rebranding our core fleet of professional services and tools ahead of a commercial launch in the next few months. In cable network programming, revenue increased $7 million or 6% to $129 million. Segment EBITDA in the quarter soured $16 million from $34 million in the prior year, primarily due to the phasing of programming amortization and higher programming costs related to the NRL, which led to approximately $22 million higher costs this quarter. We also incurred approximately $2 million of expenditure related to the proposed combination of Foxtel, Fox Sports, which was excluded from adjusted EBITDA. The bulk of the transaction cost will be recorded in the fourth quarter. With respect to equity losses from affiliates, equity losses of affiliates of $974 million reflects the $957 million non-cash write down of the carrying value of Foxtel in the quarter, as we had previously disclosed in March. This compares with negative $23 million in the prior year period. Foxtel revenues for the third quarter declined 1% to $587 million, and EBITDA decreased 21% due to planned increases in sports programming costs of $18 million, primarily related to the Australian Football League rights and carriage fees of Fox Sports Australia as well as lower revenues. On operating metrics, Foxtel’s total closing subscribers were approximately 2.8 million as of March 31, up nearly 1% versus the prior year, driven by Foxtel Now subscriptions, which were offset by lower cable and satellite subscribers and the termination of TV box subscribers as part of the planned wind down in the quarter. In the third quarter, cable and satellite churn was 15.4%, down from 16.1% and ARPU was down 1%. In early April, we completed the transaction with Telstra to combine Foxtel and Fox Sports into a new company, in which News Corp now owns 65%. The Foxtel results will be consolidated with Fox Sports Australia during the fourth quarter and it will also include approximately $1.7 billion of debt. As a consequence of the transaction, there will be some initial reinvestments required to improve the earnings and subscriber trajectory. To that end, one big step as Robert highlighted was securing long term domestic cricket rights, which will now materially improve Fox Sports’ offering, focusing on both subscriber volume and churn. On the core broadcast business, our goal will be to maintain the subscriber base and manage churn effectively. We are progressing with the rollout of IQ3, which is showing promising signs on churn reduction and ARPU lift and today has been deployed to approximately one quarter of our broadcast base. We expect to continue to expand penetration of new set top boxes and also to develop a next generation box, including half customer features. Over the top will be a key growth initiative. This past fiscal year, our product development was focused on launching an IP version of our broadcast offering, which has helped to extend our reach and capture more of the affordable segment. Our goal in fiscal ’19 is to launch new sports and non-sports products, built on an IP only platform, targeted at specific demographics. With new management in the business, we are reviewing the cost base, looking across content operations to deal further efficiencies and to ensure the business is right sized to deliver the new initiatives. Looking to the fourth quarter, there are a few comments I would like to make. News and information services, advertising trends so far appear broadly in line with the third quarter, however, we do expect slightly higher marketing costs in the fourth quarter at Dow Jones, mostly related to driving higher digital paid subscriber growth. At Fox Sports and Foxtel, we will consolidate Foxtel in the fourth quarter, which will be reflected in newly formed segment called subscription video services, which will also include the Australian news channel operator, Sky News. Overall, we expect subscriber trends at Foxtel to be relatively similar to the prior quarter, but do expect some additional OTT investment. Results in the segment are also expected to include transaction cost in the $10 million to $15 million range. In book publishing, we expect to realize over $20 million in additional revenues in the fourth quarter from the agreement with Amazon to license the Lord of the Rings by JRR Tolkien for a TV series. At digital real estate services, we expect continued strong revenue growth at REA, which should show some improvement in listing volumes, helped by the absence of Easter and like the third quarter, we anticipate hiring investment spending it move to drive traffic and support new products. While we are in the process of completing our purchase price allocation of Foxtel and evaluating the related impact from a profit and loss, there are a few items below the line worth mentioning, regarding the Foxtel consolidation. Foxtel standalone depreciation and amortization for the first nine months totaled $187 million, including $69 million for the quarter. In addition, we have also advertised an additional $49 million and $17 million for the first nine months and the quarter respectively related to the excess cost of our 50% share of the business that we acquired by the CMH acquisition in 2012. Foxtel results will be removed from the equity income and the 35% stake Telstra owns at the combined company will be reflected in minority interest going forward. We will also consolidate Foxtel’s interest expense, which will reflect the $1.7 billion in debt that we will include on our balance sheet. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: I was curious, if given all the changes in sort of the broader media industry, specifically, the M&A amongst many of the other media peers, has it influenced your longer term strategic outlook for your business? Do you think you are in the right size, right asset mix? I know you've got a lot of different things planned at different parts of your business, but it's sort of a bigger picture question.
Robert Thomson: Well, Alexia, we're constantly reviewing our situation and opportunities that may or may not arise. What we certainly won’t be doing is paying silly money for overpriced, overhyped targets. As you can see with the investments we’ve made thus far with realtor, with Harlequin, we've been able to use our existing assets to transform their value and that has been of benefit obviously to the company, but most importantly, to shareholders and we'll certainly always have shareholders in mind when contemplating any potential investments.
Operator: Next question comes from Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs.
Kane Hannan: Can you just update us on the progress you’ve been making, pushing to the New York market and then whether that was the main driver of the increased customers you called out in the release?
Robert Thomson: Certainly, we’re rare making genuine inroads it into New York where historically realtor.com hasn't had a particularly powerful presence and overall, the audience at realtor in the quarter was 61 million monthly. That was up 10% in April. 65 million. So we're still seeing a continued growth, not only in New York, but around the country. And there's much discussion at the moment about the general health of the housing market in the US. So listing volumes down about 7.2% year-on-year at present. But when you look at the broader trends in the US economy, we're clearly going through a phase or at least I would argue on route to significantly more liquidity.  The March seasonally adjusted annualized figures for sales around 5.6 million, the median sales price was up 5.8% to around 250,400. And significantly, the number of homes in the US seriously underwater in Q2 2012, that was 28.6 of US homes seriously underwater, that's down to 9.5% of homes. And given the issue with the market at the moment is not a problem of the demand, but a problem with supply and a compounding factor in the past has been a lack of job security, what -- with the strength in the US job market, you will see more people more confident about moving homes to a better job, job really means mobility, mobility means people moving and that will be good for business.
Operator: Next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis: I was hoping you could give a little bit more detail on digital subscription growth at the journal, where you’re incrementally more promotional during the quarter to drive subs, where are you sourcing them from and bigger picture, you have obviously been vocal on Google and Facebook, any thoughts there on movement in terms of monetization of news content on digital platforms?
Robert Thomson: John, entitled digital paid subscribers at the journal were up 24%, so they're now 62% of overall subs. We're seeing a broad based interest in the journal, obviously, it's a business oriented publication, but also one with general appeal for a certain demographic and that is quite broad. The other thing to bear in mind with those subscriptions is that each of them is an opportunity to upsell to higher priced, higher yielding professional information.  From a broader perspective, our concern has not just been for publications, which of course is our prime concern, but also for an ecosystem, which was digitally dysfunctional, one in which premium content was actually diminished in stature by the very fact that in Google searches, you won’t basically able to find it. That has changed and we applaud that measure by Google, but as I mentioned, that's really step one on the pathway to prominence. So we're engaged and thankfully these days, unlike the past, many more publishers are engaged, not only in the US, but globally and also more governments are engaged in the debate over what the digital landscape should like. And with more focus on that ecosystem, more focus on prominence, there should be more opportunity for us for more profits.
Susan Panuccio: I think I’d just also add to your question as well, we are obviously looking to expand the offering internationally in the education with students as well, but what is pleasing is the ARPU is holding up so I think that's important even as we go to this broader base. I think the other part to your question was about our office and I think it's important to note that we haven't changed our intro office in the US. So I have to remain consistent with starting that obviously that digital growth and the ARPU growth.
Operator: The next question comes from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: My question is around the new subscription video services segment. Could you give us some idea on the expectations for cost growth within the segment, given in FY19, so looking beyond the current year, particularly given the acquisition of the cricket rights? And I know you've obviously spoken about using over the top products in a dedicated cricket channel but just interested in whether you think you can regroup those costs?
Robert Thomson: Clearly, a problem for Foxtel and Fox Sports has been the sum allowed where they wanting the compelling sports offering, which is why we acquired the cricket rights for six years and one, cost of that sum alone a lot has been significant churn. And with churn comes cost. So we are very confident that the team will put together a compelling summer package that will make Foxtel a year round experience. It’s a little early for us to give you details -- meaningful details about the level of investment in the coming, year as Susan mentioned, we will be focusing on the development of OTT and frankly addressing issues that in the past have been problematic at Foxtel around the user interface, we want a user interface that is not in your face. And there is a real opportunity, given the new structure at Foxtel, the clearer management lines and the new team under the leadership of Patrick Delaney to take advantage of what is a peerless portfolio of sports and entertainment rights.
Susan Panuccio: And I think I’ll sort of just add, our key priorities, whilst we don’t give out guidance obviously on cost going forward and what that may look like, is to stabilize the broadcast proposition and cricket is clearly going to be an important of that as Robert mentioned, particularly over the summer months to have a look at churn and the portfolio going forward. We are looking to expand the rollout of the [indiscernible] and invest in the new box going forward and so that will be something that you will see going forward and we're also looking to improve the customer service obviously to get more customers in. We’ve also mention that we're looking to expand the OTT propositions and we want to look at sports as well as non-sports genre, but we also are right sizing the cost base. So, there's been a lot of cost work actually done today, so even before the merger happened and the pain down there is still heavily focused on looking at getting costs out, so they can balance that up with the reinvestment that we're looking at. So, there's going to be lots of activity obviously that's going to happen going forward, but it always in the quest to drive subscribers at a higher value going forward.
Operator: Next question comes from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Q - Eric Katz: You mentioned earlier potentially reviewing the portfolio in Australia. Have you identified assets at this point? Can you size it? What's the timeline and why now?
Susan Panuccio: I think we generally don't comment on obviously forward-looking acquisitions or divestments and I think that's a practice that we’ll stick to, but what we have said in the past is that we are always looking at our asset portfolio. We have been very clear that we're looking to simplify the portfolio and drive profitable growth. And to that end, we obviously will look at any opportunities that come our way in relation to the assets that we have down there.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: I guess a similar question. What was the circulation revenue for Wall Street Journal Australia and UK with or without turns on a year over year basis? And then separately Susan, if I could ask housekeeping question, you gave a lot of D&A numbers, but is the quarterly D&A number starting here in the June quarter going to be roughly about 170 million where is that going to fall out, is it about 100 last quarter.
Susan Panuccio: Thanks, Craig. I think so in relation to your first question, in relation to the circulation, so in local currency, we are expecting Dow Jones to be up about 12%, Wall Street Journal up about 12%. We’re expecting local currency to be down 5% and these, we're expecting to be relatively stable. In relation -- what was your question in relation to the D&A sorry?
Craig Huber: What was the D&A for the upcoming quarter for the whole companies, including Foxtel, is that 170 million or something.
Susan Panuccio: We don't comment on obviously Craig, on the forward looking projections, but obviously as they become clearer, we will communicate those.
Craig Huber: What would they ask for March quarter if you had it all already in there Foxtel?
Susan Panuccio: We have that in the prepared comments actually. We read that out. We had D&A for the first nine months totaled 187 million, including 69 million for the quarter and then we also amortized an additional 49 million year to date, or 17 million for the quarter in relation to the CMH acquisition.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Just out of interest, does Mr. Rupert Murdoch still spend much time thinking and talking about News Corp businesses or do you think he's increasingly more preoccupied with what's going on in Fox.
Robert Thomson: Well, I can only speak for our experience which is that Rupert is very much engaged in the company, actively so, as Executive Chairman. He is across all the businesses and his level of interest remains intense.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Raymond Tong with Evans and Partners.
Unidentified Analyst: Robin in. Susan, you mentioned that you have passed the 40 million sort of cost out Target this year for News Corp Australia, can you maybe talk about sort of further cost out opportunities in also, you mentioned exploring sort of potentially sharing printing costs with Fairfax, can you maybe just discuss that a little bit please.
Susan Panuccio: So the team in Australia continue to remain focused on how they can drive those efficiencies down and they have been looking right across the business, whether it's back office functions and organizational redesign and there's been some announcements that have come out in the market out there, anyway over the previous couple of months. In relation to the industry solutions, I think as I said globally we’re actively looking at whether they are opportunities from a press side facility as well as the distribution facilities and we will continue to explore those options.  Obviously, they need to make sense for both book parties and they can be quite detailed and join our commercial negotiations, but we have had tremendous success with those negotiations over in the UK and we’ve had much success and we have no reason to believe that we can't draw similar conclusions in other markets that we're having a look at. So the team do continue to remain focused on replacing legacy systems, removing antiquated practices and draw I think efficiencies by those means and we believe that there's still opportunities where they can continue to get cost out going forward.
Operator: And there are no further phone questions at this time. So I'd like to turn the call back over to Mike Florin for any additional or closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Thank you for all participating. Thank you for your help Sophie. Have a great day and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-02-11 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Florin - SVP and Head, IR Robert Thomson - CEO Susan Panuccio - CFO
Analysts: Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Brian Han - Morningstar Eric Katz - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day and welcome to News Corp 2Q FY 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Media is invited on a listen-only basis. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Justin. Hello everyone and welcome to News Corp's fiscal second quarter 2018 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. The robust results for the first half of this fiscal year highlight the virtue of our strategy to become increasingly digital and global, the discipline of our financial management, and our commitment to premium content and to high quality, high integrity news. Second quarter revenues grew 3% to $2.2 billion and reported total segment EBITDA was up 1% to $329 million. First half revenues were up 4% and reported segment EBITDA rose 27%. Clearly, there are profound changes taking place in the creation and the distribution of digital content. The big tech disruptors are in the midst of a particularly disruptive period commercially, socially, and politically. We appreciate that Google has ended the prejudicial First Click Free and that Facebook is prioritizing provenance, but these are modest steps towards changing a digital environment that is dysfunctional and sometimes dystopian. With the support of Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch and the clear backing of the News Corp Board, our company has long been the strongest international advocate of necessary changes to this mephitic landscape. It is certainly in the interests of our shareholders that there be a digital reorientation towards quality and integrity and that more people are encouraged to pay for professional journalism. There is a social and commercial value to journalism, but that value needs to be valued by the digital publishing platforms. The bot-infested badlands are hardly a safe space for advertisers, whose brands are being tarnished by association with the extreme, the violent, and the repulsive. Now, let's get into the details of this quarter's results. I'll start with Digital Real Estate Services, which once again reported a strong quarter with 21% revenue growth and 25% EBITDA growth, solidifying its role as a significant engine of expansion at News Corp. At Move, home of Realtor.com, revenues rose by 18% and core real estate revenues expanded by a healthy 22%. Realtors' connections for buyers' products continues to thrive, with accelerated traffic growth as well as a continued boost in customer and lead volume in the second quarter. There is an ongoing drive to increase the profile of Realtor.com as we have the highest consumer engagement and highest ROI for agents and brokers based on our latest records. We're also making a concerted push in the New York market with an emphasis on having the most extensive listings and always enlightening editorial. The Realtor.com road map includes enhancements to our software and services products, which we believe provide best-in-class leads for brokers and the most comprehensive suite of essential tools. Realtor.com will also continue to focus on driving engagement with My Home, which extends usage beyond search and discovery and allows owners to claim their home online and provides data that will be the basis of added value adjacencies. REA maintains a healthy lead over its stumbling competitor in Australia's digital real estate market with 24% revenue growth year-over-year. Since the launch of home loans, which is part of the company's broader expansion into financial services, REA had over 150,000 self-completed financial profiles by the end of January. Traffic continued to expand this quarter with REA maintaining a sizable lead over the number two player in the market. We saw yet another strong quarter in Book Publishing with solid EBITDA growth at HarperCollins. There were vigorous sales from our children's backlist and for Bad Dad by the multitalented David Walliams in the U.K. Meanwhile, the success of Ree Drummond's Pioneer Woman Cooks recipe book was yet another indicator of the power of America's heartland [ph] audience. We're excited by the early success of A. J. Finn's debut novel, The Woman in the Window, which came out in January and the ongoing success of The Subtle Art of Not Giving an expletive. We continue to look for ways to leverage our unique titles and creativity. As announced during this past quarter, Amazon plans to license The Lord of the Rings rights for the creation of an original television series, underscoring the great value of our backlist. As J. R. R. Tolkien himself wrote, "Still round the corner there may wait a new road or secret gate." The performance of the News and Information Services segment was relatively stable, with notable improvements in profit contribution from the U.K. and Australia. At Dow Jones, circulation revenue growth remained robust with a 10% increase year-over-year. We are nearing the short-term goal of 3 million total subscribers, with 2.8 million subscribers to Dow Jones consumer products in the quarter. The Wall Street Journal experienced an approximate 12% increase in circulation revenues year-over-year. Meanwhile, our Professional Information business is muscular, powered by risk and compliance, which grew over 40% this quarter. Companies simply must invest in reducing risk and enhancing compliance, and Dow Jones has the necessary tools in both of these imperative areas. At the New York Post, digital ad growth was a robust 35% and represented 60% of total ad revenues for the quarter. This quarter, we launched News IQ, our premium digital advertising platform, which has authenticated audiences and the highest quality journalism and content in the U.S. There's keen interest in leveraging our first-party data and brand enhancing environments, which are in stark contrast to the tainted placements on so many digital platforms. The power of News IQ also comes from concentrated collaboration across many of our business units, which will intensify as we drive our advertising business in the U.S. and pursue longer term plans of global expansion. At News UK, we saw modest ad growth for the first time since 2011, driven by emerging digital ad revenue growth at The Sun where there were over 90 million global average monthly uniques in the second quarter. Importantly, we continue to see improved engagement in the U.K. audience, highlighted by higher page views and minutes per session, according to comScore data. The increasingly popular Sun Savers program, which grew to more than 490,000 registrations as of this week, is expected to generate higher levels of engagement. It is also allowing us to gather permissioned data on readers, traditionally difficult for a paper with strong newsstand sales. Meanwhile, The Times and Sunday Times continue to gain market share and digital subscribers grew 20% versus the prior year. At Wireless Group, we saw improvement in revenues at its stations -- as its stations extended their reach and listening hours. Wireless is now home to two of the U.K.'s fastest growing stations, led by Virgin Radio, which grew its reach by over 60% year-over-year based on the latest independent data and talkSPORT 2, up about 40% in reach during the same period. It is worth noting that Unruly had its best quarter ever in terms of total revenue, led by particularly buoyant growth in the U.S. As announced last week, the astute and acute Norm Johnson is assuming the CEO role at Unruly, and Co-Founder Sarah Wood will become chair of the Unruly Board and continue to exercise a positive influence. News Corp Australia remained the largest print and digital publisher with an audience of approximately 16 million per month. We saw an acceleration in digital advertising revenue growth, reflecting several changes in the sales structure that better aligned our teams with the evolving need of advertisers. And we remain focused on cost management initiatives to improve operating efficiency, resulting in higher contribution to profitability. Susan, who has just returned from Australia, will shortly elaborate on these positive developments. The Australian continued to grow digital subscribers, crossing the 100,000 mark for the first time. Significantly more than 50% of its paid weekday volume is now digital. On the proposed combination of Foxtel and Fox Sports, we received both ACCC and FIRB approvals and are in the process of finalizing what is a complex arrangement with Telstra. That focus has given us an opportunity to begin the reshaping of the two companies, and the first step was the appointment of a new Foxtel CEO, the excellent Patrick Delaney. We would like to thank his predecessor, Peter Tonagh, for his sterling contribution during a transitional period and to News Corp over many years. Once again, this strong quarter showcased the benefits of News Corp's digital strategy, the value of being disciplined on cost and the efficacy of ever-increasing cooperation among our companies. Before I turn the platform over to Susan to expand on our results, one final word about taxes. Passage of tax reform in the United States should be beneficial to our company and our people, our investors, and our customers. At the founding of the new News, we had strong confidence in the potential for U.S. growth. We have invested significantly in U.S. Digital Real Estate and U.S. Book Publishing, for example, and expect to reap even greater rewards, thanks to the tax reform program, which will make the country a better place to do business and creates more opportunities for all Americans. And now over to Susan.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Turning to the financials, we delivered another quarter of strong operating results. Fiscal 2018 second quarter total revenues were around $2.2 billion, an increase of $64 million or 3% compared to the prior year, led by our Digital Real Estate Services segment. Reported total segment EBITDA was $329 million, up from $325 million in the prior year. For the quarter, earnings per share were a loss of $0.14 compared to a loss of $0.50 in the prior year. This quarter's results include a charge related to the remission of deferred tax asset due to the lowering of the U.S. corporate tax rate. I'll discuss in a few moments the expected impact from the U.S. tax reform going forward. You may recall the prior year period included a pretax non-cash impairment charge of $310 million related to The Australian publishing division fixed assets and a $227 million pretax non-cash write-down related to the adjustment of the carrying value of the company's investment in Foxtel. Adjusted earnings per share, which excludes both items and the other items shown in the press release reconciliation table, were $0.24 compared to $0.19 in the prior year. Turning now to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were $1.3 billion, relatively flat with the prior year. The acquisition of Australian Regional Media or ARM and foreign exchange contributed $30 million and $33 million, respectively, this quarter. Within segment revenues, advertising was down 6% and circulation and subscription revenues increased 6%. Within our core news businesses, Dow Jones revenues rose 1%, News U.K. grew by 7%, and News Australia grew by 4%. These increases were offset by a 16% decline at News America Marketing as we flagged during the last earnings call. More revenue details will be provided in the 10-Q filing tomorrow. Segment EBITDA this quarter was $140 million, down $2 million versus the prior year as year-over-year improvements at News U.K. and News Australia were more than offset by weaknesses at News America Marketing and higher marketing costs at Dow Jones. A few highlights to mention from the segment. We saw digital subscription growth across our News businesses. At Dow Jones, circulation revenues grew 10%, the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, benefiting from 29 percentage points growth in WSJ digital-only subscribers and higher subscription ARPU. Digital now accounts for over 50% of Dow Jones circulation revenue. We also saw strong digital subscriber growth at The Times and The Sunday Times, up 20% from Q2 2017 and at News Australia up 26%, including a contribution from ARM. At Dow Jones, we are also building on the renewed momentum at our Professional Information business, which posted eight percentage points revenue growth, thanks to the continued strong performance from risk and compliance as Robert mentioned. We posted the highest revenue levels since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. Advertising continues to be mixed across the respective divisions. Within the businesses, we saw advertising growth in the U.K. of 9% or 2% in local currency, the first increase in 27 quarters, driven by digital advertising growth from The Sun with a global audience that reached over 90 million monthly unique users in the second quarter as well as moderating print advertising decline. While at News Australia, advertising revenues improved three percentage points, but still had an overall decline of 10% versus the prior year after excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions and divestitures, which was consistent with the previous quarter. And at Dow Jones, advertising was down mid-teens, a slight acceleration on the trend from the first quarter. The closure of The Wall Street Journal international print edition impacted Dow Jones advertising revenues by $6 million or four percentage points for the quarter. International expansion continues to be a strategic focus for Dow Jones. And despite the print closure, our total Wall Street Journal international subscriber base still grew 28% versus the prior year. We continue to push very hard on our cost transformation program, notably in Australia with savings expected to be well ahead of the AUD40 million realized last year. The program extends across every area from overheads to advertising sales consolidation to newsprint and production and photography. This quarter, as Robert mentioned, News Australia's profitability improved and increased its contribution to segment EBITDA. With the integration of ARM, we continue to actively look at optimizing the broader Australian portfolio with a focus on profitable growth. We had a similar story in the U.K. which also drove higher profitability this quarter. Finally, at News America Marketing, revenues were impacted by ongoing weakness in free standing insert revenues, which had two fewer inserts versus the prior year and lower custom publishing as well as slightly lower revenues from in-store products, impacted by fewer new consumer product launches this year. Part of the decline was timing-related, and we should see a sequential improvement this coming quarter. Turning to our Book Publishing segment, we posted a solid quarter despite facing a difficult prior year comparable quarter. Revenues for the quarter increased approximately 1% to $469 million and segment EBITDA increased 7% to $80 million. Titles to highlight this quarter included Bad Dad by David Walliams in the U.K. and Pioneer Woman Cooks: Come and Get It! by Ree Drummond as well as strong performances from the children's backlist, including The Hate U Give by Angie Thomas and a few titles from Shel Silverstein, including The Giving Tree. Christian Publishing revenues were lower than the prior year due to the absence of sales from the release of The Magnolia Story, which was amongst our most successful titles last year. Prior year revenues also benefited from Settle for More and Hillbilly Elegy. Overall, the backlist contributed approximately 53% of revenues in the quarter, up from 49% last year. Total digital revenues for the quarter grew 2% and represented 16% of consumer revenue, in line with the prior year due to the strength in downloadable audiobooks. In the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues increased 21% to $292 million. Reported segment EBITDA was $119 million versus $95 million last year, up 25%. REA Group revenues grew 24% due to very strong residential debt revenue growth in Australia, including higher penetration for Premiere All, the integration of the Smartline acquisition and modest benefit from currency. In Australia, while total residential listings were marginally lower, listings grew in the key markets of Melbourne and Sydney. The results were also impacted by the sale of the European business last year. Please refer to REA's earnings release in their conference call, which will commence shortly after this call for additional details. Move revenues rose 18% to $110 million versus the prior year, driven by a very strong performance from connection suppliers, which is benefiting from strong lead growth -- from strong growth in lead volume as well as improving pricing optimization and inventory management. The prior year included $2 million related to TigerLead, which was divested in November 2016. Average monthly unique users at Realtor.com were over 50 million for the quarter, rising mid-teens compared to the prior year. In Cable Network Programming, revenues increased $16 million or 15% to $120 million compared to the prior year quarter, driven by the inclusion of Sky News, which added approximately $8 million to revenues and higher affiliate fees from Foxtel. Segment EBITDA in the quarter fell to $33 million from $51 million, primarily due to the phasing of programming amortization related to the NRL contract, which led to approximately $22 million of higher costs this quarter. We also incurred approximately $2 million related to the proposed combination of Foxtel-Fox Sports, which was excluded from adjusted EBITDA. With respect to equity losses from affiliates, equity losses were $18 million this quarter compared to losses of $238 million last year, which included the write-down related to the adjustment of the carrying value of the company's investment in Foxtel. Foxtel revenues for the second quarter declined 1% to $598 million and EBITDA decreased 19% due to planned increases in sports programming costs of $23 million, primarily related to The Australian Football League rights, partially offset by lower sales and marketing costs. On operating metrics, Foxtel's total closing subscribers were approximately 2.8 million as of December 31st, 2017, which was lower than the prior year, primarily due to the shutdown of Presto. In the second quarter, cable and satellite churn was 14.5%, down from 15.6% and broadcast ARPU was down 2%. Regarding the pending transaction with Fox Sports, we were pleased with The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission's and The Foreign Investment Review Board's decisions to approve the combination of Foxtel and Fox Sports into a new company. As Robert has mentioned, commercial negotiations with Telstra are ongoing, and the transaction remains on track to close, subject to Board approval in the first half of calendar 2018. On the impact for the company from the recently approved U.S. tax reform package, I would like to make a few points. The $174 million charge in this quarter primarily reflects the remeasurement of our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities at the lower statutory federal rate of 21% from 35%. As we are on a June 30th fiscal year end, the impact of the lower corporate tax rate will be phased in, resulting in a U.S. statutory federal tax rate of approximately 28% for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2018 and a 21% U.S. statutory federal rate for fiscal years thereafter. Our effective tax rate should be modestly higher, given our significant business operations in Australia where the corporate tax rate remains at 30%. Looking forward to the third quarter, there are a few comments I would like to make. At News and Information Services, at this point, advertising trends appear broadly in line with the second quarter, but visibility remains limited. At Fox Sports Australia, we expect to face higher costs in the third quarter due to the amortization of NRL rights throughout the year, similar to the impact in the second quarter. We expect approximately AUD30 million in higher costs for the third quarter compared to the prior year, with the full year costs expected to increase by AUD30 million to AUD40 million as previously mentioned. In Book Publishing, overall trends remain favorable. As Robert mentioned, we're very excited about A. J. Finn's The Woman in The Window, which is off to a great start. This quarter, we also have the release of Amy Krouse Rosenthal and her daughter, Paris Rosenthal's Dear Girl, another bestseller in its early weeks. At Digital Real Estate Services, we expect continued strong revenue growth at REA, including incremental revenues from the expansion into the mortgage brokerage business. However, as noted in its ASX announcement, REA expects to see higher cost growth in the third quarter and listings will be impacted by the timing of Easter, which will fall in the third quarter. We also expect to see higher investment spending at Move to support new products and to drive higher engagement. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi Robert, hi Susan. My question is around Foxtel and Fox Sports. And I just wanted to get your perspective on the combined entities appetite to bid for cricket rights in Australia, given they're coming up for tender very shortly. And is there any change in strategy for the entity under Patrick Delaney as CEO which, Robert, you've obviously spoken about?
Robert Thomson: Entcho thanks. For those of you who are not familiar with sport in Australia, cricket is, for many people, an interesting game. It's complicated. It has various forms, the five-day tests, one-days, Big Bash, 20-over games. And clearly, it's a part of the Australian summer and Australian viewing in the summer that we're interested in, but it will be fascinating over coming weeks to track the negotiations for cricket rights, but it's pretty fair to say that we aren't going to pay ridiculous prices for any rights anywhere in the world. But what we do have for any sport is the best possible platform for engagement, both through broadcast and digital. And also, we have, as you just mentioned, Patrick Delaney, who has a background in Foxtel, did a marvelous job at Fox Sports and is now overseeing Foxtel, and he'll be very much involved in guiding us on what's the appropriate course of action with cricket. And, no doubt, focusing in particular on the upcoming selling season for the winter sports, which is the most crucial sales period for us and Foxtel and, frankly, Fox Sports in the year because we have, in the autumn, the launch of the IFL season Aussie Rules and NRL, which is Rugby League, the two most watched sports in Australia.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Entcho. Justin we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. That question will come from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just what's the updated thoughts of you whether -- you have upwards of $2 billion of cash on your balance sheet. Just investors are always wondering what the plan is for that, please. Thanks.
Susan Panuccio: Hi Craig, Susan here. I think it's a good question and we've talked about this before. We continue to remain focused on investment with that cash and we would continue to look at opportunities that may arise. But we do remain flexible to having a look at any option that retains value for our shareholders.
Craig Huber: Thank you.
Mike Florin: And thank you, Craig. Justin we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Certainly. That question will come from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Thank you. In the News and Information segment, how much in cost reduction was banked in the second quarter results? And also how thick do you think the [Indiscernible] is there before it starts to impact on your product quality?
Susan Panuccio: So, I think the actual -- when you look at the numbers, it looks like the costs are relatively flat, but if you exclude M&A and currency, the costs are actually down 5% quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. So, I think we remain very pleased with the cost reduction work that those businesses are doing, particularly in Australia and across the U.K. As far as focusing on whether it impacts on our product, we continue to look at back office, overheads, corporate functions. We look at platform consolidation, production and manufacturing, which we constantly can continue to find cost savings with as the businesses rationalize. So, I think we remain very comfortable that we're getting the balance right between cost reduction and reinvestment in our digital properties and, in fact, our print properties going forward.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Brian. Justin we'll take our next question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz: Thank you. You guys are seeing some nice growth in circulation and subscription revenue. But how should we think about the impact on advertising as more people migrate to digital? I assume that there's a different sort of economics around digital advertising versus print. So, any color would be helpful there. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, we're still in the midst of obviously a transition from print. Print, which remains a strong platform, and we're seeing that with a new real estate magazine that we're launching in coming months, which is oversubscribed by advertisers. So, don't discount print. But the digital market itself really is in the midst of our people where you have both advertisers and ad agencies reviewing their role in the market. A great deal of concern about the sort of environments in which famous prestigious advertisers find themselves. And I think what we are gradually going to see, and I think we have little doubt about this, is that there will be a migration to premium and that's where we have a comparative advantage because titles around the world are the leading titles in their markets. And to supplement that, we are creating News IQ, which is our own in-house based advertising platform, taking advantage of the great inventory we have and the authenticated audiences we have and being able to offer advertisers an opportunity to project their image and their wares in a space that won't be detrimental to their image, but brand enhancing.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Eric. Justin, we'll take our next question.
Operator: That does conclude the question-and-answer session. And I'll now turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Florin: Great. Thank you, Justin and thank you for all participating. Have a great day.
Operator: Well, thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-11-11 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Florin - Senior Vice President and Head, Investor Relations Robert Thomson - Chief Executive Officer Susan Panuccio - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Brian Han - Morningstar Raymond Tong - Evans and Partners Brian Han - Morningstar
Operator: Please standby. We’re about to begin. Good day. And welcome to the News Corp.’s First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. Media is allowed to join today’s conference in a listen-only basis. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much Janet. Hello, everyone. And welcome to News Corp.’s fiscal first quarter 2018 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago and it is now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks and then we will be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp.’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp.’s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson, for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. Our new fiscal year is off to a sterling start, with robust results reflecting our steadfast strategy to pursue global and digital expansion, and to create a cogently balanced revenue mix. In the first quarter, revenues and EBITDA increased across every segment of our business compared to the same quarter last year, with particularly strong growth in digital real estate, where we continue to be the world’s largest and leading company. In summary, revenues grew 5% to $2.1 billion and reported total segment EBITDA grew 92% to reach $249 million, up from $130 million in the prior year. Adjusted total segment EBITDA grew 46%. Reported earnings per share grew to $0.12 versus loss of $0.03 in the prior year. These results truly underscore the increasing strength of digital real estate and how it has positively transformed the character of News Corp., and positioned us for further growth in the future. We can also see the tangible benefits of our sustained commitment to cost reduction, while we continue to invest in the highest quality content. In August, we and Telstra in Australia announced a non-binding agreement to combine Foxtel and FOX SPORTS, with News Corp owning 65% of the new company. Pending definitive documentation and regulatory approval, we expect to close in the first half of calendar year 2018. Combining Foxtel and FOX SPORTS and providing News Corp with majority control should give us a better opportunity to take advantage of fortified scale to leverage our immensely valuable sports and entertainment rights, as well as a boosting our ability to collect commissioned customer data. We await regulatory approval and discussion over details continues with our partner, Telstra. But once completed, the combined company is expected to make a substantial contribution to our revenue and EBITDA and fundamentally transform the nature of News Corp. There was another fundamental change last month, which also bodes well for our future and that of other premium news provider. Google said it would end First Click Free, a seemingly innocently titled policy that undermined business models and damaged providence in societies by banishing premium subscription content. As many of you are aware, Rupert, Lachlan and I, along with our colleagues at News Corp have long taken a principled and often solitary stand to protect intellectual property and safeguard journalism, so we appreciate this significant first step taken by Google. We will of course be monitoring the effect of this change across our mastheads even as we continue our discussions with Google and with Facebook about the ways we can profitably connect readers with our mastheads. We continue to be deeply concerned by the abusive algorithms and by an adulterated digital ad market, which had promised transparency, but has delivered opacity, undermining the confidence of advertisers in the digital marketplace. It is clear that advertisers want their products to be promoted on sites that enhance, not tarnish their image and that they want metrics that are reliable, not risible. And while on the subject of premium content, let us delve into the News and Information segment, which fared well this quarter, with digital subscriptions up at The Wall Street Journal and at other mastheads across the company. Despite the continued challenging advertising trends, our cost consciousness and steady circulation growth helped to drive EBITDA growth of 59% in the segment. At Dow Jones, digital accounted for 60% of revenues, a record number. Circulation revenues grew 11% and professional information business revenues increased by 5%, led by risk and compliance with a strong 35% increase year-over-year. We saw continued subscriber volume growth at The Wall Street Journal with over 2.2 million total subscribers, approximately 60% of them digital. The ongoing implementation of the WSJ 2020 strategy helped to reduce costs, while increasing efficiency. At the New York Post, we saw digital audience growth of 30% to 84 million unique visitors in September compared to the prior year. Clearly, our U.S. mastheads have a large audience, respected brands and measurable meaningful metrics. With the upcoming launch of News IQ, our premium digital advertising platform, we will leverage our quality journalism to connect advertisers with our fast growing U.S. audience, which reached 115 million monthly unique visitors in September. That number is de-duped unlike many inflated numbers in the digital world, better to be de-duped than duped. At news in Australia, we emerged as the number one digital network across all key categories. And total digital subscribers across our mastheads including ARM grew more than 30% to over 375,000. Meanwhile, costs continue to be diligently managed by Michael Miller and his team as the composition of the business evolves. Susan Panuccio will explain shortly in more detail. At News U.K., Sun Digital continues to outpace the competition in growth across all devices with 85 million monthly average unique globally in the quarter based on [ph] IDCE (7:09). We are also gaining on the competition in the U.K. and according to comScore U.K., Sun Digital is now the largest news brand on mobile in the U.K. Audience engagement is on the rise and digital advertising revenues doubled versus the prior year. This summer saw the launch of the Sun Savers Digital Reward program targeted for casual print buyers. By the end of the first quarter there were approximately 300,000 registered users, each of whom had provided extra day to intelligence in return for genuine discounts from select Sun partners. Total subscriptions were up across The Times and The Sunday Times as well, exceeding 450,000 at quarter’s end, driven in part by new subscriptions campaign. Digital subscriptions grew 17% in the quarter to 212,000, proving that high quality journalism will attract a discerning paying audience. Meanwhile at Wireless Group, which Rebekah Brooks and her team have successfully integrated, we saw the arrival of high profile talent, particularly at talkSPORT radio, spurring both digital audience growth and internet-only listening. We have also made progress with exclusive sports rights, including a four-fight boxing package and the NFL, which is growing in popularity in the U.K. In a world of murky social media and user generated content, which is too often abuser generated content, Storyful is playing an increasing -- increasingly important role verifying facts and assisting companies and brands subject to virulent attacks. Storyful under its new CEO, Sharb Farjami, can not only sit fact from fiction but provide risk analysis for its expanding roster of clients. Turning to digital real estate, overall segment EBITDA is up 42% with 20% revenue growth, meaning that the segment was once again the biggest contributor to News Corp’s profitability. At Move, home of Realtor.com, we saw core real estate revenues grow 21% as the U.S. property market continued its gradual recovery from the financial crisis. From a macro perspective, only 5.4% of mortgage holders were underwater compared to 7.1% last year and a peak of 26% in 2009 according to CoreLogic. Overall revenue growth of 15% was partially offset by the $3 million decline in revenue associated with the TigerLead divestiture last November when we chose to focus on the core leads in listening space business. Excluding the impact from the sale, we saw growth at Move of 19% in total, putting it in prime position to benefit from the continuing recovery in real estate. We are also increasing our focus on New York City, where Realtor.com is developing its services, brand and reputation, taking advantage of the conflict between a lesser competitor and real estate companies, agents and brokers, who have wearied of its arrogance and impetuosity, and who rightly fear its long-term ambition to disintermediate agents and brokers. Across the nation Realtor.com has the most MLS listed for sale homes that are updated every 15 minutes to the benefit of vendors, potential buyers and realtors. In Australia at REA, we’re empowering consumers with REA’s acquisition of Smartline, a savvy mortgage broking franchise and its new home loan business, which is being developed in conjunction with National Australia Bank. Building the financial segment of the business has been an important component of REA’s growth strategy and the extension into the more huge broker business is a sensible step forward. Meanwhile, REA remains the clear leader in Australia’s digital real estate markets, with the listing environment performing particularly well in Sydney and Melbourne, and the core residential business remaining very strong. We saw another solid quarter in Book Publishing, where HarperCollins experienced both revenue and EBITDA growth, powered by the continued success of Hillbilly Elegy and The Subtle Art of Not Giving an Expletive, as well as the strength of new releases such as Daniel Silva’s House of Spies, Karin Slaughter’s The Good Daughter and others. New for the second quarter, we have Capital Gaines by Chip Gaines, the latest addition of the popular series, The Pioneer Woman Cooks by Ree Drummond and Bruce Dickinson’s autobiography. As you erudite folk on the call well appreciate, Mr. Dickinson is the lead vocalist of Iron Maiden. Looking ahead, HarperCollins is taking advantage of its global English rights to Agatha Christie’s Murder on the Orient Express to market the book in conjunction with the imminent release of Fox’s movie of the same name. The denouement is worth the price of both the film and the book. At Foxtel, there was improved volume growth in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of the last fiscal year led by the strength of Foxtel Now. Foxtel also benefited from lower churn in the quarter and this week, the company announced the launch of a new IP streaming device as it focuses on improving the user experience. FOX SPORTS Australia had revenue growth due to higher affiliate revenues, which more than offset lower ad revenues and the network also saw a boost from the McGregor Mayweather fight, which highlighted the potential value of pay-per-view offerings in a sports hungry Australia. We’re excited about the upcoming launch of Watch NRL, a global IP product, which follows the success of Watch IFL as we continue to expand the breadth of product offering of FOX SPORTS Australia and proselytize the virtues of Australian sports. Before I turn things over to our esteemed CFO, Susan Panuccio, it is worth reiterating that our first quarter was an auspicious way to begin a new fiscal year, with revenue growth and increased profitability across the company. We saw the fruits of much labor to make this a more global and digital company, one increasingly defined by its growing digital real estate business and complemented by more recurring revenues from our cable and satellite businesses, and subscription media offerings. We do have reason for optimism about the future of our premium mastheads in light of Google’s reforms and our ongoing discussions with Facebook. And most importantly, because of the enduring quality of our journalism, across our properties, we believe in providence and assure that increasingly there will be a premium for the premium. Over to you, Susan.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you, Robert. Turning to the financials, we delivered very strong operating results for the first fiscal quarter of 2018. We reported fiscal 2018 first quarter total revenues of around $2.1 billion, an increase of $93 million or 5% compared to the prior year. Of that increase, acquisitions and divestments accounted for $51 million and currency added $26 million, with the balance being operational, excluding those items adjusted revenues grew 1%. Reported total segment EBITDA was $249 million, compared to $130 million in the prior year, up 92% versus the prior year. Reported results include a benefit of $46 million from the reversal of previously accrued net liabilities related to certain employment taxes in the U.K. Excluding the net impact of acquisitions, divestments, foreign currency and the U.K. newspaper matters, adjusted total segment EBITDA this quarter grew 46%. For the quarter, earnings per share were $0.12, compared to a loss of $0.03 in the prior year and adjusted earnings per share were $0.07, compared to a loss of $0.01 in the prior year. Turning now to the individual operating segments, in News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were $1.2 billion, up 2% compared to the prior year. The Wireless Group and the Australian Regional Media or ARM acquisitions contributed $54 million and FX contributed $14 million this quarter. Within segment revenues, advertising was flat and circulation and subscription revenues increased 3%. News and Information Services reported segment EBITDA this quarter was $73 million or up 59% versus the prior year, led by an improvement at Dow Jones, ongoing cost initiatives, lower investment spending at Checkout 51 and the absence of transaction costs related to the acquisition of Wireless Group in the prior year. I will now look at the performance for the quarter across our key operation divisions. At Dow Jones total revenues rose 2%. Within that advertising revenue declined 10% versus the prior year and saw a modest improvement from the fourth quarter decline due to a slight uplift in financial spending, while the business to consumer and technology categories remained challenging. Digital accounted for approximately 38% of Dow Jones advertising revenues this quarter, the highest percentage in its history, up from 33% in financial year ‘17. Total subscriber volumes at The Wall Street Journal across all formats was over 2.2 million, a 13% year-over-year increase, driven by higher digital only subscriptions, which rose approximately 36% versus the prior year to $1.3 million and represented 58% of the total subscribers versus 48% in the prior year. Year-over-year circulation revenue growth at Dow Jones was 11% for the quarter, driven by the digital volume gains and higher subscription pricing. As mentioned by Robert, professional information business revenues grew 5% in the first quarter, continuing to accelerate from prior quarter levels led by risk and compliance, which grew 35% marking strongest year-over-year performance since 2014. In Q1, professional information business revenues represented slightly less than one-third of Dow Jones revenues. The Wall Street Journal 2020 program, as previously discussed is not only about cost transformation but also focuses on The Wall Street Journal becoming a digital first organization, including more aggressively expanding our digital offerings internationally. Over the past year, Wall Street Journal digital subscriptions have nearly doubled in Europe and have grown by almost 70% in Asia. Our international footprint is being further expanded by the global reach of our conferences, including the launch of the Tokyo CEO Council and the WSJ D.Live in Hong Kong. At News Australia, total revenues rose 4%, helped by the integration of the ARM acquisition and foreign currency benefits. Advertising revenues for the quarter increased 3% or declined 1% in local currency, helped by the acquisition of ARM. Excluding acquisitions and divestitures, advertising revenues declined approximately 10% in local currency, relatively similar to the prior quarter. Circulation revenues at News Australia increased 6% or up 2% in local currency as the acquisition of ARM, cover price increases and higher paid digital subscriptions were partially offset by print volume declines in the sale of the Sunday Times last year. Regarding our ongoing cost transformation, we remain particularly focused on News Australia, given its reliance on print and higher exposure to advertising revenues. While we are currently targeting at least AUD40 million in cost reductions this year. The team in Australia are already pacing well ahead of that as they continue to be cost focused, together with continuing their review of the broader regional and community newspaper portfolio, following the acquisition of ARM. The team’s focus in Australia is not just to remove legacy costs, but to ensure the cost structure is right-sized for the business moving forward. Australia is also making steady progress in the digital conversion, with digital subscribers across the News Australia mastheads now reaching more than 375,000 paid subscribers, including the ARM properties, which is over 30% higher than the prior year. At News U.K., total revenues were down 6%. Advertising revenues declined 9%, which is an improvement from the fourth quarter rate due to continued but moderating print advertising declines at The Times and The Sun, and an acceleration in digital advertising at The Sun, driven by higher audience and improved engagement. Circulation revenues at News U.K. were down 5% as volume declines at The Sun more than offset cover price increases. Finally, at News America Marketing, revenues fell 4% due to ongoing weakness in free-standing insert revenues, which had two fewer inserts versus the prior year. Turning to the Book Publishing segment, revenues for the quarter increased 3% to $401 million and segment EBITDA increased to 4% to $50 million. Titles to highlight this quarter included Daniel Silva’s House of Spies and Karin Slaughter’s The Good Daughter, as well as carryover sales from J.D. Vance’s Hillbilly Elegy. Total digital revenues for the quarter grew 6% to represent 21% of consumer revenues, compared to 20% in the prior year, due to strength in downloadable audiobooks. In Digital Real Estate Services, segment revenues increased 20% to $271 million and adjusted revenues increased 19%. Reported segment EBITDA was $95 million versus $67 million last year, up 42%. REA Group revenues grew 22% due to very strong residential debt revenue growth in Australia, including higher penetration for Premiere All, the integration of the Smartline acquisition and modest benefit from currency, partially offset by the divestment of the European businesses last year. Listing volume was stable this quarter, but importantly saw a pickup in New South Wales and Victoria. Please refer to REA’s earnings release and their conference call, which will commence shortly after this call for additional details. Move revenues rose approximately 15% to $107 million versus the prior year, driven by a very strong performance from connection suppliers, which is benefiting from strong growth in lead volume, as well as improved pricing optimization in inventory management. TigerLead, which was divested in November 2016, contributed $3 million of revenues in the prior period. Excluding that, revenue growth would have been approximately 19%. Average monthly unique users at Realtor.com grew to 55 million for the quarter, rising mid-single digits from the prior year. In Cable Network Programming, revenues increased $17 million or 13% to $145 million compared to the prior year quarter, driven by the inclusion of Sky News, which added $11 million to revenues and higher affiliate fees from Foxtel. Segment EBITDA in the quarter rose to $27 million from $14 million due to the phasing of programming amortization related to the rollout of the FOX LEAGUE Channel, a network dedicated to the NRL, which led to a benefit of approximately $10 million this quarter. The results also reflect lower other sports programming rights costs, including impact from the absence of Australia versus Sri Lanka cricket tour in the prior year. With respect to equity losses earnings from affiliates, equity losses were $10 million this quarter, compared to $15 million in last quarter. Foxtel revenues for the quarter rose 2% to $263 million, but declined 2% in local currency. EBITDA decreased 15% to $122 million and was down 18% in local currency due to planned increases in sports rights costs of approximately $24 million, primarily related to the new AFL contract, partially offset by lower transmission and sales and marketing costs. Regarding its operating metrics, Foxtel ended the quarter with over 2.8 million subscribers, up 2% versus the fourth quarter driven by the rollout of Foxtel Now. In the first quarter, cable and satellite churn improved to 12.7%, down from 15.5% last year. Cable and satellite ARPU for the quarter was down approximately 2% to around AUD86. For the quarter, capital expenditures were $62 million, compared to $49 million in the prior year, with increases driven by higher IT spending. However, overall CapEx in fiscal 2018 should be in line with the prior year. Looking forward to the second quarter, there are few points I would like to make. At News and Information Services, print advertising trading conditions remain challenging and visibility is limited. We expect ongoing print advertising headwinds and we will continue to focus on cost efficiencies accordingly. In addition, News America Marketing will again have two less free-standing inserts in the quarter, similar to the first quarter. We expect FOX SPORTS Australia to face higher costs in the second quarter, a reversal from quarter one due to the amortization of NRL rights throughout the year. We expect over AUD25 million in higher costs for the second quarter compared to the prior year period. For the full year, we continue to expect AUD30 million to AUD40 million in higher costs, mostly related to the NRL, much of which should be offset by higher affiliate revenues and production cost initiatives. In Book Publishing, overall trends remain favorable with digital contribution rising modestly. As Robert mentioned, notable new releases this quarter include Ree Drummond’s Pioneer Woman Cooks: Come and Get It! and Capital Gaines from Chip Gaines, co-author of The Magnolia Story. At Digital Real Estate Services, we expect continued strong growth of REA, including incremental revenues from the expansion into the mortgage brokerage business and continued growth at Realtor. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take your first question from Entcho Raykovski from Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hello, Susan. My question is around the digital subs within News and Info Services, and I mean, you’re obviously seeing some very strong growth rates year-on-year, but there has been some slight slowdown in net digital ads for the quarter. Is there any seasonality not those numbers that’s impacting those ads and if we look, say, a couple of years out, given you are still seeing strong year-on-year growth rates, where do you expect the digital subs to be for The Journal in Australia in particular?
Robert Thomson: Well, Entcho, generally, we’re very confident about digital subs, and clearly, the changes that Google have made to First Click Free, are the abolition of it will itself create an environment, an ecosystem, which is itself more conducive to subscription, because the fact was that Google was punishing, banishing premium content by not indexing it and so the early signs are positive, but they are, of course, early. But what you’ll see over the next couple of months is that sites like The Wall Street Journal in Australia and The Times, and our other subscription offerings are properly indexed by Google, that the content is properly surfaced and the propensity for people to subscribe should increase.
Mike Florin: Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: We’ll move next to Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi. I was curious to hear, you’ve done very strong performance at Realtor.com since you bought it a few years ago. Could you just tell us what you’ve -- generally what you have done there to improve the operations there dramatically, frankly, versus the prior ownership?
Robert Thomson: Thank you for that question, Craig. What we envisaged when we took over Move as it’s known, but Realtor.com as we prefer to refer to it, is that we would be able to use our media platforms to complement the Realtor platform to drive traffic, to increase engagement by improving news and analysis, and frankly, those things have happened. We’re really copying the model that Lachlan Murdoch often envisaged with the initial investment in REA back many years ago. And look, we’re not complaining for a second, because while it’s obviously strong growth there and you remember this time last year it was single-digit growth in revenue. It’s now well into double digits. We are constantly reflecting on what we can do better, how we can serve realtors more efficiently, but also how we can drive revenue and EBITDA and growth for the benefit of all our shareholders.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Craig. Operator, we will take our next question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll move next to Brian Han from Morningstar.
Brian Han: Oh! Hi. On the Foxtel, FOX SPORTS merger, have you done any work on areas where you can expect synergies and will M&A be a focus of the combined entity?
Robert Thomson: Well, as you know, the discussions are continuing with Telstra and we hoped that -- and we subject to regulatory approval, we hope that there will be agreement in the second half of the financial year. But the three reasons for doing this deal, scale, which is increasingly important in a competitive media environment, the resident brands that the combined Foxtel and FOX SPORTS will have, and the great collection of sports and entertainment content that’s inherent in the consolidation of the company. That clearly there are going to be synergies, but not just synergies, there will be an ability for us to take advantage of changes in the digital marketplace. We’re going to be digitally deft, not digitally daft, and for example, it’s not OTT to expect OTT growth in Australia and we’ll be able to prepare for that. Susan?
Susan Panuccio: Yes. Thanks, Robert. I think, Brian, one of the benefits of doing this combination will be the flexibility we have to launch new products, particularly when we move into consolidate its position where we can control it, particularly in the sports area. And of course, part of the exercise that we’re looking at the moment is where we do exact synergies between the two companies, so that’s going to be an important path going forward as well.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Brian. Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: That will come from Raymond Tong from Evans and Partners.
Raymond Tong: Hi, Robert and Susan. Just a question for you, maybe Robert, just wondering whether you could provide an update on your discussions on putting The Wall Street Journal content on the Facebook platform and you made some comments a couple months ago, but can you maybe sort of just give us sense of where you are at with this, please?
Robert Thomson: Raymond, it’s not opportune to reveal the details of those negotiations at the moment other than to say that they are ongoing at a very senior level. But it is reflective of a fundamental change in the approach to content, the content landscape, which clearly was not beneficial to producers of great journalism as we do across the world with our mastheads and has become more conducive to us being able to extract a reasonable price and increase elasticity for those mastheads. So all I can say is that it’s still early days, but it’s also fair to say that there has been a fundamental change in the attitude to content by both Google and Facebook and we are still at an early phase of that evolution of the relationship between us and those companies.
Mike Florin: Thank you, Raymond. Operator, we will take our next, please.
Operator: We’ll take a follow-up from Brian Han from Morningstar.
Brian Han: Hello. Thanks for that. Susan, as you continued on your digitization journey, where do you think your D&A charge will sale at?
Susan Panuccio: That’s a very good question. I mean, I don’t think we expect actually to increase massively at the moment. We are looking to keep it relatively consistently going forward, as you can see our CapEx spend is going to be relatively in line for the full year, so we’re not expecting to see significant changes in that line.
Brian Han: Thanks.
Mike Florin: Thank you. Operator, we will take our next question.
Operator: And at this time, we have no additional callers in the queue.
Mike Florin: Great. Well, thank you all very much for participating. Have a great day.
Operator: That does conclude today’s teleconference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-08-11 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Florin - Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert Thomson - Chief Executive Officer, Director Susan Panuccio - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Janedis - Jefferies Kane Hannan - Goldman Sachs Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank Alan Gould - Rosenblatt Securities Tim Nollen - Macquarie Brian Han - Morningstar Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Raymond Tong - Evans and Partners
Operator: Good day and welcome to the News Corp fourth quarter fiscal 2017 earnings call. Today's call is being recorded. Media is allowed to join today's conference in a listen-only basis. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much Kevin. Hello everyone and welcome to News Corp's fiscal fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago and it is now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thompson, Chief Executive and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks and then we will be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson, for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you Mike. Fiscal 2017 was an important year for News Corp as we posted tangible improvement in profitability, powered by the fast-growing digital real estate services segment. And we monetized premium content while continuing our commitment to increased operating efficiencies. Since our reincarnation, we have been assertively digital and have led to global debate on the value of content, by word and by deed, at a time of profound change in our markets and in society. That strategy continues to pay off, as evidenced by our full year operating results and by the broadening debate for which News Corp has been a catalyst. We are more than the sum of our parts. Our acquisitions and digital development have changed the composition of the company but enhanced the personality and principles that have defined us since the conception of the original News Corporation. Revenues were relatively stable this year at over $8.1 billion, despite luxury print advertising headwinds and an extra week in the prior year. But importantly, total segment EBITDA improved to $885 million compared to $684 million in the prior year, which included litigation settlement charges and gains. Even absent those settlements and other items, adjusted total segment EBITDA expanded 5%. For the quarter, we took significant impairments as we recognized the challenges facing print and oriented the company towards the future. Susan will provide you with further details. In the fourth quarter, excluding the impact of the Zillow settlement, digital real estate continued to deliver on its potential, not only as a strong source of growth but also in its rapidly expanding contribution to overall adjusted EBITDA. At both REA and Move, we were pleased to see increased traffic, improved engagement and continuing revenue growth, particularly at Realtor.com, where Move is making positive contributions to segment EBITDA. From a lagging number three player in the U.S. market, Realtor.com has become the most engaged with audiences and the most important source of leads for realtors. We are still far from satisfied with our progress as we firmly believe that the U.S. digital property market is still in an early phase of its evolution and expect many more years of strong audience and revenue growth. In December, Realtor rolled out Advantage, a state-of-the-art listing agent product capturing real-time feedback about potential leads and providing more targeted ad prominence for properties. The company also unveiled new technological advances with its use of image recognition and augmented reality to highlight listing details on smartphones via its Sign Snap and Street Peek products. We are very conscious of the key role of realtors and do not seek to dis-intermediate them, as is clearly the aspirations of some companies in the sector. Just this week, Realtor.com was pleased to enter an agreement with the Real Estate Board of New York to provide a direct syndicated feed of listings for more than 600 brokerage firms in New York City, further expanding our presence in that important market. REA continues to outperform the competition in Australia. In June, achieving a record market share of 74% against domain and 7.8 times higher time spent on the site. REA is also enhancing engagement through new products as well as through the creation of compelling content relevant to buyers, sellers and agents. During the year, we divested REA's European operations, renewing our focus on core markets in Australia and East Asia and we recently expanded into the complementary mortgage business with the acquisition of Smartline. That acquisition, along with a strategic partnership with NAB, allows REA to tap into a $400 billion a year home loan market. Also in fiscal 2017, News Corp's standing as the world's largest digital real estate business was bolstered through the merger of Housing.com and PropTiger.com creating India's most comprehensive digital real estate platform. That market is at an early stage of its development. So we see an important role in ensuring that all families in India have access to accurate listings and insightful information when making such a crucial investment. Some of the highlights excluding the impact of the extra week last year were, The Wall Street Journal saw strong digital growth, ending with nearly 1.3 million digital subscribers representing 56% of the Journal's total paid subscribers, up almost 70% in the past two years. In fact, at Dow Jones we saw 10% circulation revenue growth in the fourth quarter, the largest it has experienced since fiscal 2011. Meanwhile, the team streamlined print costs and reinvested in digital through the implementation of our WSJ 2020 strategy. In total, digital accounted for 55% of Dow Jones' full year revenues. Our professional information business has gained in strength with risk and compliance delivering a strong performance and a healthy sales pipeline. For the year, risk and compliance revenues rose over 20% with close to 30% growth year-on-year in Q4 and we expect even higher growth in fiscal 2018. At the New York Post, digital ad revenue more than offset declines in print advertising for two straight fiscal years. The Post has also had success in monetizing mobile with 41% of digital ad revenue coming from mobile in fiscal 2017. We are sharing lessons about mobile successes and techniques around the entire company with far greater rapidity and alacrity. While print advertising remains challenged across the newspaper industry, our emerging digital advertising platform, News IQ, will help us meet the needs of advertisers through precise and permissioned customer data from our monthly unique U.S. audience of over 110 million people. We strongly believe that for advertisers, our ability to deliver premium content in a prestige environment will set us apart from the polluted platforms and commodified content. We will have more details for you about the formal launch of News IQ in coming months. On the other side of the globe, we saw particular success at The Australian, where leadership burgeoned to nearly half a million a day as of May, resulting in higher revenues and EBITDA. The blossoming of The Australian reflects the immense value of excellent journalism and the importance of strong editorial leadership. Meanwhile, news.com.au is the number one news brand in Australia, according to Nielsen and taste.com.au is Australia's foremost food site. Overall, News Corp Australia remains the company's largest print and digital publisher and including REA, which is more than 16.1 million Australians each month. In the U.K., The Times was the only national newspaper to show print circulation growth in the fourth quarter. In fact, subscription to The Times and The Sunday Times reached an all-time high of nearly half a million as of June 30. And on the digital front, The Times and Sunday Times are hosting over 200,000 digital-only subscribers, representing 45% of its paid subscriber base and growth of 10% for the quarter versus the prior year. Digitally, The Sun is fast closing the gap with The Mail in the U.K., more than doubling our global monthly unique visitors in the past year to reach a record 85 million in June. The integration of Wireless Group which connected the Sun Sports devotees with its flagship station talkSPORT is proceeding and the complementarity between the platforms is already clear. This year, talkSPORT won the radio rights for the English Football League, making it the biggest holder of exclusive English report rights among U.K. broadcasters and we will also deploy Wireless Group's expertise to improve the quality of our audio products around the company. News America Marketing stabilized its business this year, thanks to the impressive performance of its in-store products. There is no doubt, retail is under pressure from digital competition and providing an enhanced in-store experience is an imperative. Meanwhile, Checkout 51 comfortably surpassed its goal of reaching 10 million users during this year. At year-end, the company boasted a valuable digital membership base of over 14 million strong and growing. That is triple the number of members at acquisition in July 2015. Book publishing has flourished, as HarperCollins showed its understanding of the American heartland underscored by best selling titles such as The Magnolia Story by Chip and Joanna Gaines and J.D. Vance's Hillbilly Elegy. We also saw digital audio sales increased by 47% year over year and expanded our foreign language footprint, an important driver for long-term growth as we seek to exploit our bestsellers across languages and borders. The rise of audiobooks is a particularly notable trend, highlighted by the success of Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving an expletive, which has audio sales of over 470,000 and print of over 490,000, showing the power of savvy self-help books and of the audios genre. Returning to Australia. Fox Sports Australia secured its market leading position through the extension of A-League soccer rights and successfully launched the FOX LEAGUE Channel, its dedicated Rugby league offering. Foxtel has undergone a major brand refresh, which has coincided with the rollout of Foxtel Now, a streaming service with premium content and multiple price points. Foxtel will complement that with the launch of a dedicated, low-cost IP box in the coming months, while the improved iQ3 state-of-the-art set-top box is showing encouraging results. In the fourth quarter, total subscribers at Foxtel, including IP, improved slightly from the third quarter and we saw an improvement in cable satellite churn. One other area I would like to mention in this review of fiscal 2017 is the global impact of our principled stand on intellectual property and the responsibility of the digital duopoly. It is crucial that algorithms are not used to discriminate against quality journalism and that societies have an informed debate about potential algorithmic abuse. As a result of our efforts, we have begun working with Facebook and Google on a subscription mechanic, one which could help bring more readers to our mastheads and fundamentally change the content ecosystem. In conclusion, reflecting on the quarter and the year, we are more confident than ever in the power of content and connectivity. Whether it's the news of the day, the match of the week, the book of the year or the home of a lifetime, we are dedicated to informing and inspiring our readers and our partners. And in an age of digital opacity, we are committed to making markets more transparent and more lucrative for our advertisers and allies. Our newer businesses have brought much innovation and energy to the company and our ability to drive growth is patent and potent. Even so, we are not complacent. We will continuously drive our digital businesses and build our brands. As custodians of a company with the proudest of histories, we know that the past is a platform for the future. For these reasons and more, we are looking forward to the coming year with much confidence in the prospects for shareholders and for our partners. And with that, I will pass it to our CFO, Susan Panuccio.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you Robert. Before I review the financial results, I wanted to highlight a few themes from this past year and the quarter. News Corp's expansion into digital real estate is poised to reshape our long-term growth. We posted very strong operating results this quarter at both REA and at Move. In this quarter, the segment accounted for 40% of total segment EBITDA even while investing in developing markets. And as a point of reference, our revenue of this segment has nearly tripled since separation and is approaching $1 billion annually. We think there is a good long term tailwind to the segment and see further revenue opportunity beyond the core property search. We are making progress transitioning news and information services to digital. We have seen increased evidence that our quality newspapers, The Wall Street Journal, The Times of London and The Australian have a clear digital path. All three now have digital paid subscribers that are approaching or are, in the case of The Wall Street Journal, beyond 50% of total subscribers and they are showing solid growth in paid volumes and improving circulation revenues. We are continuing to right size the cost base by removing legacy costs at news and information services. However, I believe there is more we can do, as I mentioned last quarter, which I will discuss shortly. With that, I would like to now discuss our financial results. For the full year fiscal 2017, total revenues were $8.1 billion, a 2% decline compared to the prior year. You will recall that the prior year had the 5third week, which positively impacted fiscal 2016 revenues by $112 million. Reported total segment EBITDA for the year was $885 million compared to $684 million in the prior year. As a reminder, the prior year included a one-time charge of $280 million for the settlement at News America Marketing and the one-time gain of $122 million related to the Zillow settlement. Adjusted EBITDA for the year, which excludes the settlements, the impact of currency, the legal costs related to the U.K. newspaper matters as well as acquisitions and divestments, rose 5%. During the full year, we had significant nonrecurring items impacting earnings per share. These included pretax noncash impairment charges of $785 million, principally related to the fixed asset write-down at the Australian and the U.K. publishing businesses. In addition, equity earnings of affiliates included a pretax write-down of $227 million to reduce our carrying value of Foxtel. These were offset in part by a pretax gain of $107 million at REA from the sale of their European businesses and an improvement in the full year operating results. As a result of these items, earnings per share from continuing operations were negative $1.27 compared to $0.28 in the prior year. Again as a reminder, earnings per share in the prior year benefited from a lower tax expense due in large part to the release of U.S. tax asset valuation allowances associated with the divestment of Amplify. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.36 versus $0.40 in the prior year. And now to the quarterly financial detail. We reported fiscal 2017 fourth quarter total revenues of $2.1 billion, down approximately 7% versus the prior year. Again, prior year revenues included the $112 million impact from the 5third week. Reported total segment EBITDA was $215 million, compared to $361 million in the prior year, which included the $122 million gain related to the Zillow settlement and the benefit of the extra week. Excluding the Zillow settlement gain, last year's EBITDA would have been $239 million. For the quarter, earnings per share from continuing operations were negative $0.74 compared to $0.16 in the prior year, with the prior year benefiting from the Zillow settlement gain. Results this quarter include a noncash impairment charge of $464 million primarily related to the write-down of fixed assets of the U.K. newspaper group. Taking these into account, adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.11 versus $0.10 in the prior year. Turning now to the individual operating segments. In news and information services, revenues for the quarter declined 10% compared to the prior year to $1.3 billion. Over half of the revenue shortfall this quarter of $77 million was related to the 5third week in the prior year. Within the segment revenues, advertising declined around 12% or down 11% in local currency. The 5third week impacted advertising by $33 million. Excluding the 5third week and currency impact, advertising fell 6%. Circulation and subscription revenues decreased 9% or 6% in local currency. The 5third week contributed $39 million and accounted for the vast majority of decline this quarter. Excluding the 5third week and currency impact, circulation revenues rose 1%. News and information services' reported segment EBITDA this quarter was $103 million, down 36% versus the prior period. The decline was primarily driven by lower print advertising revenues, a timing shift at News America Marketing between Q3 and Q4 of this year, which I highlighted last quarter and the impact of the 5third week. I will now look at the performance for the quarter across our key operating divisions and excluding the 5third week. At Dow Jones, total advertising revenue declined 14% versus the prior year period, fairly similar to the third quarter rate but better than the first half rate. Digital accounted for approximately 37% of Dow Jones advertising revenues this quarter. We again saw strong paid volume growth at The Wall Street Journal where total subscriber volume across all formats reached 2.3 million, a 12% year-over-year increase driven by higher digital-only subscriptions, which rose 34% versus the prior year. Year-over-year circulation revenue growth at Dow Jones accelerated to 10%, up from mid single digits last quarter, driven by volume gains and higher subscription pricing at The Wall Street Journal. Importantly, the growth rate this quarter was the highest level achieved since fiscal 2011. In July, The Wall Street Journal increased subscription prices to new customers by $2 to $5 per month depending on the bundle and also increased cover prices by $1 for both the Monday to Friday and the weekend edition. Professional information business revenues were flat in the fourth quarter but grew modestly excluding foreign currency, as the year-over-year growth at risk and compliance accelerated to around 30%. Importantly, the pipelines for new business at the professional information business is encouraging, giving us increased confidence that growth can be sustained into fiscal 2018. On cost initiatives, Dow Jones realized about $60 million of cost savings in fiscal 2017 related to The Wall Street Journal 2020 initiative and is on track to achieve at least $100 million in underlying cost savings on an annualized basis by the end of fiscal 2018. Cost reductions are across operations, advertising and the newsroom, which is being streamlined to be digital and mobile-first. At News Australia, advertising revenues for the quarter declined 1% or 2% in local currency, helped by the acquisition of ARM. Excluding that and the sale of The Sunday Times in Perth, advertising declined approximately 10% in local currency, similar to the prior quarter. Circulation revenues at News Australia increased 1% or were flat in local currency as the acquisition of ARM, cover price increases and higher paid digital subscribers were offset by print volume declines and the sale of The Sunday Times. We are making progress with digital subscriptions in Australia as well. Robert mentioned the turnaround at The Australian, partly due to the success of its digital subscription offering which now has over 95,000 subscribers. Across the News Australia mastheads, we now have approximately 360,000 paid subscribers including the ARM properties, over 30% higher from the prior year. We are continuing our assessment of the cost structure at News Australia. While we achieved approximately $40 million of cost savings in fiscal 2017, it is clear that more work needs to be done particularly given our reliance on print in that market. We expect ongoing cost reductions in fiscal 2018 while continuing to drive our digital transition. Additionally, with the integration of ARM, we continue to look at our broader regional community newspapers to ensure the optimal operational and cost structure exists. At News U.K., advertising revenue trends are similar to last quarter as the results were likely impacted by the general election and the Euro championships last year. Circulation revenues at News U.K. were down 14% or modestly year-over-year in local currency, primarily due to the lower print volume and no newsstand price increase at The Sun this year as compared to the prior year, partially offset by growth at The Times. Trends at The Times remain positive with print volumes up low single digits this quarter. As Robert mentioned, digital subscribers at The Times and The Sunday Times is up over 10% this quarter versus the last year to 201,000. At The Sun, the average monthly unique users reached 81 million in the fourth quarter, more than doubling versus the prior year and hitting a record of 85 million in June, as we continue to build audience to drive and improve monetization. Finally, at News America Marketing, revenues were down 8%, partially related to the shift in timing of in-store products, as mentioned last quarter and two fewer inserts versus the prior year. Turning to the book publishing segment. Revenues for the quarter decreased 6% to $407 million, mostly due to the 5third week, negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations and declines in the children's division which faced a difficult prior year comparative. Segment EBITDA decreased 22% to $39 million due to lower revenues, higher compensation expense and write-off related to a few new releases this year. Titles to highlight this quarter include Michael Crichton's Dragon Teeth as well as carryover sales from J. D. Vance's Hillbilly Elegy and Sarah Young's Jesus Always. Total digital revenues for the quarter were 20% of consumer revenues compared to 19% in the prior year due to strength in digital audio. In digital real estate services, total segment revenues increased $22 million or 10% to $251 million and adjusted revenues increased 16%, which excludes the impact from the divestment of REA's European business and Move's TigerLead as well as currency impacts and acquisitions. Total reported segment EBITDA was $87 million versus $175 million last year with last year reflecting the gain from the settlement of Zillow. Excluding the Zillow settlement, acquisitions, divestments and currency movements, adjusted segment EBITDA growth was 67%. REA Group revenue grew 7% due to improved product mix including higher penetration for Premier All and higher yields. The growth was partially offset by a $10 million or 8% decline in revenue resulting from the divestment of the European businesses. Similar to last quarter, REA will report results that present Europe as discontinued operations. So you will see a larger than usual variance this quarter between our reported revenue growth than in the past. Their call will commence shortly after the conclusion of this call. REA recently acquired a majority stake in Smartline, one of the leading mortgage brokers in Australia and entered into a strategic partnership with the National Australia Bank. Part of REA's strategy is to integrate property and finance search to better capture value for lead volume. Move revenues rose approximately 10% to $108 million versus the prior year, again driven by a very strong performance from connection suppliers, which is benefiting from higher lead volume and improved pricing optimization and higher non-listing media revenues. TigerLead, which was divested in November, contributed $4 million in the prior year and the 5third week revenue contribution was $6 million. Excluding those items, revenue growth would have been approximately 23%. We also grew customers and yields while also posting accelerated lead volume. As expected, Realtor contributed to segment EBITDA this quarter and for the full year and we expect to build on that momentum in fiscal 2018. Average monthly unique user growth at Realtor.com remains strong, up 9% year-over-year to 58 million in the quarter. In cable network programming, revenues decreased $7 million or 5% compared to the prior year quarter due to the $10 million impact from the 5third week in the prior year and lower subscriber revenues, mostly offset by the addition of the Australian News channel, the operator of Australia's Sky News networks and favorable foreign currency fluctuations. Segment EBITDA in the quarter rose 4% to $24 million driven by lower programming costs. With respect to earnings from affiliates, equity losses were $19 million this quarter compared to equity income of $5 million last year. Our equity loss pickup this quarter included an $11 million negative impact related to a change in the fair value of Foxtel's investment in the Ten Network, which has moved into voluntary administration and a further $3 million loss related to Foxtel's Presto wind down. Both numbers reflect our 50% share. Foxtel revenues for the quarter declined 3% to $600 million. EBITDA decreased 9% to $150 million and was down 10% in local currency due to the decrease in revenue and higher programming costs, principally related to the new AFL contract. Regarding its operating metrics, Foxtel ended the quarter with 2.8 million total subscribers, which was lower than the prior year primarily due to the shutdown of Presto. In the fourth quarter, Foxtel Play was relaunched as Foxtel Now, which was supported by a new marketing campaign alongside the relaunch of the Foxtel brand. Including Foxtel Now, total subscribers increased modestly versus the third quarter. In the coming months, Foxtel plans to launch an IP dedicated box, which will include a tuner for access to free-to-air along with enhanced guide and user interface. In the fourth quarter, cable and satellite churn improved to 13.3% from 14% last year, the first year-over-year improvement since the second quarter of last year. Cable and satellite ARPU for the quarter was down approximately 3% to around AUD86. And finally, for the full year fiscal 2017, capital expenditures from continuing operations were flat at $256 million. Heading into the new fiscal year, there are a few points that I would like to note. At news and information services, overall ad trends at this point for our key mastheads remained stable with the fourth quarter, although we had seen a slight improvement at Dow Jones. The first quarter should benefit from the increased subscription prices at Dow Jones that I mentioned earlier as well as increased cover prices in the U.K. and Australia. We assume continued print declines into fiscal 2018 that will aggressively seek out cost reductions. Dow Jones will continue with their 2020 program and the Australian business continues to transform its cost base as it reinvests for digital growth. Fox Sports Australia will face an incremental AUD30 million to AUD40 million in higher rights costs mostly related to the new NRL contract. We expect to offset much of that from operating efficiencies and a higher affiliates revenue. On Book Publishing, overall trends remain favorable with digital contribution relatively stable. The pipeline for the year looks strong with releases from key authors such as Ree Drummond, Daniel Silva, Karin Slaughter, Chip and Joanna Gaines, Bernard Cornwell, Victoria Aveyard, Erin Hunter and Donna Hay. At digital real estate services, we continue to expect strong revenue and EBITDA contribution from both REA and Move. At Move, we are pleased with the progress at Realtor.com, particularly the revenue improvement in the second half of fiscal 2017 and want to build on that momentum this year. We will continue to roll out our Advantage product, our listing agent offering, to the balance of our customers in the first half of the year and remain focused on further site enhancements to drive audience growth. REA should benefit from higher pricing, continued penetration of listing depth products and increased revenue from the expansion into mortgage brokering for which the company has provided some guidance. Given these trends, we expect to see improvement in the first quarter versus the prior year. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from John Janedis with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: Hi. Thank you. Can you talk a little bit more about digital service in The Wall Street Journal? As you anniversary the new cycle from the election and the price increases kick in, do you expect continued growth? Or are you seeing a slowdown? I know it's early. And with the increased engagement, to what extent are you seeing incremental demand from advertisers?
Robert Thomson: John, indeed we are continuing to see strong digital growth. I think you need to understand that there are really, for the Wall Street Journal, two paths to that growth. One is getting in the initial WSJ.com subscription. And secondly, developing products that allow us to up-sell premium customers to premium products, which obviously has far more elasticity and a greater premium profile. And so that is continuing well. I think it's fair to say, on the digital advertising front that in the last half of the fiscal, we didn't see the growth that we wanted. I think we have to be candid about that. There have been some changes made in that department under the leadership of Will Lewis in recent months. And we are confident that you will see, as you suggest, an improvement in advertising, which is coordinated indeed with the improvement in digital audience.
Mike Florin: Thanks John. Operator, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We will go to Kane Hannan with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kane Hannan: Good morning Robert. Good morning Susan. Just on Move performance in the quarter and heading into FY 2018, I am wondering if you could give us a sense of the level of investment in that business into 2018? And then a sense of the EBITDA contribution you made in the fourth quarter, please?
Robert Thomson: Well, Kane, clearly in the way that Susan and I described it, direct comparison is difficult. It certainly was EBITDA positive, as we indicated it would be. And we were very happy with the progress there. I think what was particularly reassuring was and it should be so for investors, at the beginning of the year, we said we would see slow growth in Q1 and Q2 and we said it would accelerate in Q3 and Q4 and that is indeed what happened. And we like the momentum that we have achieved going into this current year. As Susan mentioned, the underlying revenue growth was 23%. But look, we are not, for a second, complacent. We are pushing Ryan and the team very hard at Realtor because we believe that they have a tremendous opportunity for growth in what is still an emerging e-market.
Mike Florin: Thank you Kane. Operator, we will take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. We will go to Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi Robert. Hi Susan. My question is for Susan. Given that you have been in the role now for a number of months, just interested in your perspective on capital management within the business? And whether you feel that there are further opportunities to deploy that capital to acquire further assets.
Susan Panuccio: Thanks Entcho. My view is, it's important to be balanced between reinvestment and shareholder returns but we are focused on reinvestment for the long term that will drive shareholder value. As I have already said in previous calls, we will continue to monitor all our options, so that's effectively what we will be looking at.
Mike Florin: Thank you Entcho. Operator, we will take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Alan Gould with Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Alan Gould: Hi. Thank you. Robert, I have got a question for you regarding the comments Jeff Bezos made at the recent Newspaper conference talking about the strength of the paper business, that if you invested in it, you could grow the businesses. Is that only for the big national papers? What can we do to, in a quicker way, stop the newspaper EBITDA from its continual declines?
Robert Thomson: Well, I think I was with Jeff at that conference and I agreed with what he said, at least about newspapers. There is no doubt that there is potential for growth, really across the spectrum. Clearly with a paper like The Australian or The Wall Street Journal or The Times, given the demographic, there is already a strong digital growth. But actually for our other papers, our other mastheads as well, there is potential. But it is dependent upon broader changes in the content ecosystem, which is why we have been so insistent that the large digital platforms need to take responsibility for content. It's not just about accounting. It's also about accountability. And so we will continue to push for a subscription mechanic that makes sense for them but certainly makes sense for newspaper mastheads. And that would frankly benefit us. It will benefit other players in the industry. But we have full confidence in what I would regard as the fact that our journalism is superior which, of itself, will allow our papers to charge a premium.
Mike Florin: Thanks Alan. Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We go next to Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
TimNollen: Hi. Thanks. I wonder, Robert, if you could please comment on the underlying ad market. I think you did give a mention that it seems to be improving a little bit into the second half of the calendar year here. But any comments on advertisers thinking in terms of perhaps putting a little bit more money into, let's call it, traditional media versus digital media, if it can be stated that way? Just because we have had a lot of mixed results from a lot of media companies and ad agencies in their Q2 calendar years, I am just curious what your underlying sentiment is on ad spending, please?
Robert Thomson: Yes. And I think it's fair to say that not only media companies are under pressure, ad agencies are under pressure. Because there's no doubt, many clients are unhappy with some of the digital company that they keep. And therefore, we firmly believe that premium products and premium audiences will be important, almost regardless of the medium. What we are certainly seeing across most of our properties is, Wall Street Journal aside as I mentioned earlier, an increase in digital ad growth and the potential, for example, in the U.K. with The Sun where you had an exponential increase in its digital audience and now we are improving engagement levels. It is obviously real. But that shouldn't take away from the potential of some of what is referred to as the traditional print products. For example, the WSJ magazine spring edition this autumn will have a record amount of advertising in it. So that of itself shows the importance of print as a platform. But it all depends on the quality of content, the reliability of the environment and the level of engagement.
Susan Panuccio: And I think, Tim, just to add something from me as well. The Australian newspaper, given the great growth that it had seen from a subscriber perspective as well, it's actually seeing print advertising increase year-over-year, which is quite unusual in this particular environment. But I think notwithstanding that, it is still very poor visibility and it remains very difficult to predict exactly what those trends will be going forward.
Mike Florin: Thanks Tim. Kevin, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Brian Han with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Brian Han: Thank you. Robert or Susan, what percentage of news and information division revenue is generated from News America Marketing? And also the $175 million in other divisional losses, can you please shed some light on how much of that is from operating business losses? And how much of it is from just corporate overheads?
Susan Panuccio: So on the NAM numbers, we don't call out the NAM numbers separately in relation to revenue. So we haven't given those before in the past. So we are not going to give those going forward. In relation to the $175 million in other, that really has the head office costs that fit within those numbers. So that makes up the bulk of that number.
Mike Florin: Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Can you tell us please what your cost cutting plans are for U.K. papers and Australia like you gave for The Wall Street Journal? What will those two numbers be, annualized basis, at the end of fiscal 2018? And I am also curious what is Move.com's EBITDA in the quarter we just finished? Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to the costs targets, the only number we have actually given out is a The Wall Street Journal's number, which was $100 million annualized by the end of fiscal 2018. In relation to the Australian newspapers, we haven't given out the number. We did say that they delivered AUD40 million of cost savings in last financial year. We would expect it to be at least that in the coming year, albeit we did also mention that we will be reinvesting for growth. And across the U.K. newspapers, they also have fairly aggressive costs targets in there, though we haven't quantified those numbers publicly. In relation to the types of activities that they are looking at, they are focusing predominantly on, I guess, essential type costs or non-content related costs. I mean we continue to believe that we have to invest in our content in order to drive our products going forward. So we really are looking at any other sort of back office costs or centralized costs that we can have a look at going forward.
Robert Thomson: And Craig, it's Robert here. On Move or Realtor.com, as we refer to it, there is absolutely no doubt it was EBITDA positive when you look at the appropriate comparables. It is on a very positive track. What we are particularly emphasizing at this stage, given the phase of the growth of the market, is revenue and audience growth and we are confident you will see both this year.
Mike Florin: Thanks Craig. Kevin, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will go to Raymond Tong with Evans and Partners. Please go ahead.
Raymond Tong: Good morning Robert and Susan. I am just wondering whether you can talk about the strategic priorities for Foxtel in the medium term. Is it still sort of driving the subscriber growth over short term profitability?
Robert Thomson: Raymond, Robert here. We are pleased with the launch of Foxtel Now. The programming lineup, in particular Game of Thrones, has obviously made a difference. The business itself is changing in its character and will continue to change in a way that we think is positive. There's no doubt that the lineup of rights that we have at Foxtel and Fox Sports in the realm of sports rights, whether it be Rugby League or Aussie Rules or A-League soccer, is impressive. And we understand that that is a market that is changing and that there will be quite possibly more competition for rights in the future. But that was why we took the strategic decision to buy those rights long ahead because the upheaval in the market was obvious at that time and we have full confidence in the future of both Foxtel and Fox Sports.
Mike Florin: Thank you. Kevin, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will turn the conference back to Mr. Mike Florin for any additional or closing comments.
Mike Florin: Great. Thank you Kevin. Thank you all for participating today. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-05-09 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - SVP and Head of IR Robert Thomson - CEO Susan Panuccio - CFO
Analysts: Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Kyle Baker - Guggenheim Securities Brian Han - Morningstar Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Raymond Tong - Evans and Partners Pty Ltd Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the News Corp Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Media is allowed to join today's conference in a listen-only basis. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Matt. Hello everyone and welcome to News Corp's fiscal third quarter 2017 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today, are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive, and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy, actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson, for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. In the third quarter, we saw positive results in our ongoing mission to become increasingly global, digital and diversified to be resolutely cost conscious and to deliver enhanced results for our shareholders. There was robust growth in revenues and EBITDA, specifically a 5% rise in revenues to approximately $2 billion and total segment EBITDA of $215 million compared to a loss of a $122 million in the prior year, which included the News America Marketing settlement charge. Excluding that charge, total segment EBITDA in the quarter would have increased 36% compared to the prior year. We are pleased with the performance of many of our businesses, including at our digital real estate services segment, which continues to fly. We had indicated that the EBITDA contribution at Move would improve and that revenue growth would accelerate and I am pleased to report both goals have been achieved this quarter, though we will certainly not allow our compliance field smugness to be characteristics at realtor.com. While print advertising remains challenging, we saw some moderation and declines across mastheads this quarter. And notably the news and information services segment was a sort of growth this quarter, both in revenues and EBITDA, driven by the muscular performance of installed product revenues in News America Marketing, healthy circulation revenue gains at the Wall Street Journal and a thoughtful cost production program. Speaking of the Wall Street Journal, we continue to build on the momentum of digital styles, adding more than 300,000 subscribers year-over-year. Digital now accounts for 53% of total subscription, up from 44% last year and 38% two years ago. In fact we added even more subs this quarter than in the second quarter, suggesting that the appetite for premium news and thoughtful commentary is undiminished. This success also as a result of innovation with our payroll including the elimination of Google so called First Quick Free Scheme [ph], which is in need of serious scrutiny as it punishes premium news. But whiners are not winners, so I am pleased to report, we are making progress on our development of a new digital advertising platform, focused initially on the U.S. market using the data, content and audiences of our businesses to ensure brands have real rich and are not subject to guilt by association. This initiative follows our news connect offering in Australia and we will provide more information about the emerging platform in coming months. We have been among the strongest and most consistent voices in making clear that the digital duopoly has commoditized content and had created an ecosystem that is dysfunctional and defiled. The consequences of commodification include fake news, ramping piracy and brands just oppose we joined us on extremist websites. The current content configuration is detrimental to consumers, the businesses and to societies. We are in discussion with Facebook and Google about premium content and brand enhancing environment and hope that will assist in fashioning a healthier eco system that rewards created in content and not just the distributors, the parts and the perfidious. At this stage, it is fair to say, that Facebook is more responsive and responsible. That we will highlight these issues until there is meaningful movement. Let us turn to our businesses in more detail. At Move, home to realtor.com reported revenues increased by 15% in the quarter, accelerating from fiscal Q2 levels. Excluding the $4 million from TigerLead which we sold in November, growth was 20% and the company contributed segment EBITDA growth consistent with our expectations. Average monthly unique increased from $44 million in Q2 to $55 million for the quarter, including a monthly record of $58 million in March. And we saw improvements in pace penetration and audience engagement, both crucial for Lead volume which also improved in the quarter. Overall according to CUNY School in March realtor.com led by Zillow and Trulia an engagement by 30% based on minutes spend and has continue to gain share in this sector. The new advantage product launched in December is performing in line with expectations and we saw acceleration in growth in the connections for buyer's product, driven by higher lead volume and increased customer flow. We continue to fortify realtor.com, with products like Sciencenab, Streetpeak and enhanced 3D listings which will move from better to full release in the coming months. We added photography in local data to off market listings, which helps driving engagement and we focused on the speed and reliability of our products to ensure an optimum experience for users. Looking ahead, Move is expecting to make further developments in the software and services business an essential element of that crucial relationship with the community of Realtors, less central to real estate transactions. REA, which completed the sale with European businesses in December 2016, posted strong revenue and expanded EBITDA contribution in its core Australian business, driven by product mix and the adoption of premium product. REA achieved record business in March and materially outperformed the competition. The company provides a deeper content experience complementing our masters in Australia and has strengthened its premium product offerings, launching front page, allowing Windows to showcase properties on the home page based on a user's previous search behavior. At News and Information services, revenues grew almost 3% and segment EBITDA excluding the settlement charge at News America marketing in the prior year would have expanded more than 30%. As mentioned the decline in print advertising moderated while we implemented cost reduction programs such as the Wall Street Journal 2020 initiative, which is designed to reduce expenses plus imperatively drives a contemporary flow of content for readers and clients. We are clearly cost conscious but intend to bolster the quality of our unique content across our mastheads and the cross platforms around the world. At Dow Jones, ad revenue trends improved relative to prior quarter, meanwhile the risk in compliance business remains particularly healthy with revenue growth over 20% and prospect certainly appearing positive the real and compliance is essential. As mentioned there was robust digital subscriber growth at the Journal, with more than 30% increase versus the prior year and the momentum has continued. In fact, not only did we have the 300,000 year-over-year increase plus this also set a record in digital subscriber growth since the launch of our sales and subscriber reporting metric. Overall circulation revenues expanded at a mid-single-digit rate. The New York Post digital network continues to make headway and digital now accounts for more than 50% of its ad revenues. We are also pleased to report last month the [Indiscernible] TV has been adopted in a 185 markets covering 90% of the country in advance of its launch this fall. That fall is well for the program and the brand. In the UK at the time standard print circulation volumes grew high single-digits and market share improved once again. In digital the Times and the Sunday Times continue to grow subs and ARPU while in print, the Times had the largest year-on-year growth among pay for national papers in the quarter. At the Sun, the number of monthly unique visitor's version reaching 80 million globally in March, doubling over the past year and up 5 folds since the pay rule we removed in late 2015. The Sun has already surpassed the mirror as the second most reviewed website in the UK and is working closely with talkSPORT to drive incremental traffic and revenues. Times for the UK economy remain positive despite the fee among during the ahead of the Brexit vote and regardless of the inevitable uncertainty caused by the upcoming election. Conditions from our mastheads in Australia remain challenging although print ad declines moderated and circulation revenues were relatively stable. Thanks to a lift in digital subscribers and the price increases. Our team in Australia is focused on digital subscriptions, which general 27% growth year-over-year, including ARM to more than 330,000. Meanwhile news.com today retained its ranking as a preeminent news site in Australia. News American market saw marked growth in the in-store business which is benefiting from product enhancements and an increase in new CPG campaigns. The goods companies and the retail as they are increasingly recognizing NAMs, prowess at the point of purchase. Checkout 51 also grew in the quarter and now has $13.4 million U.S. and Canadian members more than double the total of last year. It is become a key part of NAMs integrated digital offering. In fact, Checkout 51 along with Storyful and realtor.com are working closely with NAM on joint sales pitches with major brands to better leverage data and drive incremental revenue. The News and Information Services segment also benefited from the acquisition of Wireless Group in UK and the Australian regional media business both of which contributed revenues in the quarter. Storyful and Unruly continue to expand their collaboration and are working more closely than ever with many of our businesses. Storyful recently announce the new partnership with Weber Shandwick, illustrating how it has expanded its work. There were six companies, the concerns are the brand safety and furnish vital intelligence on issues related to risk and compliance. In book publishing, there was solid revenue growth at HarperCollins, which saw improvement in digital and enduring success of Hillbilly Elegy and Hidden Figures. We also had the release of Veronica Roth's Carve the Mark. We are looking forward with much anticipation the release of new books by Michael Curtin [ph] and David Williams in May and note the continuing strength of HarperCollins Christian based industrial. We are confident that the international footprint we acquire through Harlequin combined with our Evangelical expertise should lead to increase business in Latin America where the Evangelical movement is particularly influential. At Fox Sports, advertising remain strong compared to a relatively substitute TV marketplace in Australia. Riding a 6% higher in March of the year, thanks impart that the successful launch of the Fox League channel, it's dedicated Rugby League offering. Fox Sports also launched the first overseas over the top partnership with IFO, the people around the world can watch the world's most captivating context sports. At our 50% earned Foxtel, the company continues to invest in top tier sports and local content. Further differentiating it's unique package from lower quality of players, Foxtel Play, will have an upgraded user interface and additional HD options, as Foxtel seeks to provide a compelling offering for customers. Having acquired the popular Sky News, we have added to our portfolio of cable networks in Australia and we'll be able to consolidated cost and share digital and video learning's across our platforms. We have just announced the transfer of Fox Sports News to Sky News which will allow us to maximize synergies and scale. Looking once again at the quarters a whole, we see the enduring value of that content. The power of our platform, the benefits of [indiscernible] cost of strange and the manifold ways our businesses are combining and complementing each other and crucially driving long-term value for all of our investors. Governmentally, we were pleased to announce the addition of former U.S. senator, Kelly Ayotte to our board. Following the departure of Elaine Chao, who became the U.S. secretary of transportation, in the new administration. We wish her well in her profound the important role. And I was finally like to say a word of thanks to the new CFO first CFO, the vulnerable Bedi Singh. He did much to assist in launching the company and I'm very proud and delighted to introduce our new CFO Susan Panuccio, a long-time colleague at news school. Susan brings to this important task a savvy strategic sensibility and a rigorous attention to both detail and the larger landscape. She has experience in both the UK and Australia, as well as insight in the importance of digital transformation of the news and property businesses. For these reasons and more I have great confidence not on in her but in the prospects for this business and its value for our shareholders. Thank you for your support and so please welcome Susan.
Susan Panuccio: Thank you for those kind words Robert. I am delighted to be here today and looking forward to getting to know all of you in the very near future. This is the unique time for the company, as we continue the transformation to a digital first company and I am really excited to have taken a broader role across the company. While I am very new to this role, there are few observations, I would like to make. We are a company that has global scale, customers and data sets, that can be better monetize. As Robert mentioned, one need an initiative would be the launch of our global digital advertising platform in the coming months. But there is a lot more we can do including more effectively sharing the resources standardizing subscription strategies and better leveraging our content across the markets in the US, the UK and Australia. There is more we can do and are doing on cost. While we need to make sure, we continue to invest in digital initiatives, I also think there is plenty of room to improve efficiencies and remove legacy cost across the business and much of that is underway. Revenues from our printed news market is remains a very important source of revenues. However, we do need to be focused on driving incremental and higher margin revenue streams ranging from custom content to higher margin brand extension such as Sunbits [ph] in the UK. And finally I will be open to new ideas and new ways, that will drive higher growth and value per share in the long-term. With that of an introduction, I'll now turn to the operating results for this quarter. We reported fiscal 2017 third quarter total revenues of around $2 billion, up 5% compared to the prior year. Currency had a $21 million negative impact on revenues with modest year-over-year improvement in the Australian dollar, outlaid by weakness in the pound. Reported total segment EBITDA was $215 million compared to a loss of $122 million in the prior year which included a one-time settlement charge of $280 million at News America marketing, excluding the charge in the prior year segment EBITDA would have risen 36%. For the quarter, loss per share from continuing operations was $0.01 versus the loss of $0.26 in the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.07 versus $0.04 in the prior year. Tuning now to the individual operating segments; in News and Information Services revenues for the quarter rose 3% to approximately $1.3 billion versus the prior year. Within segment revenues, advertising rose around 4% or 5% in local currency, driven by News America marketing and contributions from acquisitions partially offset by print advertising decline, although the rate of advertising decline moderated this quarter across all territories. Circulation and subscription revenues decreased 1%, yet rose 3% in local currency, driven by the acquisition of Australia Regional Media or ARM, cost increases in higher pay digital volume offset by lower print volumes. News and information services segment EBITDA this quarter was $123 million up from $93 million in the prior period, excluding the $280 million News American marketing settlement last year. We saw strong EBITDA contribution at News American marketing, led by in-store product and modest year-over-year improvements at Dow Jones and UK, offset by declines in the Australian business. We also had an adjustment to the deferred consideration for Unruly, which positively impacted EBITDA by around $12 million this quarter. Looking at performance across our key units, at News American marketing, the business continues to perform well, with revenues up 13% versus the prior year driven by the strength of in-store products which more than offset declines in freestanding in-store products. Some of the growth was timing related, but we continue to see strong growth due to the increased number of retailers and higher brand spending. To give you a sense of the timing related difference, we estimate that approximately $15 million less than half of News America revenue growth this quarter was timing related, which will unwind in fiscal Q4. Checkout 51 continues to expand, now reaching over 13 million members at quarter end and continues to increase visibility and gain traction with our CPG clients. At Dow Jones, total advertising revenues declined around 12% due to print advertising, which was a marked improvement from the fiscal Q2 performance which still advertising down over 20%. Pleasingly the mix of advertising is changing, in fact, fiscal Q3 approximately 15% of total advertising at Dow Jones is what I would call emerging or non-traditional advertising revenue. This includes custom content conferences and of course programmatic advertising and these will remain a big focus going forward. As Robert mentioned, we are continuing to see strong paid volume growth in digital at the Wall Street Journal, while total subscriber volumes across all formats reached $2.2 million, a 12% year-over-year increase, driven by higher digital only sales which rose over 30% versus the prior year. Circulation revenues at Dow Jones grew mid-single digits due to both volume gains and higher subscription pricing, led by the Wall Street Journal, which grew high-single digit. Professional information business revenues remained relatively stable with the prior year, similar to last quarter, as we continue to see very strong growth in risk and compliance together with a strong pipeline for new business. At News Australia, advertising revenues rose $8 million or 5% and were down 1% in local currency. The Increase in advertising revenues was driven by the acquisition of ARM which contributed $20 million in the quarter. Advertising revenues at our other Australian markets remained challenged, but showed a sequential improvement hardly due to the moderation in the real estate and employment categories, particularly at the local advertising level. Circulation revenues at News Australia increased $7 million or 8% and were up slightly in local currency, primarily due to the acquisition of ARM which contributed $6 million. Cover price increases including one take into the weekday Australia in February and higher paid digital subscriptions largely offset bring volume declines at our existing markets of around 7%. On cost initiative within the Australian business, we are on track for an additional $40 million Australian dollars in cost savings in the second half of fiscal 2017 and continue to seek additional cost reduction. Although some of the that saving is being reinvested to accelerate our digital transition given that the Australian business has the highest proportion of print advertising across our markets as a percentage of overall revenue. At News UK, while reported advertising revenues decreased by 18%. In local currency was close to a high single digit decline, also a modest sequential improvement from the low teen last quarter. Reported circulation revenues at News UK saw 10% versus the prior year quarter, but rose 4% in local currency as cover price increases more than offset single copy volume declines at Sun. Wireless Group revenue was flat as growth in Fox Sports was offset by the absence of revenues from sport magazine which was closed in February 2017. We continue to make good progress on the integration of wireless into the News UK Group. Turning to the Book Publishing segment, revenues was $374 million up 4% compared to the prior year. We saw strong contribution this quarter from titles including Hillbilly Elegy and Hidden figures. Revenues also benefit from the release in January of Veronica Roth's Carve the Mark, however sales with this title were off to a slow start than anticipated. Segment EBITDA rose 3%, $37 million, as a revenue growth was offset by an unfavorable cost to sales in this quarter. Title digital revenues which include audio books, were approximately 22% of consumer revenues, if digital fails rising modestly over the prior year quarter, driven principally by audio books. In digital real estate services, reported revenues for the segment increased $25 million or 13% just $219 million and adjusted revenues increased 15%, which excludes the impact from the divestitures of REAs European real estate portal and Move sale of TigerLead last quarter, as well as currency impact on acquisition. Reported segment EBITDA was $75 million up $36 million or 92% versus the prior year, benefiting from strong contribution at both Move and REA, including lower legal cost of Move. Adjusted segment EBITDA growing 68%. REAs revenues grew 10% due to an increase in Australian residential depth revenue resulting from favorable product mix and higher prices and a $6 million impact from favorable foreign currency fluctuation. The growth was partially offset by a $9 million or 9% decline in revenue resulting from the divestiture of the European business. It's important to note, that the REA Group report results the present year of this discontinued operations that you will see a bigger variance this quarter between our reported revenue growth than in the past. Please refer to REAs earnings release for more detail on this. As expected, REA results showed strong growth in EBITDA contributions, strong operation margins in its all Australian business. Move revenues rose approximately 15% to $100 million versus the prior year, reflecting continued strong performance from connection for buyers and higher non-listing media revenue. TigerLead which was divested in November contributed $4 million in the prior period. Average monthly unique user growth at realtor.com remains strong, up high single digit year-over-year to $55 million in the quarter, with $58 million in March. In Cable network programming, revenues rose 14% to $122 million compared to the prior year quarter, from the inclusion of $9 million related to the acquisition of Sky News and favorable foreign currency fluctuations. Adjusted revenue growth was 1%. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was flat at $34 million and up modestly on an adjusted basis. With respect to earnings from affiliates, equity income was negative $23 million this quarter compared to positive $2 million last year. Our equity loss pickup this quarter included a $7 million negative impact related to a change in the fair value of Foxtel investment in the Ten Network and a fair to $10 million loss related to Foxtel's Presto wind down consistent with our expectation. Both numbers reflect our 50% share. Regarding its operating performance, Foxtel ended the quarter with 2.8 million total subscribers with closing cable and satellite subscribers down 1% compared to the prior year, but saw small subscriber gains from the prior quarter. In the third quarter cable and satellite churn was 16.1% compared to 14.3% in the prior year, an encouragingly showed improvement late in the quarter with the beginning of winter sports and the launch of the Foxtel channel. Foxtel revenues for the quarter increased 2% to $591 million but were down 3% in local currency and EBITDA decreased 9% to a $131 million and was down 13% in local currency due to the decrease in revenue and increases in programming cost principally in sports. Cable satellite ARPU for the quarter was down approximately 2% to around AUD 86. And finally for Q3, capital expenditures from continuing operations year-to-date were $168 million, lower than the $180 million in the prior year. I would like to now turn to the upcoming fiscal fourth quarter. You may recall that the prior year included the 53rd week, which contributed a $112 million in revenues last year. In addition we also recognized a gain of a $122 million related to the NAM Group settlement. As for those items, I have a few more observation. In the News and Information services segment, overall advertising trends at this point are relatively similar with the fiscal third quarter for our key market. As I noted News American marketing had a timing benefit this quarter which will reverse in Q4 of around $15 million and we will also be lapping a price increase at the Sun, Monday to Friday in the prior year. In Digital Real Estate services, we expect to see improved revenues and continue strong EBITDA contribution at realtor.com. REAs expect phasing of cost to be higher in the fourth quarter versus the year ago in the third quarter, due to increased investment in product innovation in associated marketing expenses. REA will discuss to see more detail during the quarterly conference call, shortly after ours. At book publishing, the environment remains relatively healthy in the fourth quarter however we will have fewer front list titles from the prior year. Notable releases for Q4 will include Dragon Teeth from Michael Crichton and David Williams, World's Worst Children 2 to [indiscernible]. In summary, the quarter demonstrated a few scene, we are a company that is evolving with a unique mix of assets so this continuing our push towards digital. Digital real estate continues to expand, Move's contribution to EBITDA is now solidly positive as we had anticipated and the segment is helping to reshape News Corp's long term growth trajectory. We are taking action to stabilize the News and Information services segment, we're still facing an uncertain print market and we must be diligent on cost and accelerate digital as quickly and impressively as we can. With that let me hand over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] It's time we'll move to Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi Robert, hi Susan. My question is around News and Information services and in particular where there any synergies that's being generated from the recent acquisitions of ARM and Wireless. Any particular, if I look at the News Australia operations that the cost reduction target of $40 million that you have in place at the moment. Does that take into account the benefits of the combination with ARM or do you think these say the cost benefit to come?
Susan Panuccio: Just in relation to News Australia and the ARM acquisition, so I think what we'll find in the current year is that we will have integration cost largely offsetting any synergies that we will get, but we are expecting to see benefits coming through in this next financial year. So they are not included in the $40 million target that they are closing. So we are on track to deliver that $40 million target for this financial year. In relation to Wireless I'll now hand it over to Robert to talk about that integration.
Robert Thomson: Yeah thanks very much Susan. Entcho I think what we are seeing, is what we hope to see which is a real complementarity in the offering of the two. You've seen talkSPORT drive way to the Sun and the Sun drive business to talkSPORT. We're also seeing portfolio at pitches with the Wireless Group, the Sun, Storyful, Unruly, generating new business and obviously it's the early stage of the new partnership in UK. But Rebekah Brooks and the team are doing an excellent job in ensuring that the teams are talking to each other, working with each other and generating returns to shareholders.
Michael Florin: Thanks Entcho. Matt, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move to John Janedis with Jeffries.
John Janedis: Thank you. Rob, there is been a lot of discussion, as you know in the industry about the new cycle and the impact circulation. But based on what you are seeing at the Journal. How do you think about the medium term this type of opportunity, and can you talk about to what extent there is a some sort of positive cross platform advertising benefit?
Robert Thomson: John, we are standing in the middle of an interesting cycle, there is no doubt, a premium unpremium news and we are seeing that in the continuing growth in paid digital subs, the Wall Street Journal up 34% year-on-year. And for us there is an added benefit, which is we obviously see those news subscribers as a potential pool of our customers for an upsell to even more premium products, whether it be through to a high network individuals, semi-professional fund managers or those who are specialist like yourself in finance take commodities FX, whatever. So for us there is a double benefit, we are introducing a new generation of readers into the highest quality paid content and we are able to than bring them further into due diligence hold with our traditional professional information business products.
Michael Florin: Thanks John. Matt, we will take our next question please.
Operator: We will now move to Kyle Baker with Guggenheim Securities.
Kyle Baker: Great, thanks for the question guys. I believe in her prepared remarks, Susan you said that the 53rd week will be a $112 million revenue impact, is there any way you guys can quantify the EBITDA impact of the 53rd week in the fiscal fourth quarter, as well as any color by segment if you have it? Thank you.
Susan Panuccio: So I think we in previous calls we have obviously quoted the $112 million revenue number, but we don't talk about what the EBITDA impact is. I think that this way for you to look at that is to apply the normalized year-to-date margins and that would be view a good proxy to the EBITDA impact.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Matt, we will take our next question please.
Operator: And the next question will be from Brian Han, with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Good morning. Can you please talk about the $10 million increase in EBITDA loss in the other division and is that an area that we should be focused on to see the progress of your cost drive across the group?
Susan Panuccio: So the other division include, corporate cost now headquarter cost and our strategy team, but it also includes a severance amount this quarter as well which is what you are seeing and why you are seeing the increase coming through.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Matt we will take our next question please.
Operator: And that will be from Craig Huber, with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes, thank you. Just curious, any updated thoughts expectations here about the billion 85 of cash, it sits on the balance sheet here, I mean this there is a huge amount of cash on balance sheet for roughly four years its only changes here, is the mindset change it all here to potentially to buyback any stock or what's the game planning here, as I get this a question a lot from investors?
Robert Thomson: Thanks Craig and thanks for passing on the question Craig. It's a very silent one, it's a situation we constantly has under review as you know, we have a semi-annual dividend in place, the big buybacks up to around $71 million of provision for buybacks of $500 million. But we've divided, look really into three areas, opportunistic acquisitions, internal investment and capital. And if you look at the three main investments we have made which is realtor.com via Move, Harlequin and Wireless Group, you would have to agree that they played a crucial role in transforming our business. There is no doubt that if you noted out the $600 million we invested in Realtor has fundamentally transform the company and as you can see given the increasing growth in both revenue and EBITDA that I will say digital businesses in general and the ability that Harlequin has given HarperCollins, to move from one language to 17 languages is quite profound and that has also increased our digital footprint. And you can see the early signs in UK of the value of the Wireless Group. So we will continue to be opportunistic that we will continue to have the situation under review.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig I think just to add Roberts thought from those matters, that I think just to reiterate my point that I made at the start of my statements. We will continue to look at opportunities that drive higher growth and value per share in the long term and we will look at everything.
Michael Florin: Thank you Craig. Matt we will take our next question
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll now move to Raymond Tong with Evans and Partners.
Raymond Tong: Good morning Robert and Susan. Just the question on Move and can you maybe talk a bit in more detail in the acceleration of the revenue growth at Move, sort of talked about some of the new products there and also a sense of just the EBITDA growth contributions from Move during the quarter please?
Robert Thomson: Ray the contribution to EBITDA growth was $22 million for the quarter, where we continue to expect EBITDA growth and revenue growth in Q4 without giving a detailed forecast. What we're seeing is that the traditional products like Co-Broke, which is up 34% year-on-year doing well, the newer products are also taking off, as well as our experience in advertising and in traditional media is enabling us to get better quality yields at Move. So there was a 33% growth in non-listing media revenues. So all-in-all that ability that we have to learn from our experience at REA, our ability to generate audience through marketed platforms, which gives us a marketing edge and our ability to create a site, that's not just a listing side for Realtor's and vendors but also a site that is holistic real estate experience with more news, more analysis than any other means that we certainly have a comparative advantage going forward.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Matt we will take our next question please?
Operator: This will be a follow-up from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes hi. I was just curious, in the newspaper division, if you exclude the acquisitions and adjust for currency, how much was the cost down year-over-year please?
Susan Panuccio: Excluding the acquisitions, we think the cost were down probably low-single digits, predominantly being driven by Dow Jones. So they've seen a good decreasing cost quarter-on-quarter year-on-year around 4%. We are also seeing some cost decreases coming through in relation to some of the other divisions within that segment, but it's predominantly being driven by the Wall Street Journal.
Craig Huber: Sorry is that also adjusting for currency as well the down low-single?
Susan Panuccio: Yes correct.
Craig Huber: And also, if I could ask…
Michael Florin: Matt we'll take our next question please?
Operator: We'll move on to Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Thanks. Just one follow-up question, you guys mentioned before about opportunistic acquisitions, are there any such opportunities in Australia, if the recently announced media reform package gets passed?
Robert Thomson: We don't speculate on speculation. All I would say on the subject of media reform, is that really we do need comprehensive holistic wholesale media reform in Australia. We have a set of loads that are more for the Goldenberg [ph] era than the Zuckerberg era and as long as there is wholesale reform, we'll be supported by them.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Matt we will take our next question please?
Operator: It will be from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz: Thank you. Just touching on the digital sales and the news rental services, you've clearly gained a lot from newspapers over the last couple of quarters, and I'm wondering how that's impacting your advertising particularly CPMs inventory, just the what kind of momentum are you seeing? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: I think, it's a very good question and it's one that was spending a lot of time and energy across our market looking at our ability to increase yields as we identify reader demographics and that's obviously at the very heart of the new advertising platform that we're building here in the US. We know that across the U.S. monthly we on our sites including Realtor, we have around 220 million visitors combined with our newspaper mastered audiences that is a valuable source of audience for advertisers and we're doing our very best to monetize it in a way that make sense to advertisers, increasingly find themselves on third-party networks unable to be sure the company that they're keeping.
Susan Panuccio: I think I'd also add that we are seeing good digital growth across some markets, so we are seeing growth across News Australia, News UK on a year-to-date basis for the Wall Street Journal and the New York Post. And also pleasingly we're seeing ARPU growing. So I think that equally is important on the circulation side as what is on the advertising side.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Matt we will take our next question?
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue, so I'll turn it back over to you Mr. Florin for any additional or closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Great thanks Matt. Thank you for all participating today. Have a great day and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: And again that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-02-09 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert Thomson - Chief Executive Officer Bedi Singh - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Brian Han - Morningstar Raymond Tong - Evans and Partners Pty Ltd Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the News Corp’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. Media is allowed to join today's conference in a listen-only basis. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Catherine. Hello everyone and welcome to News Corp’s fiscal second quarter 2017 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 45 minutes ago and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today, Robert Thomson, Chief Executive, and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We’ll open with some prepared remarks, and then we’ll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. In the second quarter, we saw the efficacy of our strategic reinvestment and digital diversification; both were evident in our increased operating profitability in the quarter, when the challenges in the advertising marketplace, which is in the midst of transition, were patent. We achieved 16% EBITDA growth year-over-year driven by strong performance at our Digital Real Estate Services segment and robust revenues at HarperCollins, along with appropriate and ongoing management of the cost base at our new mastheads. As noted in the press release, reported earnings were significantly impacted by non-cash reduction in the carrying value of Foxtel and a non-cash impairment charge related to our print properties in Australia, while they also benefited from a one-time gain as a result of the cash proceeds from the sale of REA European business. Revenues overall were relatively stable, adjusting for foreign currency fluctuations. And that came despite the obvious blustery headwinds in print advertising. As I mentioned, our results this quarter demonstrate the profound importance of becoming more diverse, more digital and more global. Our core platform has been bolstered by a determined expansion in Digital Real Estate, which is well on the way to becoming the largest contributor to our profitability. This segment posted another strong quarter with a 16% year-over-year revenue increase, improved EBITDA margins and sizable audience gains. We are now the largest digital property business in the world with a strong and growing presence in the U.S., Australia, India and East Asia. We are more global, as evidenced by the extension of our publishing footprint with the developments of the international platform we acquired with Harlequin which has given us greater access to authors and readers in a broader number of languages and regions. The last month, we announced that we were achieving full ownership of HarperCollins Brazil. And we're more digital because of strategic investments in our news platforms, as well as the influence of our innovative acquisitions including Storyful, Unruly and Checkout 51. Digital focus has helped the News and Information Services segment garner 27% of its revenues through digital, up from 22% last year. We are also testing our own digital ad network, which will provide a measurable high quality audience for advertisers. We are increasingly wary and rightly so about the murky, tenebrous world of digital advertising. Thanks to this strategy. We believe we are far better positioned than our perceived peers to weather the storms buffeting the media and publishing landscape. We continue to emphasize the importance of cost control and collaboration between and among our businesses. We faced similar challenges and are sharing expertise and insight. Our masters are committed to producing high quality content verified by a talented breed of fact checkers called journalists. We are in an era in which integrity is priceless, yet digital distributors have long being a platform for the fake, the foe and the fallacious, highlighting an issue, which we have long stressed that they have eroded the integrity of content by undermining its prominence. Put simply, content distributors are profiting at the expense of content creators and at the expense of veracity. There are clearly social as well as commercial consequences to this contradiction and the issue is far from being resolved, a tweak to an algorithm or fact check hero there does not address the basic problem. Ad agencies and their programmatic networks are also at fault, because they have sometimes artificially aggregated audiences and these are then applied with content of dubious provenance. The agencies win, the fabricators of fake win, and advertisers and society both lose. Affinity and integrity are core elements of a sustainable relationship between advertisers and consumers and yet affinity and integrity of far too often missing in the modern marketplace. Audiences are craving integrity, which is why so many of our markets have reported strong growth in readers and subscribers. As an example, The Wall Street Journal experienced a significant increase in page digital subscribers through the election, adding more than 110,000 in Q2 compared to Q1 and surpassing 1 million now representing more than 50% of the total subscriber base. This reflects an increased appetite for quality journalism in an era of remarkable upheaval and in the ad market, there has been an awakening and they will surely be a reckoning. Advertisers want reassurance that their products are displayed in suitable surroundings. They don't want modeled metrics and they don't want digital platforms and ad agencies arbitraging ambiguity. The dangers of Chief Marketing Officers chasing fashion rather than function was highlighted in The Times of London today. Some of the world's best most prestigious brands are inadvertently funding extremists and hardcore pornographies. I suggest that you read the times, it's a subscription side, but that should be no problem for all of you. We are confident that our premium platforms and our great journalism will ultimately be beneficiaries of this reckoning. Let us turn to our platforms and business in more detail. At Move, home of realtor.com, we saw 10% revenue growth, adjusted for the sale of TigerLead in November. Our headline revenue growth in the quarter was 7% and as previously indicated, we expect that rate to rise in coming quarters. Importantly, as anticipated, Move contributed $10 million of the increase in segment EBITDA this quarter and we are confident that contribution will expand in the second half and in the years to come. Realtor.com continues to increase traffic versus the prior year and remains the strongest player in the industry in terms of audience engagement. That intensity has helped improve lead volume always an important measure of potential income for this business. We are acutely conscious of the need to provide an incomparable service for our realtor clients. We are renovating the Move house whilst living in it. One example is the advanced launch of our Vantage product in December harvesting real time feedback about potential lead and providing more targeted prominence for realtor’s providence. We continue to develop and roll out additional products, such as the launch last month of Sign Snap and Street Peek, which use image recognition and augmented reality technologies to provide consumers with an enhanced experience on their smartphones and we are driving traffic between realtor.com and our network of new sites, which provide a valuable flow of real estate analysis and intelligence. In Australia, REA announced the sale of its European sites during Q2, which they believe lacked scale. The transaction extracted value for our shareholders and allowed from more intense focus on the Asian marketplace with a stronger growth potential. In January, REA invested in PropTiger, which recently combined with Housing.com to become India's largest digital real estate company. News Corp as an existing stake in PropTiger and remains the largest holder in this Indian portal with roughly 38% combined stake, reflecting our direct investment and REA’s interest. For the quarter, REA reported 19% revenue growth, 14% excluding currency impact and continue to drive higher traffic and engagement despite lower listing volume this quarter. For the first half, the fiscal 2017, REA’s audience in Australia has remained more than twice the size of its newest competitor and visitors spent 7.6 time more time on the site. In book publishing, HarperCollins experienced strong revenue growth in the quarter and a higher operating margin. As we saw the value as the broad roster of books that appealed to and explains the heartland of America focusing on all Americans and not just in narrow elite. A case in point to Hillbilly Elegy with continuing good sales as well as a significant impact on the public disclose, in the wake of President Trump’s victory in November. We had particular success from the Christian Group, which has an empathetic insight into animates and motivates many Americans, and has been the source of several bestsellers, in the most recent quarter. Among these is Magnolia story, which performed well as did the Sarah Young books, Jesus Always and Jesus Calling. In the quarter, Megyn Kelly, Settle for More also generated significant revenue and much debate, so it was not a key driver of EBITDA growth. Looking ahead, we see other books with broad-based appeal in this fiscal year including Hidden Figures, the book that is the basis for the autonomous Fox Film and Veronica Roth, latest work carve the Mark is also off to a good start. At Dow Jones, well advertising remains challenged to business continue to drive higher circulation revenues through increased digital subscriptions and higher pricing. Work on the WSJ2020 initiative continues as we accelerate change the cost structure, and management of the business to align it more closely with the digital and mobile future. As for print advertising, we are seeing signs of some moderation of declines in Q3. But the market is volatile and it would be improper to make a firm prediction at this stage. At the New York Post, digital advertising revenues in the quarter exceeded those of print and the Post Digital Network at an average monthly audience in the quarter of approximately 58 million, including of the 76 million in November, a sign of obvious reader interest in the election and its aftermath. News American Marketing was a bright spot with growing revenues as domestic in store advertising showed improvement and highlighted the importance of our presence at the point of purchase. The positive numbers despite the investment spending in Checkout 51, the digital app, which now has 12.5 million members and is well ahead of schedule and providing the entire company with a source of value actionable data. At News UK, the Times in print materially outperformed its peers based on market share, as evidenced by 9% volume growth year-over-year. The Times and the Sunday Times also expanded the digital subscriptions. The Sun’s global digital audience reached approximately 61 million in December, representing more than 150% year-over-year increase and the Sun audience expanded to 71 million in January. Wireless Group revenues grew in local currency versus the prior year on a standalone basis, driven by talkSPORT. We can talkSPORT as having a long-term and profoundly positive effect on the Sun. These are clearly complementary platforms and the cross-promotional power is formidable. News Corp Australia faced challenges in the quarter, as we continue to consolidate operations were sensible and to emphasize the unique of our platforms in Australia. We saw the completion of the Sky News deal and the Australia regional media purchase and we sell the Sunday Times in Perth our stake in Carsguide. Around at the company, we are divesting where appropriate and investing where growth and profit beckon. Our digital mastheads in Australia continue to grow and ended the quarter with 309,000 digital subscribers, a 21% increase year-over-year adjusted for some divestitures. Fox Sports announced the extension of National Soccer, that is, Football rides through 2022 further cementing its role, along with Foxtel, as the home of Live Sports in Australia. We now have Aussie Rules, Rugby League and Soccer sign up for the next five or so years giving us an opportunity to build a franchise in each of these important sports. Even with increased competition from lesser quality SVOD players, Foxtel’s broadcast subscriptions in the quarter were relatively flat versus the prior year. Foxtel is focusing on enhanced IP offerings through Foxtel Play, which replaces Presto, to better capture the more affordable segment of the market. We want the new management team to focus on the Foxtel brand and functionality. There is no doubt that Foxtel has the most compelling content set and the user interface should be as compelling. Although there were challenges in the quarter, we continue to believe Foxtel has the long-term potential to drive higher penetration, while improved broadband pricing should make a bundled offer more attractive. In conclusion, as evidenced by EBITDA growth this quarter, News Corp is in the midst of a positive transition that is far different than the fate befalling many of our peers. Throughout our businesses, we are enhancing our digital strengths and collaborating creatively across our businesses, while astutely and resolutely cutting costs. We believe in the value of our trusted brands, the provenance of our content and the long-term profits that will flow for all our investors. And now for a deeper dive into the details, I defer to Bedi.
Bedi Singh: Thanks, Robert. We reported fiscal 2017 second quarter total revenue of $2.1 billion, down around 2% compared to the prior year. Currency had a $53 million unfavorable impact to revenues with modest year-over-year improvement in the Australian dollar more than offset by continued weakness in the pound sterling. Reported total segment EBITDA was $325 million, compared to $280 million up 16% versus the prior year. For the quarter EPS from continuing operation were negative $0.50 compared to $0.15 in the prior year. Significant non-recurring items impacting EPS in the current quarter include a pretax non-cash impairment charge of $310 million principally related to fixed assets of the Australian Publishing business. In addition, equity earnings of affiliates include a pretax write-down of $227 million to reduce our carrying value of Foxtel. These were offset in part by a pretax gain of $120 million at REA from the sale of the European businesses and a significant improvement in our operating results. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations were $0.19 versus $0.20 in the prior year, and adjusted EPS excludes the items I just mentioned and the other items shown in the press release reconciliation table. Turning to the Individual Operating segments. At News and Information Services revenues for the quarter decreased 7% from the prior year to approximately $1.3 billion and within segment revenues advertising which accounted for 53% of revenue this quarter decreased around 9% or down 8% of local currency driven by weaker global print ad trends. Circulation and subscription revenues decreased 5%, but rose 1% in local currency driven by price increases and higher paid digital volume offset by lower print volume. News and Information Services segment EBITDA this quarter was $142 million down from $158 million in the prior period or approximately 10% down driven principally by lower print advertising revenues, partially offset by cost saving initiatives and higher profit contribution at News America Marketing and at News UK versus the prior year. Looking now at performance across our key units, at Dow Jones total ad revenue declined around 20% similar to the prior quarter rate as the Wall Street Journal continue to face challenges in several ad categories including business to consumer, finance and technology. Circulation revenues at Dow Jones grew 6%, driven by higher subscription pricing and higher digital paid subscribers. And professional information business revenues were relatively stable with the prior year similar to last quarter. And as we mentioned last quarter, Dow Jones has begun the implementation of cost savings initiatives under its WSJ 20/20 plan with a target of approximately 8% or $100 million in cost savings on an annualized basis by the end of fiscal 2018. We continue to expect a pre-tax restructuring charge of $50 million to $60 million for this fiscal year including $17 million that was reflected in this quarter. At News Australia, advertising revenues remain challenged and for the quarter declined 12% or approximately 15% in local currency with continued weakness in retail, real estate and auto. Circulation revenues at News Australia increased 1%, but were slightly lower in local currency as cover price increases and higher paid digital subs were more than offset by print volume declines. On the cost initiatives, as I mentioned last quarter, we are on track for an additional AUD 40 million in cost savings in the second half and continue to seek additional cost reductions this year. As I mentioned earlier, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of $310 million, reflecting a write-down of the carrying value on our fixed assets in Australia. Following this impairment, the carrying value of the remaining long-lived assets at News Australia is approximately $420 million. At News UK, whilst reported advertising revenues decreased 29%, ad revenues were down only in low-teens and local currency due to print declines, a slight improvement from the prior quarter rate. Reported circulation revenues at News UK declined high-teens versus the prior year quarter, but were flat in local currency as cover price increases were offset by single copy volume declines. News UK benefited this quarter from a combination of cost savings initiatives including lower sports rights cost for the Sun, lower marketing and lower production costs. Wireless Group contributed about $25 million of reported revenues this quarter, representing low single-digit growth in local currency driven by talkSPORT. The integration into News UK is progressing well. Commercial efforts are now focused on extending News UK's reach, particularly in sport. All of the News UK brands and platforms are now involved in sharing content, talent and driving cross promotion. At News America Marketing, the business continues to perform well with revenues up low-single digits versus the prior year driven by the strength of installed promotions, which grew mid-teens offsetting declines and freestanding inserts. We saw increased CPG spending from flagship brands in part due to the addition of new retailers and operational enhancements, And at Checkout 51 as Robert mentioned, we achieved 12.5 million numbers during the quarter ahead of schedule while incurring $8 million in investment spending during this quarter. Turning to the Book Publishing segment, we had another very strong performance with the revenues of $466 million, up 4% compared to the prior year. This quarter benefited from the continued success of backlist titles including Hillbilly Elegy by J.D. Vance, and Sarah Young Jesus Always and Jesus Calling. Revenue growth also benefited from strong front list titles including The Magnolia Story by Chip and Joanna Gaines, Patricia Cornwell’s Chaos and The Midnight Gang by David Walliams. Megyn Kelly, Settle for More also contributed to the growth and revenue this quarter. Total digital revenues, which include audio books were approximately 16% of consumer revenues with digital sales rising modestly over the prior year quarter for the first time in two years, driven principally by audio books. In segment EBITDA of $75 million improved by 32% versus the prior year helped by higher revenue noted above and the mix benefit from the higher margin backlist titles. In Digital Real Estate Services, reported revenues for the segment increased $34 million or 16% to $242 million and adjusted revenues increased 10%. The reported segment EBITDA was $95 million, up $22 million or 30% versus the prior year, benefiting from strong contribution at both Move and REA. REAs revenue grew 90% or approximately 14% in local currency, due to an increase in Australian residential depth revenue benefiting from favorable product mix and higher prices coupled with a modest revenue contribution from iProperty. This was partially offset by the impact from lower listing volumes. REA reported the first-half results today, and just concluded the conference call, which provided more detail. Move revenues excluding the results of its TigerLead business, which was sold in November last year rose approximately 10%, the $91 million versus the prior year, reflecting continued strong performance from Co-Broke and higher lead volume. On a reported basis, revenues rose 7%, the $93 million. TigerLead generated $17 million of revenue last year, but was declining as a lead generation source and had a very modest profit contribution. As Robert mentioned, Realtor launched advantage in early December and new market price product targeted the listing agents and have some set, it showcase product. While it’s early in the rollout, we are pleased with the take up rate and with the positive feedback from our customers. We continue to expect revenue growth to improve in the second half and to see increasing EBITDA contribution this fiscal year versus the prior year. For the quarter, Move contributed $10 million to segment EBITDA growth and average monthly unique user growth at Realtor.com remains strong up mid-teens year-over-year to $44 million in the quarter. In Cable Network Programming revenues fell 2% with $104 million compared to the prior year quarter, reflecting lower subscription and advertising revenues partially impacted by the absence of the Rugby World Cup in the prior year. Segment EBITDA in the quarter rose 31% to $51 million due to the absence of programming rights costs related to the Rugby World Cup and the English Premier League. With respect to earnings of affiliates, equity income was negative $238 million this quarter compared to positive $15 million last year. As noted earlier, this quarter includes a $227 million pretax non-cash adjustment to step down the carrying value of Foxtel as a result of the flow through impact of lower EBITDA and the projected future cash flows. And recall that prior to the operation of new News Corp in fiscal 2013, the Company acquired an additional 25% stake in Foxtel through Consolidated Media Holdings and had stepped up its carrying value and recognize at pretax non-cash gain of $900 million at that time. As a result of this adjustment, the current carrying value of News Corp’s 50% stake in Foxtel is now $1.2 billion and we also hold a $325 million shareholder note new from Foxtel. And again for clarity, all the amounts I just mentioned are all in U.S. dollars. Our equity loss pick up for this quarter also included a $9 million negative impact related to a change in the fair value of Foxtel’s investment in Ten Network and $2 billion loss related to Foxtel’s Presto wind down. We expect Foxtel to incur additional Presto shutdown costs in the third quarter, in the range of $20 million to $25 million with our share being at 50% of that range. Regarding its operational performance, Foxtel ended the quarter with more than 2.8 million total subscribers with closing cable and satellite subscribers flat compared to the prior year. In the second quarter, cable and satellite churn was at 15.6% comparable to the first quarter which was primarily related to customers under no contract offers, as well as seasonal sport disconnections. Foxtel revenues for the quarter increased 1% to $602 million, but were down 3% in local currency. And EBITDA decreased 7% to $144 million, but was down 10% in local currency due to the decrease in revenue and increases in programming costs specifically in local production and sports partially offset by lower transmission costs. Cable satellite ARPU for the quarter was down approximately 4% to around AUD 86. Capital expenditures from continuing operations for the first half was at $108 million lower than the $120 million in the prior year. And for the upcoming fiscal third quarter just a few points to note. Whilst global print trends remain uncertain at our newspaper operations, we expect further cost saving initiatives across our news mastheads. We also expect to see growth that News America Marketing led by in-store promotions. In Digital Real Estate Services, we expect to see increased EBITDA contribution and improved revenues at realtor.com combined with continued growth at REA. Book publishing should continue to benefit from a strong release slate, we're encouraged by the success of Margot Lee Shetterly's hidden figures and we'll also have the release of Veronica Roth’s Carve the Mark. And that cable network programming, rights costs should be down modestly in local currency given the absence of EPL rights. So in summary, as we had expected this quarter demonstrated the importance of Digital Real Estate to our growth trajectory. The importance of a strong portfolio of content at HarperCollins and the ability to monetize global rights. And finally, our commitment to improving the cost structure at News and Information Services. And with that, let me hand it back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis: Hi. Thank you. On Dow Jones, with the revenue there more than 50% digital, how quickly are the digital circulation and advertising buckets growing? Is the Journal primarily competing with Facebook and Google or traditional publishers for ad budgets? And what is the time line of the $100 million in cost savings?
Robert Thomson: John, Robert here. I think the journal itself has quite distinctive audience as you can imagine both by virtue of income and demography generally. And it's difficult to imagine Facebook, Snapchat or anyone else replicating what is a unique audience. And I think that's what the team at Dow Jones are emphasizing. A unique audience is growing because of its unique quality content and the push for WSJ2020 is not only to improve the flow of news, but to make much more efficient, the actual delivery of the content in ways that suit the contemporary user. Generally speaking at Dow Jones, as you said, digital revenues are growing both in terms of advertising, circulation revenues up around 6%. And in terms of print this quarter, as I mentioned earlier, it's hard to give you a definite outlook for this quarter, but certainly thus far the decline is moderating.
Bedi Singh: And just with regard to the cost savings that we mentioned on the WSJ2020, we expecting to take out $100 million on an annualized basis by the end of fiscal 2018.
Michael Florin: Thanks, John. Catherine, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Bedi. My question is around Foxtel, firstly around the churn rise, which has remained around that 15%, 16% marks. Do you expect that to decrease in coming quarters as perhaps you get into more favorable comps? And just on Foxtel as well, you've obviously detail the expected shutdown costs around Presto, will there be any output deals, which will remain on force that will also need to be renegotiated that my stay would be with the Foxtel platform and we continue to incur costs?
Robert Thomson: Entcho, I'll handle the first part of that question. As you say Q2 churn is around 15.6% compared to 10.3% in the prior year during Q2, but clearly there a lot of offers that in the market. No contract sales offices, which aren't necessarily more fluid. Also last year at this time, we had the Rugby World Cup, whereas as you know Australia performed unexpectedly well, which was obviously auspicious façade. There is no Rugby World Cup, this year, but we are entering a crucial sales period for the key core winter sports Rugby League in Aussie rules. And so over the next two quarters, we obviously expect to see stronger results, but look there are office out there with the phasing out of Presto and the focusing on Foxtel play and it’s certainly up to our team in Australia to prove to customers what we all know to be in fact that the offering in sports and other programming by Foxtel is far superior to that of the competition.
Bedi Singh: I think in terms of the question you had on the Presto shutdown, look we expect, as I said for additional costs in the coming quarter. I mean, we don't comment on specific output deals, but we have recently linear HBO. I think that was announced and the team there is keeping a very close eye on the costs.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Entcho. Catharine, we will take our next question please.
Operator: We’ll go to Craig Huber with Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Yes, thank you. Just want say right upfront just forgive the tone of this question, I mean no disrespect here, but just bear with me a second. Your stock is down as you know, about 20% from mid 2013 when you are separate out from your parent company. The S&P 500 however is up 45% since then and any industry that own your stock for a significant period of time. It's pretty frustrated here to imagine. I'm just wondering if you and your Board, the Murdoch family was seriously considered doing some different as you think out over the next 12 to 18 months and what the current game plan has been here over the last three and a half years, I mean potentially sell underperforming assets, spin-offs and assets potentially step up the share buyback significantly with the $1 billion plus on the balance sheet of cash, raise the dividend significantly, clearly investors don’t buy into the current game plan. I’m just wondering if there is any appetite at your level, the Board’s level, the Murdoch family level potentially different here in the next 12 to 18 months. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Craig, Robert here. This has been taken, as you know that - as we made clear to investors, we are in the midst of transition. You can see what's happening to the used type of business that's no secret to anyone and to the someone as observing as you that's certainly no secret at all. As you also realize, we've made a series of investments and divestments including Amplify. So it is a company in transition. We are seeing that [Craig] you asked about change, the character of the company itself is changed based on the traditional principles that were fuel to success for the old News Corp for many decades. But it's also a company which is using that expertise for example in news and judgment analysis to enhance its profile in digital real estate, which is now the fastest growing sector of the company itself. And as you can tell from both our numbers in our voices, we're optimistic about the expeditious evolution of that particular sector. At heart, as we are, as we have always been focused on the long-term value per share and we're quite confident that over a period that will become evident to all.
Michael Florin: Thank you, Craig. Catharine, we will take our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Good afternoon, gentlemen. In the News and Information Services division, can you please give us a rough idea as to the percentage of its revenue from North America marketing? And also, in the impairment for Foxtel, what penetration rate are you assuming now for the long-term?
Robert Thomson: Just on News America marketing, Brian, all I can tell you is that we’re very pleased with the performance with the in-store sales. As we've indicated, the freestanding inserts, which are themselves probably dependent on the newspaper business nationally, haven't been performing as well, but the particularly strong position in installed does indeed prove the privacy of point of purchase and we're working with our partners in that area to further develop our expertise and dovetailing that expertise with the data and intelligence that we are harvesting from Checkout 51. So overall for that segment, we are quite confident about performance and potential.
Bedi Singh: And just with respect to Foxtel obviously, we don't comment on the specific assumptions that we use, but we do expect Foxtel to improve as a business. The management team there is working hard. They have a target to improve subscribers into their future. Clearly, they've got some cost challenges and we have the meeting those head on, but I would say we're optimistic about Foxtel’s future.
Brian Han: Thank you.
Michael Florin: Catherine, we’ll take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go to Raymond Tong with Evans and Partners. Mr. Tong, your line is open. Please check your mute button.
Raymond Tong: Hello.
Robert Thomson: Hey Raymond.
Raymond Tong: Good morning, Robert. Good morning, Bedi. Just a question on the books division, clearly the growth is improving, then you still talked about how and you've got some good lineup books coming. How do you think, we should be thinking of that margin for the next couple quarters in the medium-term?
Robert Thomson: Well, the books business is difficult to forecast to long-term, but what we're very confident about is the broader strategy to Brian Marion and the team have developed for internationalization of HarperCollins through the purchase of Harlequin. The ability that gives us not only to take advantage of the front and but also backwards books. And secondly that as Bedi has outlined, the current roster of books, which is performing particularly well and during we sell. Interestingly, we are seeing an uptick in digital sales and fascinatingly part of that is due to the popularity of digital audio. But as I mentioned earlier on, we are particularly heartened by the Nashville based HarperCollins Christian business, which is generating a lot of titles, which unmatched by other publishers given orientation and generating a lot of revenue
Michael Florin: Thanks, Raymond. Catherine, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: Thanks. I thought I had tapped in star-one, but I guess I didn't. So thanks for taking this. Robert, I'm intrigued by your comments on fake news and also your complaint about how automated ad exchanges are benefiting the fake new sites, as well as the ad agencies. And you mentioned, I believe, starting up a digital ad network. Now I thought you already were quite active in programmatic buying or selling of your inventory. So I'm wondering if you could speak a bit more about what you're up to, what you will be doing that's new and different versus what you've been doing to date, and how you may be able to channel ad dollars to your site, your journalistic sites, as opposed to, say, a fake news site that I might start up one day, or anybody else. So I'm just curious, how do you think you can use this to monetize your business better?
Robert Thomson: Well, Tim, what I can talk about is the broad principle, which is harnessing the audience that we have from a different mastheads and related real estate sites around the world where you and verified environment where the advertising can be authenticated, where advertisers are not embarrassed by the guilt by association that's clearly evident in the Times of London report today. I think many of our executives have been talking about the lack of veracity in digital metrics. They are mad metrics. And I think we are reaching a point where this awakening by advertising becoming a reckoning which makes a verified environment of quality content with a quality demographic much more desirable. And I'm fairly certain that advertisers will start to be more digitally discerning. And while not going into too much detail about what our plans are at this stage, we're not quite ready to do that, but our plan is fairly well advanced. We do believe that we will be the beneficiaries of that reckoning.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Tim. And Catherine we will take our next question please.
Operator: We’ll go to Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz: Thank you. You guys have been very transparent about the cost savings initiatives throughout your News and Info Services business, but can you give us an idea about much capital you've brought back into the business to bolster the digital side, and maybe how much has been in the last year? Just trying to understand how to quantify the investments versus the cost savings. Thank you.
Bedi Singh: We haven't given that sort of a specific number, but I think we have said in the past that when you look at our capital expenditures, a significant part of the CapEx is IT related and within that IT related bucket quite a lot of it goes into - investing into digital products. So even though CapEx is down, year-over-year the percent there that remains focused on digital is about the same. So that’s one why of probably thinking about the kind of investment we are making. Obviously, there is OpEx costs in addition to CapEx. And we don't generally break those out, but most of our OpEx investments are being focused more and more towards digital.
Eric Katz: Great. Thank you.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Eric. Catherine we'll take our next question.
Operator: And with no additional questions, Mr. Florin, I’d like to turn the floor back over to you.
Michael Florin: Great. Thank you, Catherine. Thank you all for participating. We'll talk to you soon. Have a good night.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all again for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-11-07 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Welcome to News Corp First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Matt. Hello, everyone, and Welcome to News Corp's Fiscal First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com.
 On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community.
 This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information.
 Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements such as total segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release.
 With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments. 
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. The most recent quarter has highlighted the continuing digital development at News Corp at a time of great transition for media companies, many of which are struggling to cope with e-evolution. Our growing portfolio of Digital Products and our global character have enabled us, not only to weather those profound changes, but to build a firm foundation for profitable future. There is no doubt that 2 of our core markets, the U.S. and U.K., have been characterized by a certain amount of uncertainty in the economic and political environment, but we have remained focused on developing long term and robust sources of revenue while curtailing costs without undermining the quality of our uniquely valuable content. Collaboration among our businesses has increased, with the sharing of lessons, software and data to provide more valuable insights for our clients, readers and advertisers. 
 During the first quarter of financial year 2017, despite a distinctly soft print advertising market and patent weakness in the British pound, our revenues were down only slightly. It is thus clear that our emphasis on digital real estate has given the company more resilience in even difficult trading periods. 
 We are still at the early stages of that real estate development, particularly in the U.S., where we are renovating realtor.com while still living in the house. We expect the rates of growth at realtor.com will increase later in the year as new products and pricing take hold in a U.S. property market that is itself still recovering from the extreme dislocation of the financial crisis. 
 In the most recent quarter, total segment EBITDA declined 21% versus the prior year, but half of that decrease was due to planned investments and onetime transaction costs, and we do not expect the quarterly performance to be reflective of the full year results. In fact, we expect to see EBITDA improvements in the remainder of the year, largely driven by growth in digital real estate and at HarperCollins. 
 As our real estate business continues to evolve and expand, we are now highlighting listing-based revenues separately in the Digital Real Estate Services segment to better reflect our performance and provide a clearer indication of the trajectory in that increasingly important sector. 
 Significantly, this highlights our reduced reliance on traditional advertising, which today accounts for only 1/3 of our total revenues.
 In addition to the strength of digital real estate, we are also pleased with the trends in Book Publishing and at News America Marketing, which showed continuing growth in its in-store product revenue and is ahead of schedule in achieving its year-end goal of 10 million downloads of the Checkout 51 app, which provides incentives to shoppers and unique marketing opportunities for consumer goods producers and retailers. 
 As mentioned, one of the more profound changes at News Corp since its reincarnation in 2013 is the burgeoning of the digital real estate business, building on our early success with REA in Australia and complementing that with investments in the U.S, East Asia and India. 
 REA performed well again in the quarter despite some weakness in listing volume. Pricing improved, and services provided to agents were enhanced. 
 Revenues expanded by 16% in local currency, including sales at the recently acquired iProperty. REA is the clear market leader in Australia and has proven the robustness of its business by expanding reach and revenue despite macroeconomic fluctuations in Australia. 
 Move, which operates realtor.com, experienced 9% revenue growth in the first quarter as we revamped the site and retooled its products. With the rollout of Showcase 2.0 in December and deeper penetration from the recently launched seller leads [ph] and turbo products, we are confident revenue momentum will build in coming months.
 We firmly believe realtor.com will make a meaningful contribution to segment revenue and EBITDA growth this year. We are investing for the long term but not at the expense of returns for investors. 
 According to comScore, engagement with realtor.com leads the competition by a significant margin. Since our acquisition of Move, 2 years ago this month, realtor.com's audience has grown more than 60%, and brand awareness of realtor.com is at 87%, which is up more than 25% in the last 18 months.
 In Book Publishing, HarperCollins reported a 14% increase in EBITDA despite a 5% decline in revenue, which was largely the result of the impact of the comparison with last year's sales of Go Set a Watchman, the To Kill a Mockingbird prequel-sequel. The HarperCollins team is increasingly focused on books which resonate beyond the traditional elites as is evident from the popularity of such titles as J. D. Vance's Hillbilly Elegy and Sarah Young's books, including the new Jesus Always, which builds on the success of her Jesus Calling series.
 Also performing well are The Black Widow by Daniel Silva, The Magnolia Story by Joanna and Chip Gaines, and Commonwealth by Ann Patchett. While a consolidation of our international operations in tandem with the Harlequin acquisition has given us a significantly more powerful global platform. We are also able to use our trade assets to market crossover successes from the Harlequin stable of writers, which is increasing both sales and margins for select titles. 
 In coming weeks, we will see the release of the highly anticipated Settle For More by Megyn Kelly. That title Settle For More will be our motto in coming quarters. We also have optimistic expectations for Veronica Roth's next book, Carve The Mark. Veronica wrote the extremely successful Divergent trilogy; and For Chaos by Patricia Cornwall. 
 In news and information across our mastheads, we saw a more challenging print advertising marketplace as has already been articulated by other companies in the sector. While digital advertising increased, that growth was not enough to offset the decline in print. There is no doubt that the advertising market is in upheaval, and that the renewed advertiser focus on view-ability and measurability should naturally benefit trusted brands with accurate metrics. Hype and hip are not alternatives to quality and integrity. 
 In the middle of this commercial commotion, it's appropriate that ad agencies are under scrutiny as too much ad tech is fad tech. 
 Advertising at The Wall Street Journal was down 21%, but our circulation revenue rose 6%, and the number of paid digital subscribers at The Wall Street Journal crossed the 1 million mark in September. The transition at the WSJ was highlighted by the fact that digital accounted for a record 55% of revenues this quarter. Obviously, some of that change is due to the decline in print advertising, but it also reflects the emphasis on broadening the digital subscriber base and the long-term strategy of up selling high-yielding specialist products to those subscribers. 
 Historically, advertising accounted for about half the revenues at Dow Jones, but that ratio is now closer to 1/3. Clearly, there is a renewed emphasis on cost control, including a reduction in headcount at Dow Jones and a redesign of the journal itself. You'll be able to see the results of that redesign in coming weeks, and it will be obvious that print remains a very powerful platform and that the journal has an audience of unique influence and affluence.
 At News Corp Australia, we continued to confront the cost base while broadening our range of digital offerings. We experienced strong digital paid subscriber growth in the first quarter and expanded the number of mastheads with a fremium hybrid model, allowing limited free access along with a paid-for premium subscription. That model builds on the success we have seen at The Australian. 
 Meanwhile, at news.com.au, Australia's leading news website, advertising revenue rose more than 30% in local currency compared to the same period last year. 
 Sport is a vital part of our offering in Australia, which is why we announced the acquisition of the Punters Paradise website in October, offering use, analysis and comparative odds for horse racing and other sports. 
 At the same time, we are keen to dispose of noncore assets to sharpen the focus of our operations. To that end, we sold our stake in New Zealand media and entertainment and hope to complete the sale of CarsGuide and the Sunday Times in Perth by the end of fiscal Q2. 
 At News UK, The Times continues to gain market share and drive higher volume growth, experiencing 13% gain in print circulation in the first quarter in a sector it is too often defined by decline. 
 At The Sun, while advertising revenues have fallen, the digital audience has expanded dramatically since the pay wall was lifted late last year. 
 We are seeking to attract loyal readers with quality content and not digital drive-bys distracted by vacuous contentious click-bait. In September, there were almost 46 million monthly visitors to The Sun compared to 15 million uniques in September 2015 before the lifting of the pay wall. 
 News UK also benefited from cover price increases for its mastheads and from the launch of Sun Bets in August. 
 With the acquisition of Wireless Group, the team at News UK is working on the integration of this valuable asset, leveraging talent across platforms, fashioning new ad packages to take advantage of multimedia opportunities, and cross promoting our brands, including Sun Bets, which should be a powerful generator of future revenue for the company. 
 And speaking of successful popular titles, digital ad revenue for Q1 grew 42% year-over-year at the New York Post, where the broader digital -- post-digital network had a record 65.1 million unique visitors in September, an increase of 109% year-over-year based on internal metrics
 At News America Marketing, in-store price continued to post strong revenue growth driven by the creation of innovative avenues. Point-of-purchase persuasion is a powerful asset that we have in News America Marketing, which also has valuable direct links to advertisers who rely on its unique market intelligence. In the past, digital has been a rather modest part of News America Marketing's offering, but the acquisition of Checkout 51 has changed that outlook dramatically. We had targeted the acquisition of 10 million members this calendar year for Checkout 51 but could top that total this month, if not this week. 
 The larger the audience, the better quality the offerings, the stickier the experience. That virtuous cycle is clearly in motion at Checkout 51, where we've had an influx of new deals from companies such as Procter & Gamble, Mondelez and General Mills. 
 We have just launched a Spanish-language version of the app to appeal to the large and growing Latino audience in the U.S. while we are able to gather rich permission data from users that are of supreme value to advertisers wanting an insight into shopping habits. And we are looking forward to the integration of PayPal into new Checkout 51 expected by December, which will make it even easier for consumers to receive rebates for their purchases. 
 Foxtel posted modest year-over-year growth in cable satellite subscribers, although there was higher churn partially related to promotional no-contract offers last fiscal year. 
 Foxtel remains keenly focused on improving the quality of experience for subscribers and providing more product focus. Hence, the decision to unwind the Presto joint venture with Seven West. 
 The executive team, led by Peter Tonagh, is determined to convey to potential subscribers the clear relative merits of Foxtel Play, whose offering is vastly superior to that of competitors. 
 Foxtel Play's streaming service will roll out next month. We'll present consumers with greater choice and flexible passages -- packages as well as much easier access to Foxtel's premium content, including Fox Sports because viewer numbers have repeatedly set records in recent months. 
 To ensure that subscribers have an unparalleled experience, Foxtel announced this quarter a new agreement with HBO that will give Foxtel even more extensive rights to HBO's library of content through 2021. 
 Despite the focus on product enhancement and infrastructure investment, we are encouraged to see relatively stable EBITDA this quarter. 
 As for Fox Sports, the record ratings were particularly pronounced for NRL while there were also strong performances by Aussie rules football and motor racing. NRL viewership was up 11% for all games, and those exclusive to Fox Sports were up 15%. 
 For AFL, total viewership was up 8%, while the preliminary final between the Giants and the Western Bulldogs, the penultimate match of the year, was the #1 subscription TV program so far in calendar year 2016 in Australia. That increased viewership as well as expanding digital advertising were catalysts for advertising growth of low double digits in local currency in the first quarter, which compares rather favorably to the listless levels elsewhere in the industry. 
 Costs were higher in the first quarter, as was expected, reflecting the timing of sports expenses, about which Bedi will have further details. Thankfully, these quarterly costs are not reflective of the full year exposure.
 Globally, we continued to integrate our Storyful and Unruly acquisitions into our existing brands. News UK now brings Storyful and Unruly into joint pitches with digital advertising. 
 Storyful, which has the unique ability to divine meaningful moments in social media has become a part of the pitch for our Dow Jones risk and compliance business. If the consumer has a problem with the product and uploads a video or a comment, Storyful's unique access to social platforms globally allows it to track the virality of the incident. It also remains the world's leading authenticator of social video for news agencies and broadcasters around the world. 
 In conclusion, News Corp is not just a news company. We are a digital real estate company, and a global and information company. We are proud of our prominence but also leading the way in defining a digital future for media, whether it be through the strength of our mastheads, on mobile or the rapid growth of innovative news and commercial apps. That focus on long-term growth is complemented by a rigorous monitoring of costs in the here and now. 
 We are extremely conscious of our responsibility to shareholders to create products that will prosper while ensuring that we are canny custodians of our traditional businesses in transition. 
 Speaking of canny, I now pass you over to our CFO, Bedi Singh. 
Bedi Singh: Thanks, Robert. We reported fiscal 2017 first quarter total revenues of $1.97 billion, down 2% compared to the prior year. Currency had a $36 million unfavorable impact to revenues, with modest year-over-year improvement in the Australian dollar more than offset by continued weakness in the British pound. Total segment EBITDA was 130 million, including $5 million in transaction-related costs for the Wireless Group acquisition compared to $165 million in the prior year. For the quarter, EPS from continuing operations were negative $0.03 compared to positive $0.22 in the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations were negative $0.01 versus positive $0.05 in the prior year.
 Before discussing segment performance, as Robert noted, listing-based revenues from our digital real estate businesses are now captured in a new real estate line on our income statement to better highlight that growth. Prior to this change, those revenues were reflected within advertising revenues. We have also adjusted prior year comparatives for this. This real estate revenue line represented 9% of total revenues this quarter and grew 19% compared to the prior year.
 Turning to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter decreased 5% from the prior year to approximately $1.2 billion. And within segment revenues, advertising, which accounted for just under 50% of revenues, decreased around 11% or down 10% in local currencies, driven by weaker global print ad trends. 
 Circulation and subscription revenues decreased 4%, but were up 1% in local currency, which is relatively stable with last quarter and the prior year, driven by higher paid digital volume and price increases. 
 News and Information Services segment EBITDA this quarter was $46 million, down from $83 million in the prior period. This decrease was driven by lower print advertising revenues combined with $12 million in additional investment spending at Checkout 51, and the $5 million in Wireless Group transaction costs, partially offset by cost savings initiatives.
 Looking at performance across our key units. At Dow Jones, domestic advertising declined 21% versus the prior year quarter, which is greater than last fiscal fourth quarter rate, reflecting a weaker print marketplace, most notably in the finance and technology categories. 
 On a positive note, Wall Street Journal circulation revenues grew over 6% this quarter due to higher subscription pricing and higher digital paid subscribers, with digital-only subs surpassing the 1 million mark during the quarter, as Robert noted.
 At the professional information business, revenues were relatively stable. 
 And as Robert mentioned, Dow Jones announced a series of initiatives focused on modernizing the newsroom and rationalizing print circulation and pagination while shifting resources to digital. 
 As part of the plan, we are targeting approximately 8% or $100 million reduction of the cost structure on an annualized basis by the end of fiscal '18. The restructuring program will begin implementation in Q2 this year and is expected to continue into Q3, with an anticipated restructuring charge of between $50 million to $60 million pretax during fiscal 2017 and benefits starting to phase in over the remainder of the fiscal year.
 We believe this timely response to the secular print advertising declines will leave the business well positioned to maximize the digital growth opportunity.
 At News Australia, advertising revenues for the quarter declined 7%, or approximately 11% in local currency, relatively similar to the last fiscal fourth quarter.
 Circulation revenues at News Australia increased modestly for both reported and on a local currency basis and as a result of cover price increases and higher paid digital subs, offsetting print volume declines.
 While we continue to benefit from the cost-reduction program that News Australia announced in the second half of fiscal 2016, which totaled around 5% of the cost base, we are now embarking on further cost initiatives. We expect an additional AUD 40 million in cost savings this fiscal year while we continue to push digital initiatives more broadly.
 At News UK, whilst reported advertising revenues decreased 28%, ad revenues were down mid-teens in local currency, primarily due to print declines.
 Circulation revenues at News UK declined mid-teens versus the prior quarter, but were relatively flat in local currency as cover price increases of both The Sun and The Times were offset by single-copy volume declines.
 News UK also benefited this quarter from previously announced cost savings initiatives as well as lower production cost and remains focused on identifying further cost reductions.
 At News America Marketing, the business overall performed well, with revenues relatively flat versus the prior year, driven by mid-teens growth in domestic in-store revenues. 
 Domestic FSI revenue was down mid-teens due to lower volume. And at Checkout 51, we achieved over 9 million members, adding approximately 3 million this quarter and well on pace to achieve 10 million by the end of this calendar year, which, as Robert mentioned, is a key initiative for accelerating the digital transition of News America Marketing.
 Turning to the Book Publishing segment. Revenues decreased 5%, but segment EBITDA improved 14% versus the prior year, which included the release of Go Set a Watchman that had accounted for $32 million in revenues in the prior year quarter. 
 EBITDA margins improved 12.3% from 10.3% in the prior year, driven by the mix of titles, and this quarter benefited from a strong new release slate, including Black Widow by Daniel Silva, Hillbilly Elegy by J.D. Vance and Sarah Young's Jesus Always. 
 Total digital revenues were approximately 20% of consumer revenues similar to the prior year.
 In Digital Real Estate Services, total segment revenues increased $35 million or 18% to $226 million. 
 Segment EBITDA was $67 million, up from $57 million in the prior year. 
 REA's revenues grew 22% or approximately 16% in local currency due to an increase in Australian residential depth revenue, benefiting from favorable product mix, combined with modest revenue contributions from iProperty. Results were partially offset by softer listing volumes in Australia, declining approximately 8% versus the prior year. 
 REA reported their fiscal first quarter earnings today and just concluded their conference call, which provided more quality detail.
 Move revenues rose 9% to $93 million versus the prior year, reflecting continued strong performance from Co-Broke after more than doubling in Q1 fiscal '16 as well as growth in software services revenue, albeit at a slower rate.
 The Move team is focused on the next-generation showcase product, which we expect to roll out later this quarter and further penetration of recently launched new products, including turbo and seller leads [ph] . We, therefore, expect revenue growth to accelerate in the second half of the year and are on track to deliver increasing positive contributions to segment EBITDA this fiscal year. 
 Average monthly unique user growth at realtor.com remains strong, up 15% year-over-year to $53 million in the quarter.
 In Cable Network Programming, revenues increased by 3% compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to advertising growing mid-teens, benefiting from higher ratings across the board as well as higher contributions from digital advertising.
 Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $14 million, which was $14 million lower than the prior year quarter due to, as expected, costs related to the simulcast of additional NRL matches from Channel 9 and the airing of the Sri Lanka-Australia cricket tour, partially offset by the absence of the EPL rights costs.
 We do expect EBITDA to improve in Q2 due to the absence of costs from the English Premier League and Rugby World Cup, which we had in the prior year.
 With respect to earnings from affiliates, Foxtel ended the quarter with approximately 2.9 million total subscribers, with closing cable and satellite subscribers increasing approximately 1% compared to the prior year period.
 Last month, Foxtel announced that it had bought out Seven West media shares in the Presto joint venture, and the Presto service will be subsequently closed, and Foxtel will shift its IP efforts to Foxtel Play. 
 Existing Presto customers will be invited to move to the new Foxtel Play, and Presto will cease operations on January 31, 2017. 
 Foxtel recorded a $21 million loss as a result of the decision to cease Presto operations, and our equity income was $11 million lower, principally, as a result of this.
 Foxtel revenues for the quarter increased 5% and were up 1% in local currency, and EBITDA increased 2% but was down 2% in local currency due to higher programming costs and marketing. 
 Churn, as expected, remained above prior year at 15.5% as we cycled through some historical no-contract offers. Importantly, underlying year-on-year churn data, when adjusting for the impact of new customer offers, has been more stable. 
 ARPU for the quarter was down approximately 3% or around AUD 88.  
 Capital expenditures from continuing operations for the quarter were $49 million lower than $63 million in the prior year. 
 And turning to the balance sheet, net cash at September 30 was $1.1 billion, including $377 million of debt related to iProperty. 
 Cash on the balance sheet is down from fourth quarter 2016, principally reflecting the payout of the News America Marketing settlement of around $250 million. 
 So in summary, while the quarter faced some obvious challenges, as we have noted, we expect to see improvements for the remainder of the year versus the prior year. 
 A few points to highlight. Whilst print advertising trends remained very volatile and visibility continues to be limited, we have stepped up our cost savings initiatives, particularly at Dow Jones, and expect improved EBITDA performance in the current quarter and the balance of the year. We will also be including the contribution from Wireless Group within the News and Information Services segment from 1st of October.
 Book Publishing should see favorable comparisons, and we look forward to the release of Settle for More by Megyn Kelly, Chaos by Patricia Cornwell and the Magnolia Story by Chip and Joanna Gaines as well as carryover sales from Jesus Always by Sarah Young, which debuted last quarter. 
 We have a strong roster of titles this year and expect to see a return to growth in digital, which bodes well for the year ahead.
 Fox Sports Australia, as I mentioned, should benefit from lower rights costs in the second quarter and should see an improvement in EBITDA versus the prior year. 
 For the full year, costs should be down modestly in local currency, with no major rights renewals impacting this fiscal year.
 For digital real estate, we expect continued revenue and EBITDA growth for the segment. 
 While listings volumes in Australia for the second quarter remained lower than the prior year, we expect continued growth, benefiting from favorable pricing and increased penetration. 
 Realtor is expected to roll out Showcase 2.0 later this quarter, and a revenue lift is expected is to be more second half weighted, reflecting the timing of contract renewals.  And we expect to see strong improvement in EBITDA contribution from realtor this year.
 And with that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, we will take our first question. This will be from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank. 
Entcho Raykovski: My question's around News and Information Services, and you've obviously spoken about digital advertising revenues offsetting some of the print declines. Can you give us an idea of some of the quantum of growth within digital ad revenues? And also, any breakdown you could give us by jurisdiction as well -- what sort of trends you've seen within digital ad revenue growth would be appreciated. 
Robert Thomson: Entcho, thanks very much for the question. As for the future itself, unfortunately, I don't have sibylline powers so it's difficult to divine. At Dow Jones, we are seeing some improvement in October, but beyond that, I don't have the confidence to give you a forecast. Just more broadly, before we get into the granular details, what we are seeing at the moment is some mayhem in the ad market. Advertisers are having ads placed on sites that seem almost to have contempt for, for profit companies. Or they have their products bobbing around in bilge water. And that ad apostasy simply can't continue ad infinitum. So at heart, we're very confident about our quality content, our quality audiences and the quality canvass we have for advertisers. At News Australia, we saw advertising down about 11%, excluding FX in the quarter. News UK, advertising, in total was down mid-teens. Print was down high teens; digital, up low teens. And at Dow Jones, advertising was down 21%. But we have experienced double-digit growth for digital at News UK and Australia. We're emphasizing the quality of our data -- and the quality of permission data, that is, and our audiences. And we're building out more segmented products for advertisers so that we will be able to target those quality audiences in a meaningful way. And I think what we're talking about is a longer-term strategy, but one that should have results in the short term. 
Operator: We'll move along to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. 
Craig Huber: A question on the Wall Street Journal. Just what are your thoughts on why the declines have accelerated negative 21% at the print Wall Street Journal this last quarter? And what's your outlook there for the upcoming quarter? 
Robert Thomson: I think there is a broader issue about advertising, generally. There is definitely mayhem in the market. I mean, some advertising is driven more by trend than by substance. And when you have that amount of volatility in the broader market, you are going to have, for certain mastheads in certain quarters, a fair amount the volatility. And that was certainly the case at the Journal. Tech advertising was down to a certain degree; finance also. On the other hand in -- for the WSJ magazine, we had a record issue in September. So it's not as though advertisers have abandoned print as a sector, and print is a very powerful platform, it is that there is a lot of content out there. Frankly, a significant amount of that content is less meritorious and more meretricious. 
Bedi Singh: The only thing I would add, Craig, is that -- advertising pretty much week-by-week. And what we are seeing, though, is that when we look at October, there is some tempering of this rate of decline that we saw in the first quarter. And whether that continues for the rest of the quarter, it's difficult to say. But certainly, in The Wall Street Journal and at News Australia and at News UK, we're seeing some tempering of the declines. So I think visibility is limited, but at least we're seeing things improve a little bit. 
Operator: We'll now move to Brian Han with Morningstar. 
Brian Han: I really had just one question. You've had a $500 million buyback program in place for a while now, and yet, you've only bought back a fraction of that to-date. Just wondering how the board thinks about all this, especially during times when your stock price is depressed. 
Robert Thomson: Well, we do have a $500 million provision. We have bought back a modest amount of stock. But clearly, when we think in terms of capital allocation, it's a broad-based strategy, which includes internal investment and it certainly includes returns to investors. And we have also a modest dividend in place. And -- but it has to be based on an understanding of the long-term value of the company, and that is what guides all of our decisions and the board's decisions about the buying back of stock. Thus far, we've bought back $71 million, and -- but will be -- any further moves will be in that context of that broader strategy. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move to Peter Stamoulis with Evans & Partners. 
Peter Stamoulis: I was hoping you could provide some color around free cash flow operations for the business. Obviously, down $300 million for the quarter, and what the expectations are going forward. And I suppose, can we track EBITDA? And what can we expect around conversion of free cash flow? 
Bedi Singh: So free cash flow was -- obviously, we reported negative for this quarter. As I mentioned, it's mainly driven by the fact that we had a payment to make for settling the News America Marketing litigation, which was $250 million. We'd accrued for that last year, and now, we paid it out this quarter. We also had slightly higher working capital this quarter. Some of it was due to the acquisitions around iProperty. And obviously, we had lower EBITDA. So all of those factors contributed to that. You shouldn't take the first quarter as being indicative for the rest of the year. We're very focused on generating healthy positive free cash flow, and I would say, mainly, it's all timing things this quarter. So without giving a specific number, though, I think we are striving to make sure that we are very healthy for the remainder of the year. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take a follow-up question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. 
Craig Huber: I'd be curious to hear what the margins were like at move.com versus a year ago, the profits there. 
Bedi Singh: So we don't give out specific margin information, as you know, Craig. We had started giving out, obviously, revenue information based on your last request. I would say that margins are growing. And if you exclude stock-based compensation, EBITDA was higher than we've had before, and it's on its ramping -- it's ramping up, is what I would say. And so we're not giving the specific number, but we're on track to be very meaningfully profitable for next quarter onwards. 
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Brian Han with Morningstar. 
Brian Han: Just one more. In your other division, I appreciate, Robert, that you want to continue to canvas new businesses to invest in, but the $180 million of costs in the other divisions still seems quite substantial. Do you think there's any room to reduce that cost base? 
Bedi Singh: We're continually striving to reduce the -- as you call the other, which is principally sort of corporate and overhead costs, and it's come down a lot since we started showing our results 2, 3 years ago. So we've been constantly bringing that down, and I think you'll expect to see some improvement on that as we go forward. And UK newspaper matters, which are included in that, are obviously coming down as we've reported. 
Operator: We'll take a follow-up from Entcho Raykovski of Deutsche Bank. 
Entcho Raykovski: Just a follow-up for me around the new agreement with HBO, which you mentioned that Foxtel has entered into. Could you give us any more indication of the terms of that agreement and the sort of uplift in costs, which it resulted in, and -- I mean, if it was significant. I appreciate you might not give us the exact numbers, but how significant that uplift may have been. 
Robert Thomson: Entcho, your instinct is correct that we're not going to give you the exact numbers. But look, I think the keyword at Foxtel is focus. The rights, you're talking about, are exclusive to subscription TV. As you know, we have taken the decision to close down Presto. Frankly, we saw that was a distraction from the core brand and core proposition, which has, by far, the best suite of programs in Australia as I'm sure you well know from your personal experience. 
Operator: We have one more question in the queue. This will be from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo. 
Eric Katz: So you mentioned, looking through the balance of the year, several segments talking about improvements, particularly in EBITDA. I was wondering if you can give a little bit more color on that because it sounds, overall, that you expect improvements, but I don't know if that means for instance, in news, EBITDA would be higher or growth rates would be better. Any particular quarter in the back half of the year that you point out in any particular segment? 
Robert Thomson: Certainly. Look, I'll start, and then Bedi, will no doubt complement my comments. But in digital real estate, as Bedi has indicated, we expect momentum as the year unfolds, with new products and new pricing. And it will be strongly EBITDA positive. That is certainly a growing business. At HarperCollins, you need only to look at the best seller list at the moment to get a sense of the impact of our titles. And we are very pleased with the focus on books that -- like the Magnolia Story, like Sully, and no doubt, like Megyn Kelly's Settle For More. They will have broad impact in society and a positive impact on our accounts. And we think FOXNews, as we get into the spring selling season in Australia for sports, given the record audiences of last year and the buzz around both Rugby League in Aussie Rules next year that, that will be efficacious also. 
Michael Florin: Well, thank you all for participating. Have a great day, and we'll talk to you soon. 
Operator: Once again, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-08-08 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] .
 At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Jessica. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and now posted it on our website at newscorp.com. 
 On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. 
 We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. 
 This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-K for the 12 months ended June 30, 2016, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. 
 Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and the reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-K filing. 
 Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. 
 With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments. 
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike, and thank you all for joining the call. We ended fiscal year 2016 with strong results in the fourth quarter, highlighted by robust year-over-year growth in revenues and EBITDA at Digital Real Estate Services and a palpable upturn at HarperCollins. 
 For the fourth quarter, reported revenues were $2.2 billion, a 5% increase versus the prior year. Total reported segment EBITDA was $361 million, up 68% compared to the prior year. This figure includes a $122 million benefit from the Zillow legal settlement. But even absent that adjustment, EBITDA still improved tangibly in the quarter. 
 In Digital Real Estate, we experienced 21% growth in revenues in the fourth quarter, further illustrating the key role the segment is playing in News Corp's success. In fact, since our separation 3 years ago, revenues at Digital Real Estate have more than doubled, and the segment is expected to become the biggest contributor to EBITDA in the future, thanks to the ongoing growth of REA and the renaissance of realtor.com in the U.S. This increasing role in one of the world's fastest-growing digital sectors augers well for our future. 
 Book Publishing ended the year with much momentum, highlighting the value of high-quality content and the ability to leverage that content across both print and digital platforms. HarperCollins' success this quarter, with revenues rising 11% and EBITDA surging 52% year-over-year, was driven by new releases and thoughtful cost initiatives. 
 Fox Sports Australia had another good quarter, with increased revenues, thanks in part to record ratings, which came from capitalizing on its top-tier content and developing our long-term franchises in the country's most popular sports. The quarter's results certainly underscored the tremendous power of live sports, which have increased in relative value in a world of viewer fragmentation and program promiscuity.
 While global print ad trends remained volatile, we saw modest sequential improvement in the News and Information Services sector this quarter, thanks to reduced costs and the continued development of digital.
 In the fourth quarter, digital revenues accounted for 23% of segment revenues, up from 19% last year. In particular, the success of The Wall Street Journal is a testament to the importance of high-quality content with global appeal. This past quarter, the WSJ reached 948,000 digital-only subscribers, and that total will clearly surpass print subscribers in the near future. 
 In the fourth quarter, we also relaunched the Sun's website, now reaching over 42 million unique monthly users compared with 15 million uniques last September before the lifting of the payable. Our U.K. team is focused on leveraging that immensely valuable brand across platforms, including through our recently announced offer for Wireless Group. We hope to complete the deal in early fiscal 2017 and take full advantage of this valuable media asset, whose recent ratings have continued their handsome growth. TalkSport, the flagship station, experienced an 8.4% increase in audience in the most recent quarter to 3.29 million listeners, according to official metrics. 
 Ruminating on fiscal year 2016 as a whole, we have shown continued progress on our primary goals: to become more digital, global and diversified while containing costs and mixing prudent divestments with strategic investments. We are certainly proud of our providence, and we are a more focused company than we were at our rebirth in 2013. We assuredly believe that we have laid the foundation for sustainable growth and positive returns for our shareholders. 
 Now for the business highlights before Bedi provides the financial granularity. Digital Real Estate continues to burgeon, and it's reshaping the growth profile of News Corp. Our renovation of realtor.com has propelled Move to improve profitability on an operational basis, excluding Zillow legal costs even as we have significantly reinvested in the business. We now look forward to building Move's profitability in the coming fiscal year. With a refurbished reputation, increased marketing and innovative products, Move and realtor.com are attractive record audiences and ever more advertising, thanks to the freshest listings, unique content and tools that benefit both realtors and consumers. 
 Traffic to realtor-related sites grew to a record 53 million unique users in the fourth quarter and has continued to grow in July. Significantly, realtor.com leads the way in engagement. Its users view double the number of pages as the average visitor to Zillow and in fact, realtor.com has greater user engagement as measured by page views per user than LinkedIn, Amazon, Google and Twitter, according to comScore. That is concrete commitment and serious stickiness and patently valuable for advertisers as well as for realtors to benefit from the precious leads that realtor.com provides.
 realtor.com has significantly grown its mobile presence, with mobile traffic increasing to more than 50% of overall traffic in the fourth quarter. Additionally, 60% of page views occurred on mobile devices, with mobile accounting for a majority of lead volume in the fourth quarter. 
 Finally, one must note the $122 million gain from the amicable settlement of our litigation with Zillow. We are naturally pleased with these proceeds, which assisted cash flow for News Corp in the fourth quarter. We can now focus squarely on execution without legal distractions, however, copacetic the outcome. 
 REA continues to strengthen its business in the Australian market. The company had another record year in reported revenues and profitability despite the acquisition cost for iProperty, the leading Southeast Asian property portal. We recently announced the formation of a global property network, which will bring together listings from REA, realtor.com, Mansion Global, PropTiger and iProperty into a comprehensive database accessible to people everywhere, accentuating our position as to the world's leading digital property business. 
 HarperCollins had faced some challenges during the year to -- due to the Divergent Trilogy comps and changes in the e-book marketplace. But with those conditions normalizing, the publisher ended the year strongly. Among the notable success stories are Harper Lee's Go Set a Watchman; Daniel Silva's The English Spy; and books by Anderson Cooper and his mother, Gloria Vanderbilt; and in the U.K., the polymath, David Walliams, now one of the country's leading authors of children's fiction. 
 Looking ahead to the coming year, we are optimistic about Megyn Kelly's much discussed book, Settle For More, scheduled for November; the highly anticipated Veronica Roth release; and Jesus Always by Sarah Young, the legendary author of Jesus Calling, which has been a bestseller for many years. 
 The Harlequin acquisition has contributed to the growing global impact of HarperCollins, including in France, Italy and Brazil. And the publication of best-selling authors like Daniel Silva, Karin Slaughter, Stephanie Laurens and Allison Knowles in multiple international markets. Worth noting is the fact that we achieved our targeted $20 million cost savings following the acquisition and have increased the distribution of leading Harlequin titles. 
 Foxtel, under new leadership, is driving higher subscriber volume, which is a priority for the business. The network had more than 2.9 million total subscribers at the end of the fiscal year. Foxtel continues to improve its content offerings, notably with the acquisition of the rights to the AFL through 2022 and the new agreement with top EPL clubs for broadcast rights, which means that devoted fans won't have to watch their favorite teams in the middle of the night. With the continuing emphasis on sports, original content and enhanced IP devices and offerings, such as the Foxtel Go mobile product, Foxtel will remain focused on driving higher subscriptions, which we believe is key to unlocking value for itself and News Corp throughout fiscal 2017. 
 At Fox Sports, we saw record ratings this quarter, driven by the extremely popular NRL, the AFL and V8 Supercars, the Aussie variant of NASCAR. Our airing of all NRL matches live through the simulcast deal with Channel 9 is proving to be particularly popular, and the resonance should increase with the launch of a dedicated NRL channel later in fiscal 2017. As a result, we expect advertising trends will remain more positive for Fox Sports than for the industry as a whole, with the network continuing to gain audience share. 
 Dow Jones experienced strong digital subscription growth over the past year. Circulation revenue for the year at The Wall Street Journal grew mid-single-digits, thanks to digital expansion and improved pricing. In fact, this year, circulation revenues were higher than advertising revenues, underlining the balanced revenue streams at Dow Jones. 
 Overall, more than 50% of Dow Jones' revenues came from digital this year. That's part of a calculated realignment of the revenue stream and also a testament to the strong and growing value of premium content. Custom content is also a big driver of advertising revenues, and we expect it to represent a larger part of Dow Jones growth going forward. 
 Dow Jones also continued to roll out new and improved products in fiscal year 2016, including WSJ PRO, a watch news app, and the WSJ City app in the U.K., and importantly, a Factiva Mobile app. Factiva is a treasure trove of valuable content, and we are working to customize and enhance the experience for subscribers. 
 On the institutional side, Dow Jones will continue to push high-growth segments, including risk and compliance. As companies are under increasing scrutiny and must necessarily be strictly compliant, we have firm faith in that business, which expanded 34% last quarter compared to a year ago. 
 At News UK, we will continue to leverage The Sun's popular daily news and entertainment features as we enhance our mobile-first strategy. We are bolstering reader engagement through such initiatives as the Dream Team, bingo and sports betting, all of which we expect to see driving incremental revenues in fiscal year 2017. 
 While advertising remains challenging, The Times continues to benefit from its premium content and audiences. According to ABC figures, at the end of June, there were 413,600 subscribers to The Times and Sunday Times, an increase of 3.4% year-over-year. More than 800 -- 182,000 of the subscriptions are digital-only, an increase from 172,000 in the prior year. This past quarter, total print sales for The Times were up double digits versus the prior year. That highlights the power of print as a platform and vindicates our commitment to quality journalism when other media companies were slashing and burning their budgets. 
 News Corp Australia benefited from initiatives that took out 2.5% of fixed costs in the second half of fiscal year 2016, and further savings are expected in the current fiscal year. The company also entered into an agreement to purchase the APN Australian regional media portfolio, which reaches 1.6 million people across print, online and mobile. We expect the purchase, subject to regulatory and APN shareholder approval, to help us grow in Northern Australia and result in significant cost and efficiency synergies in our production and distribution operations. 
 Meanwhile, the Australian newspaper has grown to a record high readership of more than 3.4 million print and digital readers as of May. This represents an 11% jump over the prior 3 months. 
 In the United States, the New York Post had 54 million monthly unique users in June, and 40% of advertising revenues were digital, a figure that could soon surpass 50%. The team has just launched Page Six TV, which has been performing strongly in a 3-week trial across a number of Fox television stations in the U.S., showing the value of that brand in the post stable. 
 News America Marketing ended the year on a strong note, thanks to muscular growth in the install business. Meanwhile, the company is focused on accelerating mobile adoption, notably through Checkout 51. This increasingly popular app consistently ranked in the top 10 of all retail-related apps, above Walmart and Walgreens, helps consumers across country save money and generates a wealth of data, which can be leveraged across a number of News Corp businesses. 
 In fiscal 2017, we expect to continue investing in Checkout 51, with the goal of reaching 10 million users by the end of this calendar year, which we believe is a key milestone in drawing additional offers from our CPG partners, the larger the audience, the more compelling the offers we can present and the greater the loyalty we will win from users. We are seeing that virtuous cycle in motion now at Checkout 51. 
 We have aimed to make the new, news more than a sum of its parts, and that is particularly the case in our exponential digital development. We aspire to be ever more digital and global, and helping us in that mission is a concentration on collaboration as well as on the selective acquisition of tech startups that extend our digital capabilities. For example, the journal, realtor.com and Imagine Global have collaborated to turbocharge realtor.com and distribute content of interest to potential property owners, helping drive engagement across their platforms. Our property sites around the world know we routinely share software, market metrics and listings data. 
 Storyful supplies video to a variety of News Corp mastheads, including the Sun, the New York Post and The Wall Street Journal as well as sharing expertise with HarperCollins to extend its video outreach. Unruly is providing valuable advertising metrics to enhance the brand building of our companies as well as assisting external clients with its unique expertise. 
 The rapid pace, which the contemporary world is turning, with attendant economic and social upheaval, has put a premium on premium content, fast, accurate news and information upon which investors and all citizens rely. Insight is invaluable in these complex times. 
 We believe News Corp is ideally positioned to meet this broad-based societal demand, whether it's Storyful, separating user-generated video facts from video fiction, or our global Digital Real Estate platforms, giving the most complete and accurate data to consumers, along with independent analysis to inform investment decisions. 
 In particular, our strategy will focus on areas including: product development, particularly in mobile and video, to drive engagement across our properties; leveraging and further monetizing data, beginning with an important initiative this year, linking our U.S. audiences to create a powerful digital network for advertising clients; and capitalizing on opportunistic acquisitions to further buttress our revenue stream and to fortify the foundations of future growth. This strategy is designed to enhance our businesses in transition, to accelerate revenue growth, particularly at our real estate franchise, and to ensure long-term robust return to our investors. 
 For the fine detail, I now hand you over to Bedi. 
Bedi Singh: Thanks, Robert. Starting with our fourth quarter results. We reported fiscal '16 fourth quarter total revenues of $2.2 billion, up 5% from the prior year. As we had hoped, currency headwinds moderated during the quarter, with an impact of only $54 million to reported revenues. 
 As we mentioned previously, this being a 53-week fiscal year for us, fiscal fourth quarter includes an extra week, which positively impacted revenues by $112 million, with the majority of that at News and Information Services segment. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions and divestitures, adjusted revenues grew 6% compared to the prior year, including the extra week, and we're relatively flat excluding that. 
 Reported total segment EBITDA was $361 million, which includes a benefit of $122 million related to the Zillow settlement. Excluding that benefit, total segment EBITDA would have been $239 million. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the settlement benefit as well as acquisitions, the impact of currency and legal costs related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters grew 23% versus the prior year period. Both reported and adjusted EBITDA also include the impact of the extra week that I mentioned earlier. 
 For the quarter, EPS from continuing operations, which includes the Zillow settlement benefit net of tax, were $0.16 compared to $0.01 in the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations were $0.10 versus $0.08 in the prior year. 
 For the full year fiscal '16, we reported total revenues of $8.3 billion, a 3% decline compared to the prior year. The decline in revenues included a negative impact from foreign currency of $455 million. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, acquisitions and divestitures, adjusted revenues for the year were flat compared to the prior year. 
 Reported total segment EBITDA was $684 million, which includes a onetime charge of $280 million for the settlement of litigation and related claims at News America Marketing and the onetime gain for the Zillow settlement I mentioned earlier. Negative foreign currency impact reduced segment EBITDA by $70 million this year. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes both the settlements as well as acquisitions, the impact of currency and legal costs related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, declined 4%. And for the year, EPS from continuing operations were $0.28 compared to $0.51 in the prior year, and adjusted EPS from continuing operations were $0.40 versus $0.59 from the prior year. 
 Now let's turn to the individual operating segments through a fourth quarter review and some full year highlights. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter rose 1% from the prior year to $1.4 billion. Adjusted segment revenues rose 2%. The extra week added $77 million to revenues or approximately 5%. Within segment revenues, advertising declined around 5%, or down 7% in local currency and excluding the impact of the 53rd week, which was similar to the full year rate and the prior year rate. This was also a sequential improvement from the low double-digit rate decline in the prior quarter. 
 Circulation and subscription revenues increased 5% or up 1% in local currency, and excluding the 53rd week, were relatively stable with last quarter and the prior year. News and Information Services reported segment EBITDA this quarter with $160 million, down 5% versus the prior period. The decline was driven by lower advertising revenues as well as investment spending and acquisition-related costs in connection with Checkout 51 and Unruly. These declines were partially offset by the impact from the additional week in the quarter and lower operating expenses. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 10% compared to the prior year. 
 Looking at performance across our key units and excluding the extra week in each case. At Dow Jones, domestic advertising at The Wall Street Journal declined around 12% versus the prior year quarter, with declines in print being partially offset by modest growth in digital. Digital accounted for approximately 1/3 of Dow Jones' ad revenues this quarter. 
 Wall Street Journal circulation revenues grew 5% this quarter due to higher subscription pricing and higher digital paid subscribers. We implemented a $4 subscription price increase in July, which will be phased in over the next 12 months. And circulation revenues at The Wall Street Journal have now surpassed total ad revenues in the current fiscal year. Dow Jones' contribution to segment EBITDA increased this quarter and for fiscal 2016. At News Australia, advertising revenues for the quarter declined 13% or about 9% in local currency, relatively similar to last quarter, with local outpacing national. Circulation revenues at News Australia declined 3%, but were slightly up in constant currency as a result of cover price increases and higher paid digital subs, offsetting print volume declines. As expected, we continue to see the benefit of the cost-reduction program implemented at the end of Q2 and realized approximately AUD 40 million in the second half and expect to capture further savings in fiscal 2017. 
 At News UK, advertising revenues declined 16% or down 10% in local currency, an improvement from the prior quarter. Circulation revenues at News UK were relatively flat versus the prior quarter, driven by a lift in paid volume at The Times and cover price increases taken this quarter for both The Sun and Times. In Q4, The Times saw high single-digits paid volume growth, likely benefiting from Brexit coverage. At News America Marketing, revenues were relatively flat versus the prior year, excluding the extra week, a marked improvement from the prior quarter. 
 Domestic FSI revenues declined 14%, although the rate moderated from the prior quarter. In-store revenues grew mid-teens and digital, which only accounted for 5% of revenues this quarter, doubled, partially benefiting from the expansion of Checkout 51. 
 Turning to the Book Publishing segment. Revenues increased 11% and segment EBITDA improved 52% versus the prior year as comparables versus the prior year have begun to normalize. This quarter benefited from a strong new release slate from Anderson Cooper, Cameron Diaz, Cynthia Sweeney, David Walliams in the U.K. and an improvement in Christian publishing as well as the impact of the 53rd week. Total digital revenues for the quarter were 19% of consumer revenues, down from 23%. 
 In Digital Real Estate Services, total segment revenues increased $40 million or 21% to $229 million, which includes the consolidation of iProperty and DIAKRIT, both of which closed in February. Total reported segment EBITDA was $175 million, which reflects the impact of the settlement with Zillow. Excluding that, segment EBITDA would have been $53 million, up from $45 million in the prior year. Adjusted revenue grew 17% and adjusted EBITDA, which is inclusive of the $15 million of legal expenses at Move related to Zillow, grew 24%. 
 REA's revenue grew 17% or approximately 21% in local currency due to higher list depth product penetration. Move revenues rose 21% versus the prior year, driven by strong growth in the connection for co-broke product, higher non-listing media revenues and an improvement in the professional software revenues led by Top Producer. Unique user growth at realtor.com remained strong, up 17% year-over-year to 53 million average per month for fiscal Q4. 
 For the full year, Move's revenue was $357 million, up 27% on a stand-alone basis. And as we had expected, Move had a positive contribution to segment EBITDA, excluding the impact of legal costs and the settlement gain, but including stock-based compensation. This improvement came despite reinvesting for growth, and we expect to build on that momentum in fiscal 2017. 
 In Cable Network Programming, revenues increased by $14 million or 11% compared to the prior year quarter. On a currency-adjusted basis and excluding the 53rd week, revenues rose around 7%. In local currency, and again, excluding the 53rd week, subscription revenues improved around 6%, and advertising revenues rose high single digits, reflecting record ratings, with viewership up mid-teens, driven by the NRL and V8 Supercars. 
 Segment EBITDA in the quarter rose 5% on a reported basis and 14% adjusted for currency and reflects additional costs related to the simulcast of 3 additional NRL matches per week from Channel 9, as we indicated on the last earnings call as well as a modest benefit from the extra week. 
 With respect to earnings from affiliates, Foxtel ended the quarter with more than 2.9 million total subscribers, with cable and satellite subscribers increasing approximately 5% compared to the prior year period and higher Presto subs despite ongoing competition from SVOD players. Foxtel revenues for the quarter declined 2%, but were up 2% in local currency, and EBITDA declined 5% or down 1% in local currency due to higher programming costs and an increase in subscriber acquisition costs, driven by new offers launched in January. 
 As expected, churn in the quarter rose to 14% from around 10%, a similar trend with the prior quarter, largely due to nonrenewal of no contract offers. Importantly, underlying year-on-year churn data, when adjusting for the impact of new customer offers, has been stable. ARPU for the quarter was down approximately 3% to around AUD 89. 
 Capital expenditures from continuing operations for fiscal '16 was $256 million, down from $308 million in the prior year, in line with our expectations. Fiscal 2016 included a tax benefit of $106 million from the release of valuation allowances resulting from the disposal of the Digital Education business in our fiscal first quarter. As a result, the company recorded an income tax benefit of $54 million for the fiscal year. 
 On an adjusted basis, which excludes that benefit, restructuring and other onetime items, our underlying tax rate was 32.9% for the full year. We expect in fiscal 2017, our normalized tax rate will be in a similar range to fiscal '16. 
 Turning to the balance sheet. Cash at 30th of June was $1.8 billion, and we had total borrowings of $369 million related to iProperty. Subject to court approval, we expect to pay out the remainder of the News America settlement accrual of around $250 million in the first quarter of fiscal '17. 
 On June 30, we announced an offer for Wireless Group plc in the U.K., which is expected to close in the first half of this fiscal year, pending regulatory approval and satisfaction of other conditions. We have set aside $315 million for this acquisition as restricted cash on the balance sheet as a result of U.K. takeover panel rules. 
 Heading into the new fiscal year, there are a few points to note. Advertising trends remained volatile and visibility continues to be limited, and we continue to aggressively seek out cost reductions. Fox Sports Australia will face an incremental AUD 10 million in Q1, similar to fiscal fourth quarter related to the simulcast of NRL matches. No major sports rights renewals are expected this fiscal year. 
 For Digital Real Estate and REA, listing volume in July was negatively impacted by uncertainty around the federal election, and first half revenue growth will likely be skewed to the second quarter. 
 And finally, on currency, if the spot rate for the Australian dollar holds at current levels at around $0.75, we would expect a modest benefit to the full year as compared to fiscal '16. 
 And with that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to John Janedis with Jefferies. 
John Janedis: Bedi, can you talk more about the magnitude of the expected cost savings in the Australian print segment beyond the $40 million, given some of the synergies you spoke to? And are there any other programs in the U.S. or U.K.? And then on a related topic, given the headlines in the regions, could you just talk more about current trends you're seeing on the print side, on advertising to start the first quarter on a global basis? 
Bedi Singh: Thanks, John. So on cost reductions in Australia, we had previously said that the annual program was around 5%, and 2.5% was realized in fiscal '16, and we expect the remainder of that to sort of flow-through in fiscal '17. On top of that, I know the Australian operation continues to examine a number of opportunities in sort of shared service functions, et cetera. So I think we would expect to see slightly higher cost savings even than that in Australia. In the U.S., Dow Jones has been cutting costs, headcount was 6% lower this year than it was the year before. In addition to that, they are looking at a lot of the structural issues at Dow Jones, and we expect further cost-reduction programs to be implemented this year. In the U.K., there was a big cost-reduction program we announced, if you recall, in late January, February, that's being implemented. FTEs are down 8% year-over-year and the marketing spend is slightly higher, but the guys in the U.K. are also looking at backroom savings, and they're looking at some consolidation opportunities. 
Robert Thomson: Yes, just to supplement what Bedi said. John, generally, there's a culture of cost consciousness in the company, as Bedi explained, clearly, there's a shift transition going on in the businesses. Print is still very precious to us, but digital ever more important, and our teams are being realigned accordingly. The other aspect that we're focusing on and we're certainly seeing savings, and a little difficult to quantify, but we'd be able to articulate it, over time, to you more precisely is in sharing services. And that's, for example, particularly the case in the U.K., where the businesses occupy a single building, which gives us an opportunity to examine what is the right size of services for contemporary business. As for ad performances, as Bedi had previously indicated, there is a problem with visibility. There's a certain amount of political instability that has been in Australia with an election and the uncertainty that followed it. As you know, we're in the midst of an interesting election in the U.S., and there has been some upheaval in the U.K. There's no doubt that, that has had something of an impact on the business in the last quarter. Looking ahead, visibility is a bit of an issue. But I think there's a lot more fundamental, more profound issue, which is, there's a lot of instability in the ad market itself. A lot of advertisers are questioning the return on investment, and we see a particular opportunity being host to a portfolio of premium sites to provide them not only with settings appropriate for their advertisements, i.e., high-quality content, but measurability. And we talk about visibility, of course, but viewability is very important. And it's interesting that there's an angst-driven debate in the advertising world about the viewability of ads. As I've said before, and it's worth emphasizing again, every print ad is a 100% viewable. 
Operator: And we'll now take a question from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank. 
Entcho Raykovski: My question is around the acquisition of the Wireless Group. You're able to talk a little bit more about the strategy behind the acquisition. In particular do you see cost-saving opportunities when you combine it to the remainder of the U.K. [ph] growth, or do you see a revenue opportunity from the acquisition? 
Robert Thomson: Entcho, it's really a revenue opportunity. What you have in Wireless Group, and obviously, the acquisition is pending, is a series of radio stations, websites and actually global sports audio rights that very much complements not only the strength of The Sun, but those of The Times. And it's certainly our intention to develop Wireless Group, but also to use it, to develop the Sun platforms because you can see a wonderful overlap of demography and also an enduring growth in its audience. Radio is, these days, unlike some content forms, not subject to the vicissitudes of piracy. So we're very optimistic about Wireless Group. We're very optimistic about its potential for all of the News U.K. Properties. And just for example, its potential impact on Sun Bets,  which is -- they've rolled out this year in the U.K. by Rebekah Books and the team. Obviously, during a football match, making the broadcast for football match exciting, compelling for quite a lot of listeners and quite a lot of readers, the opportunity to have a flutter is something that they're interested in. And so from the sport itself, from the sport extensions, right through to the newspapers, we can see genuine concrete benefits. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo. 
Eric Katz: So you made quite a few moves in Australia recently from acquiring APN to -- we've seen some recent news around some investments to upgrade paper quality and also shutting down some papers and even speculation of a sale of some local papers. Could you maybe give us a little more perspective into the strategy to reshape the newspaper business in Australia? 
Robert Thomson: Michael Miller and the talented team in Australia are looking for synergies across the papers, across the websites, and clearly, you can create a network effect because each of these newspapers is a platform, and those platforms are complementary. And the other element to bear in mind there is it obviously helps us with those regional papers to develop in the Queensland, in particular, to develop the REA franchise. 
Operator: We'll go now to Tim Nollen with Macquarie. 
Tim Nollen: My question is actually about the Books division. A couple of things. I think, Bedi, you might have mentioned the e-book revenue was 19%, if I heard that correctly, down from 33%. Could you please clarify if I heard that right? And if so, why such a sharp drop? I guess, it must be the mix of titles, and kind of what that means for your print versus your e-business? And then a second question on the industry, also on the books business, is do you give a breakout of international sales within HarperCollins? You mentioned a good global expansion there. 
Bedi Singh: Tim, digital revenues were 19% versus 23%, not 33%. So it wasn't that big a drop. But yes, you are right, every quarter, the mix will change a little bit, depending on the books and how they are indexed in terms of physical versus digital. But we see, overall, the digital sort of percentages stabilizing. And we're also seeing good growth in physical books. So in terms of international, we don't break out the international revenue. But I think we've been very pleased with the Harlequin acquisition. I think we've announced in the past a number of authors whose books we've taken in different languages. We used to be just predominantly an English-language publisher. Now we publish in all the major languages. 
Robert Thomson: I'd just like to add to Bedi's thoughts there, which we had taken out costs at HarperCollins, we've taken out cost of Harlequin, so the upturn in revenue is particularly enhanced EBITDA in the most recent quarter. And as we've indicated, we're very confident about the momentum in the book industry. And just one example of the synergistic relationship between Harlequin and HarperCollins. Traditionally, Harlequin was just a mass-market publisher. And so you didn't see it in trade locations, your typical corner or independent bookstore. And now because of HarperCollins' power placement, you are, and for some of those titles, traditional Harlequin titles, combined with an enhancement of covers and presentation, generally, you're seeing that Harlequin authors are getting anywhere between -- certain authors, not all authors, certain authors getting anywhere between a 50% to 100% increase in revenue per title. 
Operator: We'll go now to Fraser McLeish with Credit Suisse. 
Fraser McLeish: Bedi, can I just check, did you say that Foxtel EBITDA in the fourth quarter was down 1% on an adjusted basis? 
Bedi Singh: Yes, that's correct. On an adjusted basis. 
Fraser McLeish: Great. So that rate of decline has kind of been coming down over the course of the year. And are you sort of more confident you're now at a level where that can -- we can sort of get some growth back from here? 
Bedi Singh: Well, I think at Foxtel, the key mission, in a sense, is still driving subscriber volume so that we create long-term value, both for Foxtel and its partners. So I think we will continue to see -- we will continue to have offerings in the market, and that might mean that we have to continue investing in some marketing. But we're focused on volume, and at this stage, we're not really giving any sort of guidance on where the EBITDA might be. I think we're very focused on -- the PT [ph] very focused on making sure we drive subscriber growth. 
Fraser McLeish: Could I just ask, just about the cost -- could I ask about the cost base in general at Foxtel? I mean, you're talking about sort of more better control or looking at cost across the group. Is there opportunity to reduce costs at Foxtel? 
Bedi Singh: Yes, I think definitely. I think Peter Tonagh and his team are looking at all aspects of costs, including set-top boxes, and we're looking at all the agreements we have in place to try and see whether we can improve on profitability. It's a constant ongoing thing they're doing. 
Robert Thomson: And to add to Bedi's thoughts, clearly, Peter Tonagh and his team want to focus on the core marketing of the core Foxtel offering. That is the key for growth, not only at Foxtel, but also at Fox Sports. We're -- thankfully, we're seeing a take-up of the Fox Sports package in new Foxtel subscriptions well into the 90% range, which is indicative of Fox Sports' power, but also indicative of the importance of Foxtel as a conduit for those subscriptions. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. 
Craig Huber: Yes, just curious, for Move, realtor.com, what was EBITDA on the fourth quarter and the full year? And if you could pull out the legal expenses, that would be helpful, please. 
Bedi Singh: So in terms of legal expenses, for the full year, we spent $38 million, and it was $15 million in the quarter. We're not breaking out a specific EBITDA number for Move, but I think it's fair to say we're very, very, very pleased with the way Move has performed. And it is EBITDA positive, very nicely, if you exclude the legal expenses and even if you exclude stock-based compensation expense. I would say that we've invested a lot in Move in terms of marketing and new products. And I would say that Move is better placed today in terms of EBITDA than it was in its last year as a public -- stand-alone public company 18 months ago, and we expect that this EBITDA is going to ramp going forward. 
Robert Thomson: And just to reemphasize what Bedi said, that in -- our core EBITDA was nicely positive. And unlike many digital companies, our core EBITDA does indeed include stock-based compensation. 
Operator: We'll go to Doug Arthur with Huber Research. 
Douglas Arthur: Bedi, adjusted EBITDA of $274 million, up 23%. I'm not -- maybe I missed this. What impact, if any, did the extra week have on that number? 
Bedi Singh: So we've given out the revenue impact of the extra week. On the EBITDA impact, I think it's -- you can assume that the quarterly margin for each segment can be applied to revenue to sort of derive the -- the revenue impact was $112 million for the quarter, majority of it was in News and Information Services. 
Operator: And next, we'll take a question from Brian Han with Morningstar. 
Brian Han: Just a couple of quick ones. For Fox Sports, what percentage of Fox Sports revenue is from advertising? And also, how much debt -- net debt is in Foxtel now? 
Bedi Singh: So advertising is about 20% of total revenue, and it's been growing quite nicely, thanks in part to the very strong ratings we've been having. And sorry, the second part of your question was? 
Brian Han: How much net debt is in the Foxtel vehicle? 
Bedi Singh: It's about $3 billion in total debt in Foxtel's financial statements. And by the way, we'll be filing those financial statements along with our 10-K, so you should be able to get a full detail of the debt position. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Sacha Krien with CLSA. 
Sacha Krien: Just a couple of questions for Bedi, please. Just, Bedi, you've called out the legal cost on Move for this financial year. Just wondering if you can do the same for News America Marketing and whether there's any reason those costs won't fall away. And then secondly, just in relation to sports rights renewals, I think you mentioned, there weren't any major renewals on the horizon. Does that also apply to Foxtel? I thought maybe we had the AFL rights at least coming through this year? 
Bedi Singh: So on NAM, we haven't actually broken out the numbers. It's fair to say that we incurred significant legal cost in fiscal '16, and we will expect those to be considerably reduced going into fiscal '17. On the sports rights renewals, we actually renewed the AFL deal at Foxtel recently, so we don't expect any additional AFL-type renewal at Foxtel. 
Robert Thomson: We have both the AFL -- through Foxtel and Fox Sports, we have the AFL and NRL rights up to 2022, and I have to say, we're delighted with the ratings this year, particularly the NRL ratings at Fox Sports. And Patrick Delaney and the team there are doing a wonderful job of highlighting the value of the franchise. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we would take our next question from Raymond Tong with Goldman Sachs. 
Raymond Tong: Just a question on the U.K. business. Can you maybe give a bit of color on your expectations and the impact of Brexit on the business, please? 
Robert Thomson: Generally, we haven't seen a particular impact of Brexit. There's been a little less economic uncertainty, there have been very stimulus measures promised by the Bank of England. We're seeing how the government responds. To be honest, the most important thing will be, more generally, the economic policy of the U.K. government. And it's fair to say that one clear sign of our confidence in the U.K. was our planned acquisition of the Wireless Group. Certainly, it's our hope that the U.K. government will take advantage of the opportunity to introduce policies that are pro-growth. And if that's the case, then we would expect all of the businesses to thrive and for us to be in a position to take advantage of that circumstance. 
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Florin, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks. 
Michael Florin: Great. Thank you all for joining, and have a great day, and we'll talk to you next quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Florin – Head-Investor Relations Robert Thomson – Chief Executive Officer Bedi Singh – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Eric Katz – Wells Fargo Entcho Raykovski – Deutsche Bank James Kopelman – JPMorgan John Janedis – Jefferies Doug Arthur – Huber Research Craig Huber – Huber research Michael Kass – BlueMountain Capital Brian Han – Morningstar Sacha Krien – CLSA Tim Nollen – Macquarie Peter Stamoulis – Evans and Partners
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Today’s call is being recorded. Media is allowed to join today’s conference in a listen-only mode. At this time, for opening marks and introductions, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Florin, Head of Investor Relations at News Corp. Please go ahead.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Tom. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp’s fiscal third quarter 2016 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive, and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we will be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2016, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally please note that certain financial measures used in this call such a segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA, and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. In our pursuit of digital and particularly mobile growth, we continue to develop and to diversify the portfolio of our businesses and aggressively control our opening costs to free resources for further innovation and to expand margins across the company. The third quarter results were materially affected by a $280 million pretax charge at News America Marketing to resolve a legacy lawsuit and related claims and continued currency headwinds, which impacted revenues by $72 million and EBITDA by $9 million. Excluding those factors and other special items, our revenues and total segment EBITDA declined 5% and 8%, respectively, which was disappointing. We believe, however, that the company is on track to see improvements in the fourth quarter with the expansion of our digital real estate business, foreign currency comparisons hopefully beginning to ease, and cost saving initiatives that confirm the root. Our pursuit of digital growth continues apace and we enhanced our status as the world’s largest digital property company with REA’s completion of the iProperty acquisition in Southeast Asia, where we are now the most influential player. Meanwhile, traffic and revenue growth remained robust at REA and Realtor.com. We have focused on driving mobile revenue and are pleased with, but are not complacent about, the results at Realtor.com, where their mobile audience grew close to 50% this quarter and now represents 60% of page views and the majority of leads. Despite the difficult conditions for advertising, we saw both Dow Jones and News Corp Australia contributing to segment EBITDA growth thanks to more digital subscriptions, digital advertising growth, and ongoing cost-reduction. While we believe in the strength of our print properties, we are investing energetically in the rapid pursuit of digital which is clearly evident in the transition at Dow Jones. At Dow Jones this quarter, digital accounted for more than 50% of total revenues, and digital only subscribers at the Wall Street Journal grew to 893,000, representing nearly 45% of the base. We are building a strong digital platform on top of the WSJ print circulation, which today is double the size of its nearest rival. And 51% of the Wall Street Journal digital audience now comes from mobile, up six percentage points from a year ago. With the advertising market in the midst of upheaval, advertisers and agencies are understandably experimenting with their spend, but we firmly believe that premium brands and audiences are currently undervalued by advertising agencies, some of whom are more interested in fashion than function. With Silicon Valley’s demand for quality content more voracious than ever and advertisers rightly seeking greater digital accountability, we believe News Corp is ideally positioned to capitalize on these macro trends through the power of our global mastheads, businesses, and audiences. Bedi will shortly provide more granular detail in the numbers, but reported revenues fell 7% to $1.9 billion, and the reported total segment EBITDA loss was $122 million. Excluding the one-time pretax legal charge of $280 million at News America Marketing, total segment EBITDA would have been $158 million, a decline of 14%. We are very focused on leveraging the key strength of our portfolio. As one example, we’ve recently reached an agreement with a leading consumer packaged goods company that involves both News America Marketing and Realtor.com and we expect many more such deals, as advertisers appreciate the value of our brand and deep audience relationships. Let me review some of our lines of business, beginning with Digital Real Estate Services. With the ongoing success of REA, the completion of REA’s acquisition of iProperty, and the growth of Realtor.com, News Corp’s digital real estate business is continuing its robust expansion. iProperty is the leading digital platform in Southeast Asia, complementing our existing businesses and allowing the further repurposing of software and of expertise. News Corp Australia also completed the acquisition of Diakrit, a leading provider of 3D visualization for the real estate industry, which we plan to incorporate more broadly at REA and around the industry. This will help differentiate News Corp’s digital real estate capabilities worldwide and provide a valuable service to realtors, vendors, and buyers. For the most recent quarter revenues at Move, which operates Realtor.com expanded at 20% year-over-year, while user engagement at Realtor.com continue to grow briskly, with page views more than 25% higher to a record 1.5 billion views. And minutes spent on the site increasing nearly 30% year-over-year. We have momentum and the strongest engagement in the US housing market. A market that we believe is yet to fully recover from the financial crisis, and is still at a relatively early phase of its digital evolution. Also in this quarter, average monthly unique users increased by 30% year-over-year, including strong growth in mobile. For the month of April, we recorded 55 million monthly uniques, and the average user of our mobile app accessed around 20 pages per visit, and that’s not including photo galleries. We are continuing to improve our product line to enhance of the services for realtors and the efficacy for users. We have number of new products coming to market at Realtor.com, including Turbo which will assist in the promotion of listings for agents and brokers. Early in FY17, we plan to roll out Showcase 2.0 to provide even more direct links to properties and leads for realtors, vendors, and buyers. We’re also enhancing our software and services offerings for agents to improve the efficiency of their business and bolster the efficacy of leads and ROI. We continue to enhance the site experience to drive deeper engagement, personalization, and integrating more relevant content with robust, local neighborhood information. In Australia, where digital real estate is at a more advanced stage of development, the REA Group had a solid quarter, with revenues expanding by 20% year-over-year, excluding the impact of foreign currency, thanks primarily to the broader penetration of premium products. REA in Australia has more than twice the traffic of its nearest competitor, and REA continues to work ever more closely with Realtor.com and other News Corp properties. One modest sign of our partnership was the successful launch this past week by the Australian newspaper of a glossy magazine, Mansion, based on the Wall Street Journal’s well-known section and in conjunction with REA. Overall, excluding currency and M&A costs, adjusted revenues at the Digital Real Estate Services segment grew 18% and adjusted EBITDA grew 23% year-over-year despite the higher legal costs at Move, which is involved in ongoing litigation in tandem with the National Association of Realtors against Zillow over the theft of corporate secrets and the destruction of evidence. In Australia, Fox Sports posted strong EBITDA growth in part due to the absence of costs from the Cricket World Cup and Asia cup in the prior year. We are encouraged by the particularly robust ratings with the launch of the new season of Rugby League and Australian Rules Football. The NRL and AFL are both up low double digits over the prior year. We believe the strong early returns in both sports this year are positive indicators for subscriber growth and advertising and highlight the value of our deals to secure NRL and Aussie Rules rights until 2022. These key sports should provide a platform for the long-term growth of our franchise. At Foxtel, we saw the appointment of Peter Tonagh as CEO, and expect that he will further develop the company, which we operate in partnership with Telstra in Australia. There have been several changes to the Foxtel executive team, and we are confident that the development of products, and crucially, the marketing of those products will be enhanced over the coming year. In a challenging marketplace, Foxtel grew subscribers to around 2.9 million subs, which included a roughly 6% increase in cable and satellite subs versus the prior year and higher Presto subscribers. An Foxtel is announcing today an agreement with six top English Premier league clubs, launching three dedicated channels with all home and away matches for Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester United, Manchester City, Tottenham Hotspur, and most significantly and profoundly, Arsenal. These teams account for 75% of the EPL fan base in Australia. This agreement is yet another strong sign of how Foxtel differentiates itself from the competition with its premier content, which we believe also includes Australia’s best portfolio of films and other programs and a growing roster of homegrown dramas that are proven audience pleasers. We expect our new team will make that point to consumers tempted by lesser offerings from other providers who may have name recognition but a relatively limited flow of compelling content. Foxtel, which has an approximate 14% equity stake in the Ten Network, is already seeing benefits from the MCN advertising joint venture. The partnership with MCN delivers a broadened sale platform and obvious operating efficiencies. It is worth noting that Ten was the only free-to-air network to gain market share in its fiscal first half. While HarperCollins faced a challenging quarter, as we had foreshadowed due to tough comparisons with the strong sales of Divergent and American Sniper last year, the trends do appear to be improving. There is a stronger pipeline, including the paperback edition of Go Set a Watchman and the publication of Megyn Kelly’s first book, scheduled to appear this November. In the next fiscal year, we look forward to launching the latest books from Daniel Silva, Patricia Cornwell, and Veronica Roth, the author of the Divergent series, whose next novel, Carve The Mark, the first part of a duology to release in January. The books cover was released today to much acclaim by Veronica’s many, many fans. As a result, we are encouraged by the outlook for the next fiscal year, and expect to see improved year-over-year comparisons in the current quarter. We also continued to strengthen our international operations to make most of hit books globally. For example, by having taken full control of our operations in Italy and France and expanding in India. At News and Information Services, while the print ad market, particularly in the UK, remains somewhat challenging, and News America Marketing’s FSI revenues were certainly under pressure, we are continuing to rightsize our cost structure while emphasizing the importance of high-quality content and providing creative products and quality audiences for our advertisers. This quarter, segment EBITDA reflected positive growth at both Dow Jones and at News Corp Australia, thanks in part to the benefits of earlier efficiencies. Let me take a moment to discuss some of our cost initiatives in detail. At News Australia, we’ve announced an initial goal of 5% in annualized fixed cost reductions across the business, and we are well on the way to achieving that target with AUD40 million of cost savings expected in the second half of this fiscal year. These are savings range from lower production costs to the closure of lossmaking businesses and reduced headcount across the divisions. This, along with a moderation in print ad declines and acceleration in digital revenue has contributed to News Corp Australia’s stronger quarter this quarter. As a way to demonstrate our scale, according to a new study by Nielsen and IAB, News Corp digital properties reached just under 16 million Australians above the age of 14 in each month, which is higher than Facebook. At Dow Jones, expenses moderated thanks to a combination of lower sales and marketing spend and reduced newsprint expense. We continue to make strides in circulation, outpacing our peers, and as we’ve communicated, we have ambitious goals for ongoing digital growth. In this quarter, we also relaunched the MarketWatch website and we have seen 20% revenue growth, with quarterly traffic exceeding 20 million unique users and page views of over 150 million, up high teens versus the second quarter. At the professional information business, we rolled out customized newswires, created a new vertical targeted at financial regulation and launched Factiva Mobile, providing additional avenues of future growth and improving the service for our professional subscribers. Revenues at our risk and compliance business grew 30% year-over-year, and the tougher regulatory climate in many sectors, particularly in financial services, is clearly stimulating demand for our products. At News UK, we still see challenges in the ad market. There was continued weakness in print demand, specifically from the supermarket sector, which itself is in the midst of upheaval. But variable and fixed operating costs are both declines, a trend which Bedi will detail momentarily. In addition, the cover price of the Sun rose 10P in March, and the Times cover price increased by 20P in April. We’re looking forward to the launch of a redesigned Sun website in the coming weeks, which should attract more traffic and be a stronger ad platform. We believe there is clearly room for significant growth in digital advertising of the Sun, given that the site itself has just emerged from behind a payable. Traffic is almost doubled to more than 35 million monthly unique visitors since October, after which the site was fully opened. News America Marketing continues to face pressure on freestanding insert revenues, while domestic in-store display showed solid growth. Our key ambition is to complement the printed coupon business with a new mobile offering, which is why the team is focused on growth at Checkout 51. Leveraging our platforms at Dow Jones, the New York Post, and Realtor.com, NAM has accelerated expansion of Checkout 51 and it is now in the top 10 of all free shopping apps in the Apple Store. As mentioned previously, we announced this quarter that News America Marketing has agreed to settle its legacy class action lawsuit with consumer packaged goods companies that was instigated by trial lawyers. We’re pleased that we can continue to work with our long-term business partners without the unwelcome distraction of this case. In conclusion, we are focused on rapidly shifting News Corp into higher growth businesses while determinedly reducing our expenses at the news and information services segment to better reflect the changes in the advertising market. And we’re pleased with the continuing progress in digital real estate, which has become a large and growing pillar for the company’s future. With that, I’ll turn you to Bedi for further detail on the quarter’s numbers.
Bedi Singh: Thanks, Robert. We reported FY16 third quarter total revenues of $1.9 billion, down 7% from the prior year period. As Robert noted we were again impacted by currency headwinds, although lessening from the prior quarter, which negatively impacted Q3 total reported revenues by $72 million. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and acquisitions, adjusted total revenues declined 5% compared to the prior year. Reported total segment EBITDA loss of $122 million includes a one-time pretax charge of $280 million related to News America Marketing’s settlement of the CPG class-action lawsuit and related claims. Excluding that cost, total segment EBITDA would’ve been a positive $158 million. Currency fluctuations impacted total reported segment EBITDA by $9 million or 5%, and we also incurred transaction costs of $7 million related to REA’s acquisition of iProperty and $3 million in legal costs related to the UK newspaper matters. For the quarter, adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.04 versus $0.09 in the prior year. Reported EPS from continuing operations, which includes the News America Marketing settlement charge net of tax, were negative $0.26 compared to $0.08 in the prior year. Turning now to the individual operating segments. In news and information services revenues for the quarter declined $122 million, down 9% versus the prior year period. Adjusted segment revenue declined 6%. Within these segment revenues, advertising declined around 15%, or roughly 11% in local currency due to a weakness at the FSI business in News America Marketing and in print advertising, offset by strong digital ad growth at Dow Jones. Circulation and subscription revenues declined 4%, but were overall flat in local currency. News and information services reported a segment EBITDA loss of $187 million. Excluding the News America Marketing settlement charge, segment EBITDA this quarter would’ve been a positive $93 million, a decline of 18% compared to the prior year. Adjusted segment EBITDA was down 11%, an improvement from the prior quarter rate, with declines at News America Marketing partially offset by growth in our newspapers due to strong improvements at both Dow Jones and News Australia. Looking at performance across our key units. At Dow Jones, domestic advertising at the Wall Street Journal declined 4% versus the prior-year quarter, a slight improvement from last quarter. Declines in print advertising were again partially offset by continued solid growth in digital, driven by strength in programmatic and custom content. And digital accounted for approximately one third of Dow Jones’ ad revenues this quarter. Wall Street Journal circulation revenues grew 5% this quarter due to higher subscription pricing and higher digital paid subscribers, as print volume remained relatively stable. Digital only paid subscribers were 893,000 for the quarter, a strong double digit gain over the prior year. And at PIB, we saw positive net installs and stable revenues excluding currency, led principally by continued strength in the risk and compliance business. At News Australia, advertising revenues for the quarter declined 15% or 7% in local currency. The rate of decline in print advertising moderated due to sequential improvements in the national and retail categories, and we also saw an acceleration in digital advertising growth compared to last quarter, led by strength at News.com.au. Circulation revenues at News Australia were relatively stable in constant currency as a result of cover price increases and higher paid digital subs, largely offsetting print volume declines. We took a cover price increase for the weekday Metro newspapers of $0.10 during the quarter. Digital paid subscribers grew over 25% year-over-year to 273,000 for newspapers and other publications as of the quarter end. And as expected, we are seeing the benefit of the cost reduction program implemented at the end of Q2, and realized an estimated AUD17 million of cost savings in the quarter and are on track to meet the AUD40 million target for the second – fiscal second half. As a result, News Australia showed improvement both on reported and local currency basis compared to the prior year. At News UK, advertising revenues declined 21%, or down mid teens in local currency, driven by weakness in print advertising at both the Sun and Times, reflecting a weakened marketplace from the prior quarter. Digital, while small as a percentage of revenues, accelerated led by the Sun. Circulation revenues at News UK declined mid-single digits in local currency compared to the prior year, primarily due to news stand volume declines and the removal of the Sun’s paywall, which were partially offset by subscription and cover price increases. The key management focus at News UK is on improving the performance at the Sun, particularly its digital proposition. We will be relaunching the Sun’s website imminently, which will be integrated with much more video and better aligned for mobile usage and monetization in conjunction with our video ad platform, Unruly. In Q3, the Times continued to gain circulation market share and saw modest volume growth. The Times had 174,000 digital subs as of the quarter end, representing more than 40% of the total paid subscribers. Declines at News UK moderated from last quarter, primarily reflecting overhead and editorial saving initiatives, lower newsprint prices across our titles and cover price increases. At News America Marketing, revenue declined 17% versus the prior year quarter. FSI weakened this quarter due to lower volumes and pricing pressure, as we had anticipated. Domestic in-store, however, rose slightly this quarter. News America Marketing also incurred higher investment spending at Checkout 51, its digital and mobile coupon company. Checkout 51 is a key part of the strategy to digitize News America Marketing, and the current focus, as Robert mentioned, is to drive app downloads and expand usage. Turning to the Book Publishing segment, revenue decreased 11% and segment EBITDA declined 36% versus the prior year. Declines were due to expected tougher year ago comps from the sales of the Divergent series and American Sniper, as we noted in the last earnings call, as well as lower e-book volume across the marketplace, similar to the second quarter. As a result, total digital revenues for the quarter were 21% of consumer revenues, down from 25% in the prior year. Divergent sold less than 1 million units this quarter compared to 2.3 million units in Q3 last year, and HarperCollins also sold 2.7 million units of American sniper in the prior year. Combined, those two franchises accounted for the majority of the year-over-year revenue shortfall. Top-selling books this quarter include The Nest by Cynthia Sweeney, and Pretty Happy by Kate Hudson in general trade books, and the Glass Sword by Victoria Aveyard in children’s. And Digital Real Estate Services, total segment revenues increased $24 million, or 14% to $194 million, which includes the consolidation of iProperty and Diakrit, which closed in February and the lapping of the Move acquisition in November 2014. Segment EBITDA was $39 million, down from $42 million in the prior year. This reflects $7 million in one-time transaction costs for the iProperty acquisition, higher planned marketing expenses at REA Group, and $11 million higher legal expenses at Move related to the Zillow litigation. Importantly, adjusted revenue and adjusted segment EBITDA grew 18% and 23% respectively, inclusive of the $11 million higher legal expenses at Move. As Robert noted, Move is currently in litigation with Zillow, and we would expect to incur some additional legal costs in the fourth quarter as we prepare for trial in early June. REA’s revenues grew 9% or approximately 20% in local currency due to higher list depth product penetration, partially offset by an earlier Easter as compared to the prior year. Move revenues rose 20% versus the prior year, driven by strong growth in the connection for core brokers product and higher non-listing media revenues, partially offset by reduced ad inventory as part of the site redesign. Unique user growth at Realtor remains strong, up 30% to 50 million average per month for fiscal Q3 and hitting a record 55 million users in April. In cable network programming, revenues decreased by $9 million, or 8% compared to the prior year, but on a currency adjusted basis, revenues were flat. Subscription revenue declined 5% as higher affiliate fees and subscriber gains were more than offset by FX headwinds. Excluding currency, subscriber revenues grew around 3%. Advertising revenue declined 18% due to the absence of the Asian Cup and Cricket World Cup in the prior year and the local currency ad revenues declined around 12%. Segment EBITDA in the quarter, however, rose 26% on a reported basis and 33% adjusted for currency, due to lower acquisition costs from the absence of these two sporting events. With respect to earnings from affiliates, Fox 10 entered the quarter with approximately 2.9 million total subscribers, with cable and satellite subs increasing approximately 6% compared to the prior year period and higher Presto subs despite increased competitions from SVOD players. Foxtel revenues for the quarter in local currency were up 2% and EBITDA declined 4% in local currency due to higher programming costs and an increase in subscriber acquisition costs driven by new offers launched in January. Foxtel no longer expects to increase EBITDA over FY15 due to these factors and continued focus on sales and marketing. Foxtel posted record gross cable and satellite ads this quarter, driven by favorable consumer reception to offers in the market. Churn in the quarter rose to 14.3% from 10.9%, which was largely driven by subscribers on no contract offers, and we expect churn to remain higher than normal in the short-term. However, year to date churn was relatively stable, and amongst longer tenured subscribers, remains near record low levels. Heading into the fiscal fourth quarter, there are a few points to note. First, as we’ve disclosed in our filings, this being a 53 weeks fiscal year for us, we have an extra week in fiscal fourth quarter, which should have a modest positive impact on revenue and EBITDA. We expect to see continued cost savings at NIS segment across each of our key mastheads and the flow-through of recent cost saving initiatives. Book Publishing should benefit from the normalizing of comparables given the absence of Divergent comps and a strong pipeline this quarter, including the paperback release of Go Set A Watchman. We expect REA to benefit from the early Easter, which should be a positive on listing volume in Q4, and Move continuous to expect strong revenue growth off the back of increased audience. And finally, CapEx for continuing operations for the year is likely to be in the $240 million to $260 million range, below the $308 million from last year. And with that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz: There’s been quite a bit of news around potential buyout of Telstra’s stake in Foxtel, so I was just wondering if you could touch on some of the key positive and negative aspects you’re mulling over for that potential acquisition? And maybe just your general thoughts in that business over the next few years and how it differs from Telstra, who looks like they want to exit? And I guess on top of that what’s your appetite for leverage to make a deal of this size happen?
Robert Thomson: Eric, we’re not going to speculate on idle speculation. What we can tell you is that the new team at Foxtel, led by Peter Tonagh, and at our partners in Foxtel Telstra are determined to improve the business. We’re investing in subscriber growth, and you saw today with the announcement of the acquisition of EPL, the premier league rights for the six most important clubs, that day after day, week after week, Peter and team are both improving the product and most crucially improving the projection, because we believe that there’s no doubt that Foxtel has the best suite of programs. There’s no doubt that that portfolio is starting to resonate. It already is resonating with our long-term subscribers. There’s obviously a little bit more churn when you have a lot of offers out there, but long-term we believe that the health of Foxtel is robust and that we have a full faith in the new executive team. And I think the cleverness of the deal that they’ve done on premier league rights tells you that we’re certainly going to look after our fans who like EPL, but we were never going to acquire EPL in a way that would hurt EPS. Now you might want to watch a game in the middle of the night and pay a lot of money to do that. That’s what Australians would call a nocturnal marsupial, but you’re a rather sad and sultry person in the middle the night, or you can watch the game, frankly, with your family at lunchtime and cheer on your favorite players. And one other thing about the particularly interesting offering that Peter and the team have at Foxtel is that you’ll also be able to see all the reserve games, the under 21 games, and so when well-known players like [indiscernible] or Jack Wilshire come back into the intermediate teams ahead of playing in the mountain, you’ll be able to watch those games as well.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Eric. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski: Hello, Robert. Hello, Bedi. My question is around digital real estate services and Move specifically. Apologies if I missed this, but are you able to tell us what the EBITDA for Move was over the quarter, and then in light of the continued legal expenses which have been incurred, do you expect Move to be breakeven for the full-year?
Bedi Singh: So, we don’t actually specific give out Move’s EBITDA, but I can tell you that in Q3 there was positive EBITDA and this was despite the fact that we incurred the higher legal expenses in the Zillow litigation. And we expect, clearly, given the audience growth we see at Move, we expect revenue growth going into Q4, and I would expect barring legal fees, which we don’t know what the quantum of those could be in Q4. Barring legal fees to one side, we would expect to see EBITDA positive and EBITDA growth in the fourth quarter for Move.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, to supplement what Bedi said, and that includes our stock-based compensation, which some companies in the sector don’t do. As Bedi said, we fully expect core EBITDA growth this quarter, and we fully expect even faster EBITDA growth in succeeding quarters. Were in the middle of what you might call home renovations at Realtor.com. You can see from what you might call a buy-side product, the co-broke where we have 45% revenue growth year on year. That side of the business is doing well, and Ryan O’Hara and the team at Move are now working on improving the sell side products. So that’s one known as Turbo and another known as Showcase, and we expect over coming months and into the next fiscal for those also to have a positive impact.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Entcho. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
James Kopelman: Hi this is James Kopelman, in for Alexia. A question on the Journal and digital. Digital subs are obviously growing fast and you guys are reaching impressive levels. Can you talk about strategies for further growing digital subs, and maybe provide some color on what you’re looking at, whether it’s with regards to retention, perhaps lowering churn, or in terms of – on the product side, whether it’s adding PDO, expanding into new verticals? You mentioned MarketWatch earlier. I guess, where do you see the opportunities, and how are you exploiting them? And then as a follow-up, one of your publishing peers, I think when they were at a similar level of subs, within about a year they passed 1 million. So I guess any color on – if you could comment on what your own broad timeline is for hitting that key threshold of 1 million digital only subs? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: Well, we certainly are optimistic for the digital potential at Dow Jones and the Journal in particular. What we’re doing obviously is emphasizing, as one must in the contemporary age of content, video, increasingly interactive engagement with this premium audience. But also developing new verticals. Virtuous verticals that give us more elasticity because they touch professionals in a way that, on a need to know basis, these are knowing audiences, but frankly they’re also paying audiences. I think you need to see the Dow Jones offering as essentially having three segments. The B2C and the B2B, both of which are well known, Factiva and newswires, venture capital related verticals are at the B2B side, but there’s also a very strong B2P play between the consumer and the business. That’s the business to professional, and we see that the team there, Will Lewis and the editorial team are constantly fashioning new products for the fast-growing B2P segment, which is obviously a more sophisticated product, frankly, at a more sophisticated price.
Mike Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis: Thank you. Robert, you talked about mastheads and audiences being undervalued by agencies, and I think you’d say you have the scale and you felt that way for awhile. So how do you change that narrative and/or inertia to realistically gain share of budget?
Robert Thomson: So that’s a really good question. One way you change the narrative is to start talking about it, as we are. Secondly, we have to do a better job of selling the power of the platforms and the reach of the audiences. You look at our US digital platforms, and that’s Realtor, the Post, Wall Street Journal, Marketwatch, that’s around 160 million monthly uniques. And I’ll tell you one story, which we use our own platforms to create new products and generate new audiences. You may have noticed just over two weeks ago, we traded a packaged libertarian site called HeatStreet. HeatStreet has picked up 1 million uniques in just over two weeks. External marketing spend on Heat Street, $10,000. That is proof of the power of our platforms relative to external platforms. We have to do a better job of explaining it, but quite frankly, I think advertisers need to challenge agencies. Because at times, the interest in the agency and the interest of the advertiser or not in alignment.
Mike Florin: Thanks, John. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Arthur with Huber Research.
Doug Arthur: Bedi, on book publishing, HarperCollins, just to be clear, are you expecting topline growth in the fourth quarter, or just improvement? Thanks.
Bedi Singh: Look, clearly it also depends on what the mix of books is, but at this stage when we look at where the last month and where we were entering this month, I would expect both topline growth and I would expect improvement at the bottom line.
Doug Arthur: Great. Thank you.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Doug. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber research.
Craig Huber: You guys threw out a lot of numbers on the new super ad revenues. I don’t think I heard the UK ad revenue percent change in the core year over year without currency. And also, can you remind us, the Zillow lawsuit you talked about, what dollar amount are you guys going after there please?
Bedi Singh: On the UK, what I said was that ad revenues in the UK declined 21%, but in local currency they were down mid teens. And on the legal segment, I’m not sure we are going to be saying a lot other than the fact that there is a trial date that’s been set in early June and we are preparing to go to trial.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Craig. Operator, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Kass with BlueMountain Capital.
Michael Kass: Just a follow-up on one earlier question on Move. [indiscernible]. Did you disclose the revenue in the quarter for Move, you have generally done that?
Mike Florin: Mike, can you repeat the question, we just had trouble hearing you.
Michael Kass: I was wondering what the absolute revenue at Move in the quarter was?
Bedi Singh: We actually don’t give out a separate number for actual revenue, we give out percentage increase.
Robert Thomson: It was up 20%, quarter on quarter. The unique users up 30% for the quarter itself, in April up 25%.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Mike. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Thanks very much. Are you still incurring any cash flow losses on Amplify, even though you sold it? And also as a general question, what percentage of your newspaper cost space relates to newsprint now?
Bedi Singh: With respect to Amplify, we’ve pretty much cleaned up most of the bits that were left over. In the quarter, there was a very immaterial loss, looking at the Q4. We have a very immaterial amount of cash flow to go, and we expect to be completely sheet cleaned up as of 30 of June.
Robert Thomson: And as for newsprint, newsprint is probably less than 10% of total cost for a masthead these days. What we have been able to do across our mastheads were the extra focus of the new news is whether it be software, the publishing systems, newsprint contracts, generally we are engaging a lot more collective cooperative bargaining of the company. We are able to get costs down. Share experiences. Share expertise. De-dupe expenditure in a way that is having a tangible positive impact on all the cost bases.
Mike Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question please.
Operator: We go next to Sacha Krien with CLSA.
Sacha Krien: Thanks, guys. In relation to News America Marketing legal costs, can you give us idea of the quantum of fees you’ve incurred over the past quarter and perhaps over the past 12 months? And just to confirm that there aren’t any legal fees rolled up in that charge? And then just a quick second question in relation to Foxtel. Is it churn that’s the primary reason behind not hitting the previous guidance?
Bedi Singh: With respect to legal fees for NAM, we incurred $10 million roughly in the quarter, and the settlement that was for $280 million does not include these $10 million of legal fees, which went through separately.
Robert Thomson: As for Foxtel, as you know, we’re in the midst of an intensive marketing drive. The churn will have an impact on revenues partly because, as Bedi mentioned, they are no contract offers. But you’re still looking at ARPU in the high $80’s which is significant. And you’re looking at a low rate of churn for long-term customers. And you should note that Foxtel implemented a $1 price increase for the entertainment tier, which will have a benefit in the next quarter.
Mike Florin: Thanks. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: Hi thanks. I’m interested in the Sun, with you removing the paywall, and if I remember correctly, when you set up the paywall for the Times several years ago in the UK, your viewership dropped by a big number, 90% or something like that, which is understandable because you are getting people to pay. So I just wonder if the Sun went through something similar, and now I think you said the unique’s have – I think you said have doubled. I recognize it’s relatively early, but it seems like there might be a lot more ground to recover, and I just wonder what might be different now versus the last time The Sun was basically free to all viewers. Thanks.
Robert Thomson: I think we have a lot of faith in the quality of content of the Sun. There’s no doubt that the audience already has increased. We are relaunching the website itself in coming weeks, which we presume both obviously on desktop and crucially on mobile will have a profound impact. The ad sales teams are gearing up for that opportunity and it’s definitely an opportunity. The Sun will be a brand that resonates obviously particularly in the UK, but it’s also a brand with a global halo. And so we see real potential there over coming quarters.
Mike Florin: Thanks Tim. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please?
Operator: We’ll take a question from Michael Kass with BlueMountain Capital.
Michael Kass: Thanks for taking another question. I was just wondering, now that you’ve settled at least on the CPG side, the NAM suit, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about how you see the value of that business quantitatively versus the pretty considerable settlement? I guess from a market perspective, it’s not clear that you’re getting that much value from the ownership of NAM, and you don’t disclose metrics, so why was it worth spending $300 million to settle this lawsuit?
Robert Thomson: As you can see, Marty and the team at NAM are investing significantly in the digital character of the company, because NAM has unique relationships with CPGs. It has unique relationships with retail. And what we’re seeing with NAM coming closer to other parts of the organization, is those are complementary skills which are helping introduce, for example, Realtor and our other properties to advertisers who in the past may not have had a particularly close client relationship with us. So the key thing over the next 12 months will be the development of digital. You always have to remember that NAM has significant free cash flow. That the in store business has been a growing strongly, even as the FSI business has been under pressure. And in a very short period, Checkout 51 – and would advise you to check out Checkout 51, has become one of the top 10 shopping apps. And that means in terms of reach on the Apple App Store, it has more prominence that Walmart and Walgreens.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Mike. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please?
Operator: We’ll take a question from Peter Stamoulis with Evans and Partners.
Peter Stamoulis: I was hoping you could provide a little visibility into programming costs back across Fox Sports Australia and Foxtel going forward of the next 12 months? Thanks.
Bedi Singh: In terms of Fox Sports, as you know, the simulcast of the NRL will be starting in the fourth-quarter. So we expect to incur some additional costs there. We will also have some additional costs related to a few more matches of Wimbledon and then the new Rugby Union contract also kicks in. So we’ll see an increase in sports costs there. But as you know, at Fox Sports costs tend to be lumpy, and so EBITDA tends to be a little lumpy. But overall we expect that in the fourth quarter, EBITDA should be improving slightly compared to the prior year.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Peter. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Mr. Florin, there are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.
Mike Florin: Well, great. Thanks Tom, and thank you all for participating. Have a great rest of the day. We’ll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today’s conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-02-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Florin – Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert Thomson – Chief Executive Officer Bedi Singh – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Janedis – Jeffries Entcho Raykovski – Deutsche Bank Alexia Quadrani – JPMorgan Eric Katz – Wells Fargo Michael Morris – Guggenheim Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners Doug Arthur – Huber Research Tim Nollen – Macquarie Sacha Krien – CLSA
Operator: Good day and welcome to the News Corp 2Q FY 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. The media is invited to today’s call on a listen-only basis. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Florin: Thank you very much, Noel. Hello everyone, and welcome to News Corp’s Fiscal Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago. It’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We’ll open with some prepared remarks and then we’ll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp.’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp’s Form 10-Q for the three months ended December 31, 2015 identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally please note that certain financial measures used in this call such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. News Corp is evolving rapidly into a more digital and increasingly global company with a diverse revenue mix that we resolutely believe will drive long-term growth in revenue, profits and shareholder returns. The quarter presented challenges with a still uncertain macroeconomic environment and foreign exchange volatility, but we believe in the enduring value of our prestigious brands and the sound logic of our digital strategy. Revenues fell 4% to $2.2 billion and reported total segment EBITDA declined 20% to $280 million. EBITDA for the quarter includes legal and transaction costs which Bedi will momentarily explain in detail. However, excluding the effects of forex fluctuations, revenues would actually have grown 2% versus the prior year as the successful integration of realtor.com and growth of REA contributed materially to our performance. It is thus appropriate in examining the individual segments that we begin with Digital Real Estate Services in which, by most measures, we have become the world’s largest player over the past 12 months. The position will be further enhanced by the imminent closing of REA’s acquisition of iProperty, the preeminent digital property company in Southeast Asia. We are particularly pleased by the early returns of Move, which we acquired just over a year ago and whose realtor.com network has become the fastest-growing player in the still emerging U.S. digital real estate market. For the quarter average monthly unique users increased by 37% year-over-year driven by a 57% surge in mobile users. For the month of January we recorded 50 million monthly uniques compared to 30 million in the month before we acquired realtor in late 2014. We are significantly ahead of schedule in revenue growth and in the trajectory of EBITDA for Move. Even with the investment required to enhance the site, we firmly expect positive EBITDA for this fiscal year. That result will not come at the expense of investment in the product or the brand, and should be the harbinger of increasing EBITDA in coming years. For the most recent quarter alone, revenues at Move, the parent of realtor.com, expanded 35% year-over-year on a standalone basis, while user engagement continued to grow briskly with page views 34% higher at 1.1 billion views and minutes spent on the site increasing 47% year-over-year. In December we launched a renovated realtor.com site which is more user and mobile friendly, and we expect to unveil several new products for realtors in coming months including enhanced listening and extra focus on delivering our cherished clients more and better quality bio leads. We also fashioned a partnership with CoStar that will add many thousands of rental listings and provide a new pipeline of customers who, ideally, will ultimately graduate to being home buyers. Meanwhile in Australia, REA Group continues to thrive with revenues expanding by more than 20% excluding the impact of foreign currency, thanks to the broader penetration of premium products. The REA audience in Australia is over twice the size of its nearest competitor in a market that is clearly at a different phase of growth to that of the U.S. Importantly, we are now in a position to share learnings, mobile software, and display modules across our global digital property platforms to ensure that we optimize the experience of users and the revenue for our companies. Elsewhere in Australia, Fox Sports was affected materially by currency movements which masked a strong underlying performance. The nature of the business is that the large audience is generated by showcase events, such as the Rugby World Cup, in which Australia’s performance exceeded modest expectations, are accompanied by increased acquisition and production costs. However, advertising during the quarter rose almost 30% in local currency, far exceeding the level of most Australian broadcasters. Meanwhile, Foxtel, where there has been significant investment in marketing and product, reported a moderating at the rate of EBITDA decline and improving revenue growth in local currency. Our stated aim is clear, to drive subscriber growth and to highlight to potential customers the superior value of the product selection compared to other SVOD competitors in Australia, like Netflix which has a markedly inferior offering to that of Foxtel. It’s worth noting that churn hit a near record low level at Foxtel this quarter at just over 10%. Sport is patently a crucial offering, particularly in Australia. And in the most recent quarter Foxtel and Fox Sports extended their rights to the National Rugby League, which along with Aussie Rules are the dominant sports in the country. Fox Sports will have specialist channels for both sports as we have now secured rights until 2022. We see these long-term rights as a robust foundation for the expansion of Foxtel and Fox Sports over the coming decade. Foxtel also completed the acquisition of an approximately 14% equity stake in the Ten Network during the quarter. Ten’s ad sales are being integrated into the MCN ad sales venture, creating a unified ad sales network across both freeware and subscription TV that is already gaining real traction. Ad agencies in Australia have strongly endorsed the MCN Ten model and Foxtel sees an ongoing opportunity to drive incremental advertising growth across these powerful platforms. In our News and Information Services segment, Australian advertising remained challenged, but we have seen encouraging signs in subscriptions and a more balanced revenue mix. Circulation revenues are up against the quarter excluding currency, due in part to higher digital subs across our mastheads, nearly offsetting print volume declines. We are actively focused on costs. In this past quarter, we implemented a cost reduction program across most of the businesses, which will begin to show benefits this quarter. News.com.au maintained its lead as the number one news portal in Australia. It has become a valuable platform to drive revenues, delivering around 52 million extra visits to our sites last year. In the UK we are also assiduously reducing costs at our mastheads while renewing direct relationships with advertisers to maximize revenue. We are delighted with the integration of Unruly, the social and viral ad platform we recently acquired. It is working with our businesses around the world and particularly with our UK mastheads to deliver high-quality advertising to our properties and to reduce our reliance on third parties. Unruly’s cutting edge metrics and contemporary culture are infusing energy and creativity into the broader business. Digital transformation is well underway for Sun, where we recently removed the paywall and are relaunching the site in March, optimized for video and mobile, which is self-evidently growing in potency as a platform. We are also diversifying our revenue base and monetizing the valuable Sun brand. This past quarter, News UK signed two licensing bills, with Playtech for Sun Bingo and with Tabcorp for Sun Bets, to which higher margin revenue streams will begin flowing in May, just ahead of the European soccer championships in June and in good time for the next English soccer season. The Times of London may have been founded in 1785, but it continues to prosper in 2016, gaining in market share and expanding its circulation revenues thanks to the continuing success of its digital offering, which will be able to expand internationally at little incremental cost. That extended elite, as we have discovered with the Wall Street Journal, is an extremely desirable demographic that is difficult to reach on social media and has strong affinity for the Times and the Sunday Times. At the Wall Street Journal, advertising year on year was softer. But the early signs for the current quarter are more positive. It’s worth pointing out that the Real Estate category showed significant ad strength this quarter, primarily driven in Digital by the recent launch of Mansion Global and in print by the Mansion residential section, highlighting the value that News Corp brings to realtors and the efficacy of the relationship with realtor.com. We believe these complimentary platforms are clearly worth more than the sum of their parts. Overall, Digital now accounts for nearly 50% of revenues at Dow Jones, with strong growth in the Risk and Compliance segment of our Professional Information business and healthy progress in the pursuit of three million subscriptions at WSJ and Barron’s within three years. Specifically at the Journal, there was an 18% year-on-year growth in digital-only subscriptions for the most recent reported quarter, reaching 819,000 subscribers. As well, ARPU is on the rise. So these are not deeply discounted inevitably promiscuous subscribers. I would also point out that the Dow Jones financial site Market Watch set a new traffic record in January, with more than 23.3 million unique visitors. Market Watch also had 1.2 million video stars for the month, which is a more than 460% jump year-over-year, while total visits to the site were a record 60.1 million. In other business, News America Marketing showed healthy domestic in-store and digital revenue growth, while experiencing declines in revenues due to challenges in the very competitive FSI business. Sluggish economic growth and a squeeze felt by many families around the country mean that there is a strong appetite for discounts, which explains our optimism for the prospects of Checkout 51, our recently acquired digital coupon company. We began a fresh round of marketing for Checkout 51 in January and downloads of the app have risen sharply. The weekly rate of new memberships in the U.S. and Canada has tripled in the past month to 70,000, giving Checkout 51 more than five million members to date. We are using our powerful platforms, including realtor.com to drive adoption of the app. That larger audience will give us the scale to service better offers from consumer goods companies, which in turn will make the app stickier and more attractive for potential users who literally can upload their receipts and receive cash back. At HarperCollins the integration of Harlequin continues apace, providing us with a global publishing platform including best-selling authors Karin Slaughter and Daniel Silva, we have successfully published almost 200 HarperCollins titles to date in foreign languages across more than 18 countries. Comparisons with last year were naturally made more difficult because of the blockbuster success of the Divergent trilogy, which was also a powerful performer as an e-book given the genre, teen fiction over indexes digitally. Print sales actually rose during the period, but not enough to offset the decline in digital, a softness that other publishers have also reported and is an industry-wide issue. In conclusion, while macroeconomic conditions and currency trends were inauspicious this quarter, we believe our core strategy to become a more deeply digital company with a particular emphasis on mobile is certainly on track. Our acquisitions are enhancing that capability, whether it be Storyful with mobile video or Unruly with its social sensibility or the imminent acquisition of iProperty with its digital property prowess in East Asia. We are particularly pleased that realtor.com has been transformed and through its success is transforming the character of News Corp. We have significant toil ahead, but we see a clearly defined pathway to a more digital future and increased profitability, which will be to the benefit of all investors. With that I turn the floor and the rest of the room to our CFO, Bedi Singh, to explicate the numbers.
Bedi Singh: Thanks, Robert. First I’d like to share some high level financial highlights for the second quarter, and then we’ll go into each segment in further detail. We reported fiscal 2016 second quarter total revenues of $2.2 billion, down 4% from the prior-year period. As Robert noted, we were again impacted by currency headwinds, primarily the weaker Australian dollar, which negatively impacted Q2 total revenue by $141 million or 6%. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, acquisition and divestitures adjusted revenue declined only 1% compared to the prior year. We reported total segment EBITDA of $280 million compared to the prior-year period of $352 million, excluding the impact of Digital Education segment in both periods. Currency fluctuations impacted total reported segment EBITDA by $25 million or 7%. Reported segment EBITDA this quarter includes $7 million of legal costs related to the U.K. newspaper matters net of indemnification as well as $5 million of one-time transaction costs related to the Unruly acquisition which closed on September 30, and is reflected in the News and Information Services segment. For the quarter adjusted EPS from continuing operations were $0.20 versus $0.30 in the prior year. Reported EPS from continuing operations were $0.15 compared to $0.27 in the prior year. Now let’s turn to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter declined $123 million, down 8% versus the prior-year period. More than 70% of that declines was related to the impact of foreign currency. Adjusted segment revenues declined 4%. Within segment revenues, advertising declined around 12% or about 6% in local currency due to weakness in print, partially offset by strong digital ad growth across each business unit. Circulation and Subscription revenues declined 5%, but was actually up 1% in local currency due to higher consumer circulation revenues in the U.S. and Australia combined with improvements at the Dow Jones Professional Information business. We saw a slight decline in the U.K. due to the removal of the Sun payroll in November. Looking at performance across the key units, at Dow Jones domestic advertising at the Wall Street Journal declined 5% versus the prior-year quarter due in part to tougher year ago comparisons from the Financial category. Declines in print advertising were partially offset by solid growth in digital with strength in display, mobile and video. Digital accounted for approximately one-third of ad revenues this quarter, and overall advertising trends at the Wall Street Journal are relatively stable. Wall Street Journal circulation revenues grew mid-single digits this quarter due to higher subscription pricing, higher digital subscribers and relatively stable print volume. At Professional Information business we saw positive net installs and year-over-year revenue growth absent currency for the second consecutive quarter. We also saw strong growth in Risk and Compliance and continued stability at Factiva. At News Corp Australia, advertising revenues for the quarter declined 26% or 11% of local currency consistent with the last quarter as the marketplace remains challenging across most categories. Print advertising declines were partially offset by strong growth in digital at both the metro mastheads and at news.com.au. Circulation revenue saw a double-digit decline versus the prior year. But in local currency, revenue rose low single digits due to cover price increases and higher digital subs. Importantly, revenues from digital paid subscribers nearly offset print volume declines. Digital paid subscribers grew over 30% year-over-year to 268,000 for newspapers and other publications as of the q end. Digital continues to increase its proportion of weekday circulation volume for all metro titles and for the Australian. And Digital now comprises over 40% of subscribers compared to the same period in the prior year. As we noted last quarter, we are actively addressing the cost structure of News Australia. The benefits of the initiative implemented in the latter part of fiscal second quarter will begin to flow through from the beginning of the second half of this fiscal year and continue through fiscal 2017 to deliver a 5% annualized, fixed-cost reduction across most areas of the business. At News UK, overall advertising revenue declined 12%, or 8% in local currency, driven by weakness in print advertising, particularly at the Sun, led by the grocers and telecomm providers. The key management focus at News UK is on improving the performance of the Sun, particularly its digital proposition. The Sun changed its digital strategy and removed its paywall on November 30. Based on internal metrics, Sun’s December unique users were over 14 million, relatively similar to pre-paywall levels. We expect from the site relaunch, as Robert referenced, to see higher audience levels and improved revenues in the coming quarters. In Q2, the Times and Sunday Times continued to gain market share with growth in circulation revenues and stable volume, including 172,000 digital-only subscribers as of the quarter end, representing more than 40% of total paid subscribers. News UK also continues to look very closely at its cost base, focusing on corporate overhead costs and streamlining of their business processes. At News America Marketing, revenues declined 3% versus the prior-year quarter, although a sequential improvement from Q1. FSI remains weak but was largely offset by growth in domestic in-store and in digital advertising. News America Marketing is focused on integrating Checkout 51, its recently acquired digital and mobile coupon company, and expanding its user base. Checkout 51 is a data-rich platform of transactions which have the potential to be leveraged across News Corp’s portfolio of companies. Outlook for the fiscal third quarter for the FSI business remains particularly challenging and we are also planning additional investments in Checkout 51 to drive membership. For the quarter User Information Services segment EBITDA declined 27% as compared to the prior year period and adjusted segment EBITDA was down 22%. We experienced higher marketing and retail promotion expenses at News UK of around $17 million, primarily related to competitive cover pricing pressure but we expect that that should moderate materially next quarter. Reported segment EBITDA also includes $5 million for transaction costs related to the acquisition of Unruly, as I noted earlier, and $5 million of legal expenses at Views America marketing for ongoing litigations. Turning to the book publishing segment, revenue decreased 5% and segment EBITDA declined 26% versus the prior year. Declines were due to lower e-book volume across the marketplace, similar to the first quarter and tougher year-ago Divergent comps and some FX headwinds. Titles to call out this quarter included Rhee Drummond’s The Pioneer Woman Cooks, and Sarah Young’s Jesus Calling. Total digital revenues for the quarter were 16% of consumer revenues, down from 19% the prior year, partially due to the Divergent series which sold around 600,000 units this quarter versus approximately 1.5 million units in Q2 last year. It’s also worth noting that for our fiscal third quarter we will continue to have tough comps against higher Divergent sales in the prior year of 2.3 million units and additionally around 2.7 million units of American Sniper. In Digital Real Estate Services, total segment revenues increased $54 million or 35% to $208 million. Segment EBITDA was $73 million, up 28% compared to the prior-year period, as improving operating results at REA Group were partially offset by foreign currency fluctuations. Excluding foreign currency and reflecting the inclusion of half a quarter results of Move, adjusted revenue and adjusted EBITDA grew 22% and 19% respectively. REA’s revenues grew 20% in local currency and EBITDA increased at a notably higher rate in local currency due to higher listing depth product penetration. The acquisition of the remaining shares of iProperty REA doubled already owned for approximately Australian $480 million or U.S. $340 million should close in mid-February. REA expects to incur roughly U.S. $5 million in transaction costs in the second half related to this acquisition. iProperty will be consolidated into REA commencing this quarter and is expected to have no material impact on News Corp’s EPS for the current fiscal year. REA will be reporting its half year results shortly after this call. Reported segment results include $87 million in revenues from move. Move generated mid-single digits EBITDA, excluding stock-based compensation in the quarter. Results for Move also included around $4 million of legal expenses for our litigation against Zillow. And we remain on track with our expectations to be EBITDA positive for this fiscal year. On a standalone basis, Moves revenues would have grown 35% versus the prior year quarter, the highest rate of growth since the acquisition last November, and two-and-a-half times the rate of growth seen in Q2 of last fiscal year. The improvement was led again by the connections for core brokerage product, a near doubling of non-listing ad revenues, benefiting from the successful integration into the Dow Jones programmatic exchange, higher audience levels and higher CPMs. We are also continuing to see healthy increases in our Agents and local customer numbers. Unique user growth remains strong, up 37% to 39 million average for fiscal second quarter, a bit lower than the prior quarter due to seasonality. And this has increased the 50 million in January which has been a record month. Page views and minutes both accelerated versus the prior quarter. We also saw year-over-year and sequential improvement in Move’s Software and Services business led by increase in subscribers to its top producer CRM product. In Cable Network Programming revenues decreased by $6 million or 5% compared to the prior-year quarter, but on a currency-adjusted basis revenues increased 10%. Subscription revenues were down 7% as higher affiliate fees and subscriber gains were more than offset by FX headwinds. Excluding currency, subscriber revenue grew around 7%, helped by mid-single digit subscriber growth. Advertising revenues grew 7%, benefiting from the Rugby World Cup and the Motorsport properties, combined with higher underlying market share. In local currency terms, advertising revenues grew 29%. Segment EBITDA in the quarter fell 28% due to negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations and the expected higher programming rights costs related to the Rugby World Cup of around U.S. $11 million. In December last year, News Corp Australia, in conjunction with Fox Sports Australia, announced that it had secured a new five-year deal with the National Rugby League for the 2018 through 2022 seasons. Fox Sports Australia also announced the extension of Rugby Union through 2020. These new contracts, combined with the recent extension of the AFL, means that Fox Sports and Foxtel have long-term visibility and security, the most important sports rights in Australia. On the NRL, beginning with the 2016 season, Fox Sports will broadcast all games live, including three matches per week that will be simulcast with Nine Network . This will cost incremental approximately U.S. $10 million in the second half of this fiscal year. This additional cost though will be completely offset by cost savings from the lapping of the Asian Cup and the Cricket World Cup from last year. With respect to earnings from affiliates, Foxtel ended the quarter with approximately 2.9 million total subscribers, with cable and satellite subscribers increasing over 7% compared to the prior-year period, and higher Presto subs despite increasing competition from SVOD players. In the quarter, cable and satellite share improved to 10.3% from 11.8% in the prior year. ARPU has remained relatively steady since the new pricing initiative, but as expected is down mid-single digits compared to the prior year. Foxtel revenues for the quarter in local currency were up 5%, an improvement from the prior quarter, and EBITDA declined at a sequentially lower rate of 7% mainly due to planned higher programming costs, primarily sports rights and fees, and an expected increase in costs associated with higher sales volume and the launch of Triple Play and continued marketing investment in Presto. Turning to loss from discontinued operations, this quarter we incurred a net loss of $24 million, which includes $17 million in severance and lease termination costs as part of the sale of the Insight and Learning businesses. We expect very minimal costs going forward to maintain support for the Tablet business and expect these to conclude by the end of fiscal 2016. So in summary, whilst we face challenges this quarter, notably at the News and Information Services segment and in Book Publishing compounded by continued currency headwinds, we continue to invest in digital products including the integration of Unruly and Checkout 51 as Robert mentioned. We are driving higher Digital subs and audience across our key mastheads and building our digital revenue streams. We’re actively addressing our cost base, particularly focused in Australia and the U.K. and we expect to see these benefits flow through from the second half onwards. We continue to aggressively focus on Digital Real Estate, and we believe that Move and REA Group will be core pillars of profitability for the future. We have extended our real estate reach and expertise to a small investment in India and through REA’s investment in Southeast Asia magnified by its planned acquisition of high property. And we have also solidified our content portfolio at Fox Sports Australia and Foxtel and have long-term visibility with the most valuable domestic sports. We believe that the steps we have been taking continue to position News Corp to drive long-term value per share. We are pivoting the company into faster growth segments and will continue to reinvest and be balanced with capital returns. And with that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll take our first question from John Janedis with Jeffries.
John Janedis: Thank you. You talked about the macro headwinds and you’ve also been focused on acquisitions over the past couple of years, and so with the mixed picture do you think this creates more opportunities to buy assets? And in the past you talked about a consistent return to capital program. Is this an opportunity to be more aggressive on the buyback front? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, John, I understand that you wouldn’t expect me to reveal any details about any particular acquisitions we may or may not have in mind. You have your own prescience on that. The truth is that we’re very happy with the mix of the portfolio that we have now. You can see how complimentary the assets are that we’ve acquired. These haven’t been random investments by any means and so any investment we would ever contemplate has to fit that picture where we genuinely believe it becomes more than the sum of the parts. And the way that we’ve been able to use Realtor for example to increase the usage and the downloading of the at the Checkout 51, the way we’ve been able to use MarketWatch to boost traffic to Realtor, and vice versa, has been an important part of the strategy. So that strategic imperative which we articulated at the time of the spend remains constant at the moment. As for the use of capital, we want to be consistent in our messaging and consistent in our returns of capital. We have, as you know, instituted a semi-annual dividend and we want to be consistent about that, and we’ve had a lot of buyback program. We want to be consistent about that as well. And so the principle of a certain amount of return is one that we’ve established, and we will abide by that principle. But on the other day, should there be a strategic opportunity for investment, we remain attuned to that possibility.
Mike Florin: Thanks, John. Noel, we’ll take our next question please.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski: Hi, Robert. Hi, Bedi. My question is around the Australian Publishing operations and obviously we’ve seen pretty severe declines in the market overall. How are you thinking about those operations going forward? Are they contingent on consolidation taking place? And I guess as part of that question, would any consolidation in the market, in your view, be contingent on media reform which has been speculated? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, there has been speculation about media reform. I’m not going to speculate about the possible outcome other than to say that one, it should be holistic; and two, that it should reflect the reality of the contemporary digital age. For Australian mastheads clearly, as both Bedi and I have articulated, it was a difficult quarter in advertising, and to that extent we’ve clearly embarked on a cost cutting program at the mastheads. Now of course, a consequence is that cost cutting has a cost, a short term cost and a long term benefit, but we are not being defeatist about the power of those platforms. They are very powerful platforms. And so we will continue to invest in the digital development, and we continue to believe that our print has a future as a powerful platform. For example, you look at all the angst over add blockers. You know what, add blockers don’t work on newspapers, and you have 100% viewability. So the reality of power of print as a platform, as part of our portfolio, remains constant. And I think we are in a period of advertising experimentation, and some advertisers would be, I think, slightly surprised to find the sites that they find themselves associated with. They are not premium sites; they range from the ordinary to the tawdry. Our sights are premium sights, and that value is an enduring value.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Entcho. Noel, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. My one question is sort of related to the first one, which is on cash reallocation. I guess with the heavy cash balance, would it be fair to assume that when assets headwinds subside or the business gets a bit more stable that the Board may be likely to revisit being more aggressive on either the size of the dividend or the pace of the buyback? Or is it more likely that you’ll keep a lot of dry powder because acquisitions will always remain a higher priority?
Bedi Singh: Alexia, I think Robert summarized very eloquently the answer to that question. I think we said in the past that when you look at cap returns you have to think of those in the context of our operating cash flows and the cash flows available to shareholders. And pretty much the balance of cash that we have is there to help us with investments, both internal and external. So I think we remain consistent with what we’ve said before.
Robert Thomson: And I dare say when opportunities arise or are appropriate, we will be opportunistic.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Alexia. Noel, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz: Thank you. We saw the New York Times report a strong pickup in digital subs today. And you mentioned some positive stats earlier for certain newspapers. Can you highlight in some more detail the gains you’re making at some of your key newspapers? What’s working and what you learned from the Sun?
Robert Thomson: Well certainly, it varies by geography and demography. But at the Wall Street Journal, we’re seeing strong growth digitally. Not alone in numbers but also in circulation revenues. So the ARPU is strong. At the Sun, as both Bedi and I explained, we will be relaunching the site in March. And that, combined with the fact that it’s obviously a changing of that model, we’re confident in the power of that platform. Not only in the service it can provide for readers but also in the functionality for advertisers. The Times of London is doing extremely well, behind a strict paywall. It is, I think by most measures, the most successful newspaper in the UK at the moment. It’s gaining in market share, it’s gaining in revenue. We have explained in the past that it has reached profitability, which is fair to say wasn’t the case when I was the editor a few years ago.
Eric Katz: Thank you.
Mike Florin: Noel, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with Guggenheim.
Michael Morris: Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. My question’s really around the technology investment and something of a transformation I think you guys are making toward the more digital future you’ve referenced. It seems like you’ve invested in interesting technologies that have been complementary. But my question is are you getting to a point where you have a critical mass of technology expertise where you can really start identifying and developing your own solutions and maybe even selling those outside the company and what does it take to get there? Is it hiring more within the structures that you’ve built or do you think you have to acquire more technological expertise going forward?
Robert Thomson: I think we have, it’s fair to say a brilliant tech team. We’re very happy with the pace of development internally. We’re not arrogant about that, because it’s a challenging environment and this is a tech team that’s up for the challenge. In part, you have to ensure that when you acquire a wonderfully creative company like Storyful or Unruly that you’re able to integrate them in a meaningful way. They can’t become orphans. So that’s as much a cultural challenge as a technological challenge. So we’ve been very careful to introduce the leaders of those companies and tech engineers of those companies right across the News Corp network, and because you want them to be beacons of creativity and ingenuity institutionally, So they’re performing that role that’s difficult to define in a pure metric sense but is absolutely material to the future of the company.
Mike Florin: Thanks Mike. Noel, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi. Just wanted to further understand the cost savings plan going forward please in book publishing but also the newspaper area, it looked like in the last quarter if you adjust for currency or news and information cost were flat or maybe lightly down. Just talk a little bit further about your game plan to take out more cost there please. Thank you.
Bedi Singh: I think I referenced the cost savings that we have more on the newspaper side. I think on the book publishing side they are obviously taking costs out after the Harlequin acquisition; and I think for Harlequin we had said that there would be around $20 million of synergy savings. I think we are pretty much on track to get the majority of those in this fiscal year and obviously software flowed into the first half. With respect to the newspaper, in Australia we’ve indicated that we’re looking at like a 5% run rate sort of cost savings into the future. In terms of dollars that’s around, in the first half it was around $40 million to $50 million, I think on an annualized basis we expect it to be in the $60 million to $70 million range of savings. News U.K. is aggressively looking at its cost structure. We haven’t given specific numbers out on that. But again, as I said in Q2, while reported sort of costs are down 5%, the head count – it’s mainly through head count and most of that through Australia. We’ve also renegotiated newsprint and ink deals. That’s had a sort of significant impact. We’ve closed printing facilities. We’ve got rid of some of our loss-making activities. So I think generally all of those things are continuing and we’d expect to see the benefits flowing through into the future.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Craig. Noel, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Doug Arthur with Huber Research.
Doug Arthur: Yeah, just a point of clarification on your targets that move on the bottom line. The positive EBITDA by year-end, is that with or without stock comp?
Bedi Singh: Sorry, with or without?
Doug Arthur: Yeah, I mean in other words will you be...
Bedi Singh: Oh, stock comp. Yeah, we will be EBITDA-positive on both, with and without stock comp.
Doug Arthur: Okay. Thanks.
Bedi Singh: But clearly without stock comp the EBITDA numbers are a lot bigger. And of course just to sort of remember our competitors when they report, they report all their numbers before stock compensation expense whereas News Corp has traditionally included stock compensation expense in the numbers we report. So that’s why I try and give both of those metrics. So you have a helpful comparison. So…
Mike Florin: Thanks, Doug. Noel, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: Hi, thanks. My question is on e-books. I don’t know if I’ve ever heard a publisher before say that their print business was up and their digital was down. I appreciate that there were some comp issues in the quarter that affected the digital sales. But I just wonder if you could explain a little bit more what’s happening with E-books in general? It seems like a few years ago we would’ve thought it would’ve been a larger percentage of total book sales, now 16% as a percentage of total sales seems a bit small to me. I know there’s some differences between fiction versus nonfiction titles and print versus e-book, but anything you can say on pricing between the two, profitability between the two? And if you might even have to dial back some of these efforts in digital and go back to print? I know that sounds perhaps extreme but anything you could say on that, please?
Robert Thomson: Look it’s a fascinating question and clearly what it shows is that purchasers make a discerning decision based on price. They are valuing a print book versus an e-book. And so you’re quite right, it’s not just the mix. Although clearly a – for example, a teen fiction book is heavily digital and a coffee table book is a coffee table book. But the longer term I think it’s fair to presume that the digital ratio will increase and exactly what that ratio will be is a matter for the soothsayers. But you can see that as people are getting devices they aren’t necessarily downloading as many digital books as they did previously. There is more competition on devices for the digital experience. But our very, very astute team at HarperCollins is learning these lessons as we go. They are intelligent, they are creative, they understand also how people read digitally a little differently to say two years ago when early adopters had one pattern, and mature adopters had another. So we certainly see book publishing as an area of opportunity, both in print and in digital.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Tim. Noel, we will take our next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we’ll take our next question from Sacha Krien with CLSA.
Sacha Krien: Hi, Robert. Hi, Bedi. I’ve just got a question in relation to Foxtel and Fox Sports because I think you had previously guided toward EBITDA growth for the full year for Foxtel. Are we still on track for that outcome? And what’s the assumptions that depend on in terms of subs growth? And then in relation to Fox Sports, Bedi, you mentioned the incremental costs renewal in the second half of 2016. To what extent can we see that being offset in FY 2017? You mentioned offsets in second half 2016. Are they any in FY 2017? Thanks.
Bedi Singh: So I think with respect to Foxtel you know we expect strong growth in Q3 and Q4. And I think we believe that we are in line for EBITDA growth as we said before for the full year. EBITDA improvement fuels the cyber revenue as I said going up, as well as there will be some additional cost savings in a business wide in programming, sales and marketing as it becomes ease with what the level of costs were in Q2. So I think we are on track with Foxtel.
Robert Thomson: There is a lot of competition in the market at the moment when you look at for example, Netflix and others. But what I think you need to understand is that Netflix in the U.S. is very different to Netflix in Australia. The Australian operation has quantitatively and qualitatively a far lesser offering, and you might puckishly call it not Netflix, but Notflix. And we believe that as people look closely at the offerings that the value that Foxtel can bring will become increasingly apparent.
Mike Florin: Okay. And there’s a question on Fox Sports. Sasha, did you have a question on Fox Sports?
Sacha Krien: Yes. I was just wondering, Bedi, you mentioned that you would be able to offset the incremental costs in the NRL in the second half of 2016 given the cycle in the World Cup costs and also Soccer costs. Just wondering is there any offset in FY 2017 either at the cost line or via subscription cost increases.
Bedi Singh: I think clearly expect EPL will be affected. We will see continued revenue growth from subscriber build into fiscal 2017.
Mike Florin: Thanks, Sacha. Noel, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue. I’ll actually turn it back to Mike Florin for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Florin: Great. Well, thank you, Noel. Thank you all for participating and have a great rest of the day.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-11-07 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - Senior Vice President and Head, Investor Relations Robert Thomson - Chief Executive Officer Bedi Singh - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank Fraser McLeish - Credit Suisse Alice Bennett - CBA James Copeland - JPMorgan Doug Arthur - Huber Research Justin Diddams - Citi Andrew Levy - Macquarie Craig Huber - Huber Research Brian Han - Morningstar Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Peter Stamoulis - Evans & Partners
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corporation first quarter fiscal year 2016 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. The media is invited to today's call on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal first quarter 2016 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago. It's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2015 identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, the definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used on this call such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson with some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. News Corp is on track in its transition to a more digital and increasingly global future, having integrated several recent acquisitions and built a powerful platform for sustained growth. We have focused on driving the long-term expansion of revenue and profit, and leveraging the potency of our brands, while diligently confronting costs to maximize long-term returns for all investors. During the last quarter, foreign exchange fluctuations obviously negatively affected revenue and EBITDA in our international operations, but this should not obscure the real progress made at many of our businesses. In fact, News Corp's revenues, excluding the effects of currency, grew 4% in the last quarter, underscoring the value of our shift to higher growth businesses and our prudent reinvestment strategy. We believe the global economy is still in relatively unchartered territory, with U.S. interest rate rise pending and emerging markets still subject to political and economic volatility. From a macro perspective, our core markets are growing, but not at an optimum level. We are particularly pleased with the progress at realtor.com, which is significantly ahead of schedule on key metrics. We are now by some reckoning the world's largest digital property listings company. Our majority-owned REA has just announced plans to acquire iProperty Group, the leading digital real estate operator in Southeast Asia. We also see a bright future in the U.S., where the national real estate market is still gradually returning to health, with recent increases in the volume of units sold and the potential for further expansion. The company's digital expertise and ability to harvest commissioned data has been enhanced by the addition of Unruly, Storyful and Checkout 51, all of which will have a positive impact across our businesses and around the world. We are already seeing significant new contracts and business opportunity, because of Storyful's and Unruly's unique skills in measuring the social and viral penetration of advertising campaigns. And Checkout 51, acquired by News America Marketing, will provide us with real-time information about consumers' buying choices. In the areas of data and advertise, we believe markets are on the cusp of significant upheaval. Contemporary advertising has been distorted by trash traffic, invisible impressions and mockable metrics to the detriment of advertisers, large and small. Needless to say, and thus worth reinforcing, all newspaper ads are a 100% viewable. Respected brands and quality journalism will have a particularly profound value at a time when so many so-called audiences are artificial. While musing on the value of the genuine and verifiable, it is worth noting the healthy multiples for financial news brands with some, but limited global reach. There is no business news brand with the authority, the credibility or the reach of The Wall Street Journal and Dow Jones. Will Lewis and our team at the company are striving to make the most of a brand, a content set and an audience that are uniquely valuable. Bedi will provide further depth and detail on our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2016, where our reported revenues were $2.01 billion compared to $2.11 billion in the previous year. Clearly, currency fluctuations had a negative impact. Income from continuing operations was $143 million compared to $109 million, while total segment EBITDA was $165 million compared to $194 million, again reflecting the significance of currency movements. Reported earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.22 compared to $0.15 in the prior year. As I signaled, our expanding digital real estate operations are a powerful source of growth and reason for optimism. REA revenues and EBITDA accelerated versus the fourth quarter, with a notable improvement in lifting volume in Australia and a higher uptake of premium listing passages. realtor.com continued to benefit from its integration into the broader News Corp family, and is reporting robust revenue growth with a 33% increase year-on-year, significantly higher than our competition. Traffic continue to expand rapidly in the most recent quarter, with average monthly unique users of 46 million, a 43% increase year-over-year, while mobile users rose by 64%. Engagement at realtor.com is also strong, with our enhanced editorial coverage seeing a more than 200% increase in traffic year-over-year, and reflecting a crucial role that the company's traditional skills can play in the contemporary marketplace. Extra attention is being devoted to our software and service business, which today accounts for approximately 20% of Move's revenues, to ensure that we provide realtors and vendors and purchasers with the freshest and most accurate listings information, and to improve lead generation and conversion. With realtor.com gaining market share and momentum, we continue to expect Move to be EBITDA-positive this year and that number should ramp up in fiscal 2017. We are also heartened by the performance of both WSJ advertising and the professional information business at Dow Jones. Advertising at the Wall Street Journal rose against the comparable period, both for print and for digital, with the technology sector being a significant contributor to revenue. It is perhaps not surprising that those whose trade is purely digital should appreciate the power of the print platform, which is in essence a succession of prominent daily billboards for an influential, affluent self-selecting audience. Meanwhile, circulation revenue at the Journal grew mid-single digits. Thanks to a new pricing schedule and healthy volumes. Keep in mind that circulation revenue at Dow Jones has grown every quarter since News Corporation acquired it in 2007. The professional information business grew, adjusting for currency vicissitudes, for the first time in more than two years and certainly appears to be headed in a positive direction. Our risk and compliance business is striving at a time of intensified regulation and government scrutiny, and we are launching a suite of WSJ Pro products aimed at professionals, who require a sector-specific briefing about changes, opportunities and threats in their areas of expertise. That higher level of business intelligence obviously demands a higher price. Speaking of launches, just this week, the Journal released its new WSJ City app, bringing the best business news to people who are in or care about the City of London. This is but one example, along with the new global editions of the Journal of the potential growth internationally. I'd also like to point out the success at Barron's, who's experienced growth in circulation and advertising revenue, both in digital and print in the U.S. and internationally, especially with the launch of a digital edition in Asia. FOX Sports in Australia performed admirably in the first quarter in local currency. Advertising grew significantly and continued to gain market share, as advertisers recognized the loyalty of the viewer base, the quality of the sports rights and the work done to create compelling programming between sports events. A digital presence has increased through FOX Sports Now and the large audiences for the Rugby World Cup, despite the time difference with London. We are also excited by the expanded and extended relationship with Australian rules football, with the agreement that FOX Sports will broadcast matches through 2022. We are confident that FOX Sports has the most valuable rights for Australian sports, which generate by far the highest ratings. Foxtel continue to expand its cable and satellite subscriber base, and penetration has certainly been improving. The situation is very different to that of the U.S., where the vast majority of households already have cable or satellite contracts. In Australia, the figure is a relatively modest 30% penetration. Meanwhile, we are pleased that the ACCC has approved the Foxtel investment in the 10 Network, and we expect to benefit from use of the multi-channel network joint venture for advertising, sales and services. As previously indicated, we completed the sale of the Amplify Insight and Learning businesses. And our decision to exit from the digital education business should begin to show earnings and free cash flow improvement. We are proud of the work done by the Amplify team in creating a unique curriculum for the contemporary classroom and have no doubt that the new owners will continue to develop this remarkable resource. From our perspective, the departure from digital education is consistent with our increasing focus on free cash flow and the imperative to drive higher value for shareholders. HarperCollins was, as expected, partly a victim of its previous year's success with the Divergent Trilogy, which has inevitably reached its maturity. Though its backlist value, will endure for many years to come. Go Set A Watchman, the sequel of To Kill a Mockingbird, became the fastest selling book in the company's history, having sold more than 3 million units during the period. But that success was balanced by a general softness in the e-book market, a trend evident to all publishers and one we are watching closely. Our news and information services segment declined this quarter, primarily due to advertising softness in Australia and currency weakness. News U.K. faced some advertising challenges, but was vigilant in controlling expenses. And the rate of advertising decline improved modestly versus the fourth quarter in local currency. Given this advertising weakness, in both countries there were renewed efforts to establish direct relationships with advertisers and to provide them with improved reach and return. Our new executive team in the U.K. is much energized and News U.K. is also leading in digital expansion, having overseen with our tech team in New York, the acquisition of Unruly, now being leveraged by our businesses around the world. At a time when some are struggling to discern the difference between ad tech and fad tech, Unruly is able to instruct clients on the relative virality and sharing potential of their advertisements, given its sophisticated algorithmic metrics, which can track consumer penetration. The value of its market intelligence is certainly clear to our own properties in the U.S., Australia and U.K. Creative commercial collaboration is intensifying around the company. We expect to use the powerful distribution channels that are MarketWatch and The New York Post to help drive downloads of Checkout 51 at News America Marketing. At the same time, we expect Checkout 51 will be a valuable source of sophisticated consumer metrics that will benefit many external clients of News Corp and can also help us target internal marketing with greater accuracy and effectiveness. There is certainly no shortage of data in the world, but much of it is ill-defined and superficial. We are aiming to create a data network effect among our businesses, with companies like News America Marketing, the Wall Street Journal, realtor.com and others, all providing leads to one another in a virtuous data circle. And within the real estate sector itself, we are already sharing expertise in software and content. We expect to be able to repurpose techniques and tactics across that network, which now stretches from Texas to Thailand and from Indiana to Italy. In conclusion, while we have experienced understandable challenges in a couple of our businesses this quarter, we remain confident in our overall plans for digital and global expansion. And we are certainly pleased by the growth potential of the increasingly powerful platform that is our digital real estate business. With that, I turn things over to our CFO, Bedi Singh, to expound on the financial details.
Bedi Singh: Thanks, Robert. During the first quarter, we approved a plan to dispose of the company's digital education business, and we completed the sale of Amplify's Learning and Insight businesses on September 30. Results for that segment are now reflected as discontinued operations. For comparability, this call will focus on continuing operations, excluding the impact from the digital education segment in both periods. We reported fiscal 2016 first quarter total revenues of $2 billion, down 4% from the prior-year period. As Robert noted, we were again impacted by currency headwinds, primarily the weaker Australian dollar, which declined over 20% versus the prior year and negatively impacted Q1 total reported revenues by $188 million or 8%. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions and divestitures, adjusted revenue declined less than 1% compared to the prior year. We reported total segment EBITDA of $165 million compared to the prior-year period of $194 million. Currency fluctuations, again, primarily the weaker Australian dollar impacted total reported segment EBITDA by $29 million or 15%. This quarter also includes $5 million of costs related to the U.K. newspaper matters, net of indemnification. Excluding these, as well as acquisitions and divestitures, our total adjusted segment EBITDA was down 7% compared to the prior year. Reported EPS from continuing operations were $0.22 versus $0.15 in the prior year. The current quarter EPS includes a tax benefit from the release of valuation allowances due to the planned exit of the digital education business, which resulted in increased expected utilizations of the NOLs that we acquired from the purchase of Move. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations were $0.05 versus $0.13 in the prior year. Now, let's turn to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter declined $161 million or 11% versus the prior-year period. More than two-thirds of that decline was related to the impact of foreign currency. Adjusted segment revenue declined 3%. Within the segment revenues, advertising, which was 53% of segment revenues this quarter, declined around 13%, or about 5% in local currency, which is a modest sequential improvement from last quarter. Looking at advertising performance across our key units, at the Wall Street Journal, domestic advertising improved 3% versus the prior-year quarter and an acceleration versus the Q4 rate with both print and digital ad revenue up versus the prior year. We saw strength in technology, particularly in print. We also had solid gains in luxury goods and professional services. At News Corp Australia, advertising revenues for the quarter declined 30% or 11% in local currency, as the marketplace was weaker than the prior-year quarter. We again saw softness in several categories including retail, employment, finance, and auto with the real estate category showing modest year-over-year growth. We are actively examining the cost structure at News Australia and looking for additional operating efficiencies in the near-term. At News U.K., overall advertising revenue declined mid-single digits in local currency, a slight sequential improvement from last quarter. We saw some improvements in the real estate category, like in Australia, but more than offset by continued weakness in retail, most notably the grocers. The Times and Sunday Times outperformed the market, down low-single digits this quarter, while the Sun remained weak, down low-double digit. As Robert mentioned, we made several management changes in September, including appointing Rebekah Brooks as Chief Executive, and the key focus is on improving the performance at the Sun, particularly its digital proposition. We expect to leverage the capabilities of the recently acquired Unruly to help achieve this. We announced last week that the Sun's digital content will be transitioning to a largely free model by the end of November. And we would expect the increase in audience to drive improved revenue and EBITDA. News U.K. also continues to look very closely at its cost base. At News America Marketing, revenues declined 5% versus the prior-year quarter due to continued weakness in FSI, impacted by weaker industry pricing. Domestic in-store advertising grew modestly this quarter. Total circulation and subscription revenues, which accounted for 41% of segment revenues, declined 6%, but were up 2% in local currency. Dow Jones professional information business excluding currency grew modestly this quarter, the first increase in 10 quarters, led by strength in risk and compliance and stability at Factiva. In consumer, we saw mid-single-digit growth again at the Wall Street Journal and at News Australia in local currency, driven by subscription and cover price increases and higher digital paid sales. Segment EBITDA decreased $22 million in the quarter or 21% as compared to the prior-year period and adjusted segment EBITDA was down 15%. While we benefited from strong performance at Dow Jones, results were more than offset by weakness at News Australia and the impact of currency this quarter. Also included in segment EBITDA was an incremental $5 million negative impact related to higher legal expenses at News America Marketing for ongoing litigations. Turning to the Book Publishing segment, revenues increased 1% and segment EBITDA declined 24% versus the prior year. Adjusted revenues fell 2% versus the prior year. And adjusted segment EBITDA fell 33%, primarily due to the difficult year-ago comparison, which had higher Divergent sales and weaker e-book sales in Q1, consistent with industry trends. Total digital revenue for the quarter were 20% of consumer revenues, down from 23% in the prior year, primarily due to the higher e-book skewing Divergent year-ago comparison, which impacted total revenues by $23 million this quarter. Divergent sold around 400,000 units this quarter versus approximately 3.7 million units in Q1 last year. The release of Go Set A Watchman in July, which shipped around 3.4 million units, with the vast majority in physical copies, had only a modest uplift to profits, as we expected. In digital real estate services, total segment revenues increased $79 million or 71%, driven by the inclusion of Move results. Segment EBITDA was flat compared to the prior-year period, as operating results improvement at REA Group were more than offset by foreign currency fluctuations. Excluding foreign currency fluctuations, REA's adjusted revenue and adjusted EBITDA grew 21% and 31% respectively, an improvement from the prior-year quarter driven by higher listing volume in Australia and increased depth penetration. As you may have seen, earlier this week REA announced plans to acquire the balance of iProperty it doesn't already own for AUD4 per share. The total cost for the acquisition is expected to be approximately AUD500 million or approximately $350 million, which REA plans to fund primarily through new debt facilities. The deal is subject to court and shareholder approval and will likely close in the Q1 calendar quarter of 2016. iProperty, as Robert mentioned, has leading portals in Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and Hong Kong and a strong presence in Singapore. The deal is consistent with REA and News Corp's plans to expand geographically and invest in high growth regions. Southeast Asia is particularly attractive, given favorable macroeconomic backdrop, increasing property transactions, and low online share of real estate advertising. Reported segment results include $85 million in revenue and an EBITDA loss of $4 million from Move, including approximately $4 million of stock compensation expense. Excluding this stock-based comp expense, Move would have been breakeven this quarter, and we continue to expect it to be EBITDA positive for this fiscal year. On a standalone basis, Move's revenues would have grown 33% versus the prior-year quarter. The improvement was led again by the connections for co-brokerage product and non-listing media revenues, benefiting from the successful integration into the Dow Jones programmatic exchange and higher audience levels. We also saw a year-over-year and sequential improvement in the software and services segment, led by an increase in subscribers to its Top Producer CRM product. In cable network programming, revenue decreased by $15 million or 11% compared to the prior-year quarter. Subscription revenues fell 12%, as higher affiliate fees and subscriber gains were more than offset by foreign exchange headwinds. Advertising revenues were down 8%, impacted by negative foreign currency fluctuations, but up strongly in local currency, benefiting from the Rugby World Cup and the new V8 and Formula One Motorsport properties combined with higher underlying market share. Segment EBITDA in the quarter fell 13% due to negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations and expected higher programming rights costs related to the Rugby World Cup. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues grew by 10% and adjusted EBITDA grew by 9%. With respect to earnings from affiliates, Foxtel ended the quarter with over 2.9 million total subscribers, with the majority of growth from cable and satellite subscribers, which increased 8% compared to the prior-year period. In the quarter, cable and satellite churn improved to 10.1% from 10.9% in the prior year. Foxtel revenues for the quarter in local currency were up 3% versus the prior year. And EBITDA was down 21% due to expected higher programming costs, primarily sports rights and fees, and an expected increase in costs associated with higher sales volume and the public launch of Triple Play. Last week, 10 Network received ACCC and ACMA approvals for Foxtel's 15% investment for a total contribution of AUD77 million, subject to confirmation from the Australian Foreign Investment Review Board. 10 will also hold roughly a 25% stake in the multi-channel network ad sales venture with Foxtel and FOX Sports. Included within income lost from discontinued operations, in the first quarter of fiscal '16, the company recognized a pre-tax noncash impairment charge of $76 million, reflecting a write-down of the digital education business to its fair value. As I noted, the sale of Amplify's Learning and Insight business was completed on September 30. The gross proceeds from the sale of Amplify Learning and Insight will more than offset any exit costs relating to these businesses, including severance. And importantly, we recognize a tax benefit of $151 million as a result of the plan to dispose of the digital education business. We will continue to maintain support for the Amplify Access Tablet business. We expect future costs to be minimal, and these will be reflected in discontinued operations as Access is classified as an asset held for sale. We expect the full free cash flow and earnings benefit from the exit of the digital education business from fiscal [ph] '27 onward. In summary, we remain focused on driving long-term growth and believe News Corp is on the right track. We're always examining our asset portfolio and willing to make changes that maximize value per share on long-term growth. Our decision to exit digital education reflects our view that free cash flow is a priority for News Corp and that the ongoing investment spend at Amplify was better suited within a different structure. We have aggressively shifted our focus to digital real estate, and we believe that Move and REA Group will be core pillars of our profitability [technical difficulty]. We have extended our real estate reach and expertise through investments in India and through REA's investment in Southeast Asia, which should be magnified by its planned buy-in of iProperty. While book publishing faced some tough comparables this quarter, we are very pleased with the successful integration of our past acquisitions. We continue to leverage Harlequin's international distribution network and our annualized cost synergies from the Harlequin acquisition are on target at $20 million. While the News and Information Services segment remains volatile with advertising trends geographically uneven, we're investing in digital products, actively addressing our cost base, and using different levels to drive growth and circulation revenues. As we shift more steadily to digital and towards a more balanced revenue mix, our mastheads are evolving into unique platforms that provide valuable audiences which we can leverage across our properties, as is evident with the success of realtor.com and at REA in Australia, we believe the steps we've been taking have put News Corp in a better position to drive long-term value per share. We're pivoting the company into faster growth segments and will continue to reinvest and be balanced with capital returns. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski: My question is around Foxtel, where obviously getting revenue growth, but there has been a significant step up in the costs. How do you think about those costs going forward? Do you view the costs now providing effectively a base or is there -- are there some one-off costs in this quarter, which you're likely cycle out of in subsequent quarters?
Bedi Singh: In the quarter obviously some of the costs are related to programming. So we had costs for the motor sports and so I think those to the extent we have sports-related costs, you'd expect them to recur. In terms of marketing costs, we're still actively marketing the new packages and I think there will be some continuing costs for that. But we should see those tapering down in the second half of the year. Obviously, with triple-play, there will be customer support and installation costs that will continue, but we should see those tapering down.
Robert Thomson: To add to Bedi's answer, obviously in sales in Q1 were up 38%. Total subs were up 10% to $2.9 million. It's a very dynamic market in Australia at the moment, as you're well aware. There is some competition, for example, from Netflix, but what you have to realize is the offering at Netflix is certainly inferior to that of Foxtel and indeed inferior to that of Netflix in the U.S.
Bedi Singh: And just to add to that, obviously, the full impact of the new subscribers that we've added hasn't yet flown through, because the additions were in the second half of last fiscal year. You should see that flowing through as well as the year goes on.
Michael Florin: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Fraser McLeish with Credit Suisse.
Fraser McLeish: I've got a Foxtel related question as well. Just quickly, I think for the full-year, you said you expected Foxtel EBITDA to grow in FY '16. I'm wondering, if you're still expecting that given the first quarter? And also, it was helpful breaking out the cable and satellite growth. But I was just wondering, are you able to give us the number of Presto subscribers that are actually included in that base?
Bedi Singh: I think we still expect Foxtel to show EBITDA improvement as the year goes on. Again, it's a factor of what Robert and I both mentioned in response to the previous question, which is you'll see the effect of revenues for the new subscribers going all the way through and some tapering down of the costs. We're not actually breaking out I think the Presto numbers, but needless to say, most of the growth that we saw came from cable and satellite subscribers.
Michael Florin: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alice Bennett with CBA.
Alice Bennett: I'm sorry, I've got another Foxtel question. I just was wondering if you could give us a sense where ARPU has come through relative to the $93 you talked about in FY '15, but also just a sense of whether you're seeing any stabilization from the pricing gap, but also presumably some tiering down as Netflix penetration picks up in Australia. Just whether you're seeing those ARPU numbers start to base out or do you think there's still further downside to come?
Bedi Singh: So I think with the new pricing packages, what we're seeing is that ARPU has come down a little bit. I would say sort of mid-single digits. We haven't actually given out the actual ARPU number, but what's happening I think with that is we're seeing churn has actually improved. And in terms of spin-down, I think it's sort of on plan is the best way to put it. So we haven't seen anything significantly worrying with respect to spin-down.
Robert Thomson: Just to supplement Bedi, on the point of churn, it's down from 10.5% to 10.1%. Obviously, it's a very competitive market, but we believe we have a very competitive product.
Michael Florin: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
James Copeland: Hi, this is James Copeland in for Alexia. I just wanted to ask you a question about the journal and video and mobile advertising. I'm just curious, if you can provide any insight on how mobile and video are progressing and particularly given how rapidly mobile is growing at a couple of your peers. Could you say anything about adding new marketers maybe that are already advertising in other platforms that you might be bringing onto mobile for the first time?
Robert Thomson: It's a very good question. We are seeing obviously significant growth in the mobile audience and generally speaking in recent years, that growth in audience hasn't been reflected in a similar growth in mobile advertising. What we have done by acquiring companies like Unruly and Storyful is to bring real mobile video expertise into musical voice and not just at the Wall Street Journal, but across the company. And so that is enabling us to derive higher returns and set us on a track for longer-term exploitation of obviously what is going to be a commercially crucial canvas.
Michael Florin: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll move next to Doug Arthur with Huber Research.
Doug Arthur: Just a question on HarperCollins and book publishing. You've had a number of tough comp quarters here with Divergent. How do you see the pipeline in comps going forward?
Bedi Singh: I think with Divergent, the next quarter we should see some easing of the comps, even though Divergent was still pretty big for Q2. So I think that's probably the way to look at it. Obviously, the mix of books, any quarter compared to the prior quarter, it sort of like depends on what happened. So I think it is one of those businesses where we will continue to go quarter-by-quarter. But generally we're very pleased with the way the book business is developing. I think, obviously, we'll see how the Christmas selling season pans out.
Robert Thomson: Just to be more specific, clearly we had a great hit with the American Sniper at this time last year and into the new year, but just to give you a range of figures that highlight the difficulty of comparison, which is a great challenge for the team at HarperCollins. Last year in the first quarter, Divergent generated about $25 million in revenue off of about 3.7 million units. In the just completed quarter, it was $2 million off 400,000 net units. And also don't forget about 40% of those units were e-books, which are a higher margin. So that gives you a sense of why the comps were so complicated.
Michael Florin: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Justin Diddams with Citi.
Justin Diddams: Just a question on Move. Impressive revenue growth for the quarter. I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little on where that growth is coming from, whether it's sort of increased volume and usage through the platform, whether you put price increases through on the CoBroke product and how you are driving that revenue growth, that would be really useful.
Robert Thomson: Well, its two things I think to highlight. First of all, it's not only an increase in the quantity of traffic, its very high quality traffic. And that's leading to, in particular in the CoBroke area, an increase in revenue that's quite significant. I think overall, the revenue rose 33%. You might have noticed earlier this week a company that starts with the final letter of the alphabet, Zee that is, Zed elsewhere, was up 13%. And one other important component was a media advertising, which is where not only in the editorial content, but also in the approach to media advertising we saw a significant increase, that was up 60% year on year and so both of those components have made material improvement.
Michael Florin: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Levy with Macquarie.
Andrew Levy: Just a question on the book segment. You mentioned that the industry trends were a weaker for e-book sales. I just wanted to get your thoughts on what might have been driving that, whether it was related to releases or you think there's some of the industry issue at play at the moment?
Bedi Singh: It is sort of hard to tell in precise detail, but I think it's obviously a mix of books will affect that. I think pricing can be a factor in that. I think there's a number of things at play, but generally, if you read the other book companies and what they have been publishing in terms of their results, I think there seems to be a general weakness in e-books.
Robert Thomson: And to add to Bedi's point, which is obviously correct, it's made particularly so in our case because of the Divergent effect and its pronounced e-book component.
Michael Florin: Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. Curious how much thought you guys have given and your Board of Directors has given to potentially breaking up the company by either spinning off your news and information segment to a separate standalone public company or taking your entire Australian assets and spinning those off into separate Australian equity?
Robert Thomson: Craig, I think one thing you'll have noticed from the results is how the complimentary of our assets has created a powerful platform that it makes News Corp as it is far more than the sum of the parts. We couldn't have done what the team have done at Realtor without the newspaper assets. We couldn't have done what the team have done at REA without those newspaper assets. And you're seeing that compliment of entirety play out in other ways. And as we get more and more data across the businesses, whether they be the newspaper businesses, the News America Marketing or the real estate companies, we'll be able to share important demographic data. And I think that does give us a real comparative advantage. And what you're seeing at the moment in the ad market, as I mentioned in my preamble, at the moment there is a lot of tension between advertisers and agencies, and that's both in, for example, freestanding inserts area, right across the newspaper advertising, and we genuinely believe that the asset mix we have has created a platform for the future, for the company and obviously for shareholders.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Craig. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Hahn: Bedi, can you confirm, did you say the earnings and cash flow benefits of divesting Amplify won't come through until fiscal '17? And how much did Amplify cost News Corp in cash burn in '15?
Bedi Singh: So in '15 the cash burn was roughly about $200 million. There will be some benefit in fiscal '16. But what I meant was that the full effect will be felt from fiscal '17 onwards.
Michael Florin: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alice Bennett with CBA.
Alice Bennett: I just had a question about data, which you're referencing quite a lot. Just wondering whether you're close to the point where data is becoming monetizable, I guess. One of your competitors in Australia has talked recently about programmatic finally turning positive, the yields for the online display revenues, because of their data and what they are doing with it. Are you at the point where you're close to monetizing it or is it more just sharing it with other parts of your business?
Robert Thomson: Alice, we're certainly monetizing it. Obviously, there is data and there's high quality and there is low grade. And you look, for example, one of the Checkout 51's benefits for the company and its efficacy is clear, is that instead of intentions or context through the uploading receipts, you're seeing buying actions. That tells you a lot about not only the purchase, but the purchaser. So for example, if somebody goes to a home improvement store and buys 15 tins of paint, some siding for the house, that person may be preparing that particular home for sale. That lead is invaluable to a realtor. And so at the same time, if that person is moving into an area or leaving an area that's what you might call a typical cashman area for a Wall Street Journal reader, it's an opportunity to attract a new subscriber. That's internally our ability to optimize that data and clearly we'll get more sophisticated, as the months progress. And we're also able to use that data for our clients, our advertisers and our partners.
Michael Florin: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll move next to Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz: So I assume you're consolidating high property into your financials in calendar Q1, as you mentioned. Can you tell us the size? How much revenue and EBITDA does that business generate?
Bedi Singh: We will be consolidating -- the REA will be consolidating our property. And obviously since we consolidate REA, it will flow upwards into our consolidation. EBITDA from that business is sort of marginal and revenues are sort of in the $50 million range.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Eric. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alice Bennett with CBA.
Alice Bennett: Just one more question. Just with subscription revenues around the world, it provided a bit of a buffer to your newspaper revenues, the last couple of years. Just wondering with the cover price increases that have been fairly aggressive, whether you see that kind of tapering out over the next year or so or you still see further scope for those to continue to rise?
Robert Thomson: Alice, I think I wouldn't agree with your phrase aggressive. I think we've been conscious of our different markets and the elasticity that different products have. And if you're talking about the Wall Street Journal or Times of London, that's very different to the daily telegraph. But at the same time, we believe that these are beacon brands that they have the best journalism in the world, and there remains a certain elasticity, which varies by segment.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Alice. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski: Just a follow-up question around cable network programming, and obviously there was news earlier this week that the EPL contract has been lost to another provider. I just wanted to understand, how do you think now internally about a potential loss of subscribers, given that contract is gone? And do you intend to backfill perhaps that spot with either direct agreements with the clubs or other spots?
Robert Thomson: Entcho, obviously you can buy any route as long as you're prepared to pay any price. But sometimes, by our reckoning, any price is not appropriate for us or our shareholders. And as you say, there are some EPL fans in Australia, there's no doubt about that, but we're certainly not talking about prime time. The 3:00 PM kickoff in U.K. is 2:00 AM in Australia. So as you know, hard-core fans of anything in Australia are called tragics. So the sweet spot for EPL at 2:00 in the morning, our tragics are insomniacs. And the other thing you might have noticed yesterday, Bayern Munich beat Arsenal 5-1 in the Champions League, which maybe itself an indictment of the value of the Premier League.
Michael Florin: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Peter Stamoulis with Evans & Partners.
Peter Stamoulis: I was just interested in your thoughts around this ad blocking technology and how it may impact your traditional mastheads, and in particular advertising revenues going forward, and how I suppose you mitigate those risks?
Robert Thomson: Look, it's much talked about and less seen, to be honest, in our businesses. The truth is that, for example, Unruly will give us expertise around ads and insight into the use of ads that is valuable to our clients and as well as to our products. But the role of ad blockers is much more pronounced in what you might call commodity content sites. Sites that have more noise than news and that's certainly not ours. End of Q&A
Michael Florin: Well, thank you all for participating. And have a great day. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude tonight's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-08-12 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert Thomson - Chief Executive Bedi Singh - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities William Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC Douglas Middleton Arthur - Huber Research Partners, LLC Brian Han - Morningstar Inc. Alice Bennett - Commonwealth Bank of Australia
Operator: Please stand by. Good day, and welcome to the News Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Media is invited in a listen-only basis. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp’s Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We’ll open with some prepared remarks and then we’ll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation’s Form 10-K with 12 months ended June 30, 2015, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-K filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. And welcome to you all from Sydney. We have completed our first two years as the new News Corp with a strong finish in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, without being particularly Panglossian, I’m confident in asserting that the company is financially stronger and strategically better positioned, than when we started our journey. We have aggressively shifted to digital across our businesses through smart and disciplined investments that also expanded outreach globally. Our acquisition of realtor.com signaled a major expansion of our expertise in digital real estate, making us a global leader in the field that we believe has tremendous growth potential in the years ahead. We have reduced operating costs where appropriate and we’ll continue to be vigilant in that area. We returned capital with the declaration of a dividend, and we have been executing on our repurchase program, and we have rigorously reviewed our asset portfolio. You will see from today’s press release that we are very advanced in a strategic review of Amplify, our digital education business. We will update you on our progress, but our goal is to drive value per share for News Corp shareholders and to ensure our portfolio is a powerful platform for future growth. First, let me address the financials, on which Bedi will elaborate in a few minutes. For the year revenues were $8.6 billion, a 1% increase; while total segment EBITDA was $852 million, up 11% on the prior year. These results come despite global and financial instability. Quite obviously, currency headwinds buffeted the business, and in particular our revenues and EBITDA were affected by 4% and 6% respectively. Even though our company was not unique in being impacted by these macro trends, we were able to deliver free cash flow available to News Corp of $368 million and we expect healthy free cash flow going forward. We were optimistic that we would grow segment EBITDA in the fourth quarter, and in fact reported EBITDA rose by 50% versus the prior year, and over 60% on an adjusted basis. Let me be more specific about some key things. The reality is that the media landscape is undergoing profound change. The traditional ways of creating and distributing news and information are changing. We are not treading water in the roiling sea of change. We are increasingly determined to gather high-quality data to ensure that our users have the best possible experience, while our advertisers can be confident that our readers have connection to our content that is particularly strong in its intensity and its affinity. Both of which are distinctive in an age of digital promiscuity and digital disloyalty. We are not simply a collection of unique powerful assets. We are a company with complementary platforms. And what makes our businesses, so complementary, is how much they have in common; namely, the uncommon power of the news and content and their data, data about customers, businesses and markets that is global in scale and precise in its targeting. In the coming year, we will be enhancing our ability to deliver customized offerings to our readers, clients, and advertisers. Some existing examples indicate the future ahead. realtor.com has experienced industry-leading growth, in part because of the quality of our real estate news and analysis, which are an important service to anyone in the U.S. contemplating the purchase or the sale of a property. The moment of moving is a particularly opportune time to influence purchasing decisions. News America Marketing is benefiting from the precise demographic data that we are able to gather from realtor.com. Our clients know that we are able to identify when families are moving and that’s when they’ll need a new television, cable contract or a car for the garage. Checkout 51, the digital coupon company we acquired last month, provides precious information is about broad consumer habits, but also about specific purchases. While social media companies attempt to identify the intention of shoppers, we have detailed data about actual actions, We will get purchase from purchases. News Australia launched just last week News Connect powered by Quantium, which will combine News Corp Australia scale touching 7.2 million people each day with a huge database of transaction information to offer customized audiences based on specific flying behavior. On our acquisition strategy, during the first two years, we’ve had a clear plan to extend our expertise, build and create powerful platforms for our content, and our clients. Our first acquisition as the new News was Storyful, the world’s first social media news agency. Since that time, this online video pioneer has partnered with Facebook, VICE, YouTube, and many others to authenticate and to distribute compelling video content that has gone hundreds of millions of years. We expect to see increased integration of Storyful across our masters, as we build out and distribute native content solutions. It is also a powerful marketing tool for brands and businesses. In early fiscal 2015, we acquired Harlequin, which became part of one of the world’s preeminent publishing companies, HarperCollins. Harlequin’s global expertise has helped HarperCollins extend its international footprint, and provides a platform for growth in many lands and many languages. The virtue of that capability became clear when we run the global Spanish rights, the Harper Lee’s second novel, Go Set a Watchman, whose publication in the U.S. was [indiscernible] the book event of the year. We completed the acquisition of Move, which operates realtor.com. We had forecast that the mastheads of News Corp would be powerful platforms in driving digital traffic realtor.com and that has patently being the case. The site rose from being third place to a clear second, and became the fastest growing in the sector. We expect that realtor.com will become an increasingly important platform and profit center for News Corp. To give you a sense of the scale of the site, we had over 48 million monthly unique visitors in July, each of whom viewed an average of 25 pages. As we’ve promised at the time of the acquisition, the digital networks of News Corp helped turbocharge traffic, which is gaining market share and its position to be a core pillar of News Corp’s future profitability. In fact, we expect to see positive EBITDA this year, and further growth in coming years. We ended July with traffic up 43% versus the prior year and more than 70% into our acquisition in November 2014. News Corp has also invested thoughtfully in other businesses to extend our reach. The REA Group in which we have a 61.6% stake, or an increase its own stake in the southeast Asian online property business by a property. We made moves in India acquiring a stake in Elara Technologies, which owns PropTiger.com, a leading digital real estate marketing platform. We also acquired VCCircle, a top digital data, information, training and conferences network and BigDecisions.com, which helps Indian consumers make informed financial decisions. These are companies to complement each other and our global businesses. Some key business highlights. At Dow Jones, The Wall Street Journal is the premier player in financial news. Today, we have over 700,000 digital only subscribers and we obviously expect that number to rise. Digital is one-third of our paid subscriber base, at present. We acknowledge that the journal is underpriced, and we’ve taken steps to address that through a combination of new rates and flexible packaging. This quarter, circulation revenues at the Journal grew 7%, an impressive rate of growth in this marketplace. Our ad revenues at the Journal showed strong sequential improvement in the fourth quarter, and early signs for the first quarter of the current year are particularly promising. This trend highlights the increasing importance of our marquee brand and a desirable demographic in a cluttered, confusing, and sometimes confounding advertising market. We launched WSJ+ this year, The Wall Street Journal’s customer loyalty program and it’s showing traction with nearly 200,000 active members, thus increasing engagement and lowering churn. We have incorporated similar programs across our markets in Australia and the UK. We announced new global print editions, a journal to grow our audience and advertising revenues internationally, as we focus on key financial hubs and using digital to extend our reach more efficiently in smaller markets. Our team at Dow Jones is continuing to innovate. Having just launched Mansion Global, a new website, which leverages our unique customer base to create a premier international and digital luxury real estate platform in English, Chinese, and Spanish. We saw improvement in the Professional Information business, including favorable trends in risk and compliance, where growth has been particularly strong as financial institutions and other companies adapt to tougher regulatory ratings, and we expect continued stability in fiscal 2016. We need to more aggressively push video and mobile products and expand the engagement with consumers throughout the day. We’re empowering video journalist with better tools and integrating the video team with the rest of the news group. We’re now implementing the new systems to better and more effectively monetize this valuable inventory. HarperCollins publishers has successfully integrated its acquisition of Harlequin, reducing costs, consolidating and opening international offices, and launching more than a dozen authors in multiple languages in countries. The company was able to take advantage for the unexpected surge in interest in American Sniper after the release of the eponymous film, as well as the ongoing popularity of the Divergent trilogy. Capping to fiscal year was the announcement of Go Set a Watchman, which sold a record number of copies in its first week and also boosted the sales of the legendary To Kill a Mockingbird. In Australia, Fox Sports has successfully monetized its first class rosters sports ride. It’s gaining advertising market share and benefiting from Foxtel’s new pricing and packaging strategy to drive subscriber growth. At Foxtel, we saw very strong improvement in cable and satellite subscribers. And we also expect the rollout of triple play and improved content offerings at Presto, its subscription video on demand product to be accretive to growth. Foxtel also announced plans to acquire approximately 58% stake in 10 network holdings, subject to regulatory approval. REA continued robust growth in revenue and EBITDA, despite some earlier softness investing volume. It is worth noting that early prospects of fiscal 2016 are encouraging. Growth, again, accelerated in the fourth quarter and we’re confident in the long-term trajectory as REA extends its footprint, expanded into adjacencies and drives premium penetrations. At News Australia, a particular note was the improved EBITDA in local currency this year. Thanks in part to measured increases in both cover price and subscription rates, innovative digital offerings, and the efforts by the sales team to stabilize advertising trends. Now, leadership team in Australia is continuing to develop our markets, which have powerful platforms for advertisers in print and in digital. They have launched new apps for our papers aroundcountry and continue the development of new.com.au, which is the country’s leading news website. News Corp Australia also launched sync, its own programmatic ad exchange, which we believe will have the most scale with the highest quality content in the marketplace. And we will continue to invest in products that play to that commercial opportunity. For example, the Australian launched the Australian business review and a premium benefits program to readers the Australian clients. In the UK, the times gained market share and revenues through innovative products and new pricing. One of the world’s oldest existing newspapers continues to show great strength in the digital age, thanks to high quality journalism and constant innovation. Advertising remains challenging for a number of our businesses, particularly, The Sun in the UK. We’re clearly taking steps to address this issue, including the new products to encourage engagement and to help drive higher traffic. We plan a deeper role for our programmatic ad exchange and increase monetization of video and mobile, which we believe are drivers of future growth. As it’s the case for all companies with extensive global operations, there has been a significant impact from currency fluctuations. And there will no doubt be more volatility in the macroeconomic environment in the current year. Our clear aim, currencies aside, is to pursue our core digital and global strategy, develop our businesses, and prudently cut costs to ensure that there is a long-term and meaningful return for our investors. In conclusion, News Corp has clearly evolved from our launch two years ago. We are the custodians of a proud tradition and we are also fashioning a profitable future in an era of profound change. We have had a strategy that is consistent with our message to investors at the time of our separation. We are more digital and more global. And we have begun to execute on our buyback program and announced a semiannual cash dividend of $.10 a share in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, but payment in the second quarter. The decision by the board to pay a dividend is a sign of confidence in the state of our business and faith in our prospects for the future. We plan to continue our strategy of balancing capital returns with prudent re-investments, so that we realize our goal of long-term growth and value creation. With stable revenues, EBITDA growth and robust free cash flow in fiscal 2015 we have real reason to be optimistic about the year ahead, building on our success for the benefit of all our customers, employees and shareholders. As always, we thank you for your support as we continue this journey together. Now, we turn to Bedi for the details of our fourth quarter earnings and some insights into fiscal 2016. Thank you.
Bedi Singh: Thank you, Robert. News Corp clearly made strong progress in our second full year. We further digitized our asset portfolio, streamlined costs and began to return capital to shareholders. We finished the quarter with strong EBITDA growth, and we believe we are well-positioned to build on that success in the year ahead. Just some key financial highlights of the year, and these included the seamless integration of the Move and Harlequin acquisitions, moderating EBITDA declines at our News and Information Services segments, including stabilization at the Dow Jones professional information business and growing consumer circulation revenues. Further penetration of our masthead digital subscriptions and improved pricing; continued advertising market share gains at Fox Sports, Australia; successful subscriber growth at Foxtel, due to its re-pricing and repackaging strategy and product offering expansion; and initiating a capital return program, including the declaration of a semiannual cash dividend and the conventional share repurchases. Turning to the financial results, for the full year we reported revenues of $8.6 billion, a 1% increase versus the prior year. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenue is 1% lower than the prior year. We reported full year total segment EBITDA of $852 million, which was 11% increase versus the prior year. Reported results included the costs related to the UK Newspaper Matters net of indemnification, which were $50 million for the year. Excluding all acquisitions and divestitures, costs related to UK Newspaper Matters and foreign exchange fluctuations, adjusted total segment EBITDA was up 15% versus the prior year. As Robert mentioned, we were impacted by currency headwinds throughout the year, primarily due to the weaker Australian dollar. Foreign currency fluctuations negatively impacted full year reported revenues by $319 million or 4%, and total reported segment EBITDA by $49 million or 6%. Fiscal 2015 reported EPS were a loss of $0.26, which includes an impairment charge in Amplify in Fiscal 2015, and restructuring costs. Excluding the impact of these and other items, our adjusted EPS was $0.47, compared to $0.46 last year. And free cash flow available to News Corp was $368 million, modestly higher than the prior year. Turning to the fourth quarter, the company reported total revenues of $2.14 billion, a 2% decrease versus the prior year period. And our adjusted revenues declined by 1%, similar to the full-year rate. Fiscal fourth quarter total segment EBITDA was $191 million, a 50% increase versus the prior year. Reported results includes $8 million related to the UK Newspaper Matters net of indemnification. Our adjusted total segment EBITDA this quarter grew by 62%. Adjusted EPS were $0.07, compared to $0.01 in the prior year. Currency headwind negatively impacted fourth quarter reported revenues by $168 million, or 8%, and total reported segment EBITDA by $23 million, or 19%. With that as a brief overview, let’s look at our fourth quarter performance for our key segment. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter declined $154 million, or 10% versus the prior year period. More than 17% of the revenue decline was related to foreign currency. Adjusted segment revenues declined 2%, an improvement from the prior quarter rate. Within segment revenues, advertising, which was 55% of segment revenues this quarter, declined around 13%, or 7% in local currency, a similar rate to both the quarter and the full year. At The Wall Street Journal, domestic advertising was slightly higher versus the prior year quarter, a notable sequential improvement, as we had expected. We saw improvement in technology, finance, and luxury goods categories. At News Corp Australia, advertising revenues for the quarter declined 33%, but only 8% in local currency as the market was a bit weaker in the prior two quarters. And we saw weakness in several categories, including retail, financial, and auto this quarter. At News UK, advertising revenue remained soft this quarter, relatively similar to last quarter and the year. We saw year-over-year declines across most segments, particularly retail, IT and telecom, utilities and automotive. But some remain the challenge, as they are continuing to look at additional ways to better monetize our digital offerings and broaden our advertiser base. At News America Marketing, revenues declined 9% versus the prior year quarter, due to continued weakness in freestanding inserts, partially offset by growth in in-store advertisements. Total circulation and subscription revenues, which accounted for 38% of segment revenues this quarter declined 5%, but was up 2% in local currency. Dow Jones professional information business had a negative $7 million impact to revenues this quarter, but was down only $3 million excluding foreign currency impact, a significant improvement from the prior quarter. We continue to see growth in consumer circulation revenues led again by The Wall Street Journal, which grew 7% this quarter, thanks to new pricing and packages. Segment EBITDA increased $38 million in the quarter, or 29% as compared to the prior year period, and adjusted segment EBITDA was up 34%. We benefited this quarter from a combination of increased operating efficiencies at Dow Jones and at News America Marketing, combined with higher prior year costs at News UK, which had included severance and the World Cup marketing. One item to note in the UK results, the quarter included $11 million one-time charge related to termination of a distribution contract as part of our ongoing cost reduction initiatives. Turning to the Book Publishing segment, revenues increased 8% and segment EBITDA was flat compared to the prior year. Adjusted revenues fell 9% versus the prior year and adjusted segment EBITDA fell 18%, primarily due to difficult year ago comparisons which had higher Divergent sales. Total digital revenues for the quarter was 23% of consumer revenues, down from 24% in the prior year, again, primarily due to the Divergent year ago comparison, which impacted total revenues by almost $23 million this quarter. In Digital Real Estate Services, total segment revenues increased $76 million, or 67%, and EBITDA declined $17 million, or 27% compared to the prior year periods, due to foreign currency and the inclusion of Move results. Excluding foreign currency fluctuations, REA’s adjusted revenue and adjusted EBITDA grew 15% and 18% respectively, an improvement from the prior quarter, driven by higher debt penetration, even though listing volumes for the market remained below prior year levels. That said, listing volume has improved in June and July. Reported segment results include $81 million in revenues and an EBITDA loss of $15 million from Move, which includes $5 million of stock-based compensation and $7 million in legal fees and litigation against Zillow. For the full-year, excluding stock-based comp and legal fees, Move was EBITDA net positive. On a standalone basis, Move’s revenue would have grown 32% versus the prior year quarter, which is an acceleration from the March quarter. The improvement was led by the CoBroke [ph] product and non-listing media revenues, benefiting from the successful integration into the Dow Jones problematic exchange and higher audience levels. In Cable Network Programming, revenue decreased by $3 million, or 2% compared to the prior year quarter. Subscription revenues fell 3%, benefiting from higher affiliate fees and increased subscribers, which was more than offset by foreign exchange headwinds. Advertising revenues were flat, but up slightly in local currency. Segment EBITDA in the quarter grew 16% despite higher cost and negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenue grew by 15%, and adjusted EBITDA by 37%. At Digital Education, revenues rose compared to the prior year quarter due in part to higher early grade print hybrid sales and segment EBITDA improved due to development costs reductions. As Robert mentioned, we are in the advanced stages of reviewing strategic alternatives for Amplify. The recent selling season for the new school year for our digital ELA curriculum overall has been disappointing and the marketplace for digital curriculum has been much slower to develop than we initially expected. Additionally, we are no longer accepting new tablet customers and will only be providing service and support through existing customers. We have reduced our long range outlook at Amplify, resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of $371 million this quarter. And we will keep you updated on further developments. With respect to earnings and affiliates, Foxtel ended the quarter with over $2.8 million total subscribers, up 9% versus the prior year, driven by cable and satellite subscribers. Churn improved to 9.9% from 12% in the prior year quarter. Foxtel revenues for the quarter in local currency were up 2% versus the prior year, and EBITDA declined 16%, due to higher sports programming costs related to the acquisition of V8 Supercars and Formula 1 rights, higher subscriber fees paid to Fox Sports Australia combined with higher support costs related to the new pricing and packaging strategy and triple-play. Subscriber growth remains strong with total subscribers around 230,000 year-over-year and growth of 94,000 in Q4. We will be including full Foxtel financials in our 10-K, which we expect to file shortly. Overall, while it’s towards the year of reinvestment, we expect Foxtel to return to EBITDA growth in fiscal 2016 in local currency. Turning to free cash flow. Free cash flow available to News Corporation in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, was $368 million, compared to $365 million in the prior year. It’s worth nothing that foreign currency had approximately $30 million negative impact to our available free cash flow in 2015. Turning now to a few themes for fiscal 2016. At News and Information Services, advertising remains volatile and visibility is limited. Ad spending in the U.S. is up versus the prior year, while trends of Australia and the UK remain soft. We hope to see more stability in the segment, driven by prior year cost initiatives, increased penetration of digital subscribers, and continued stabilization of the Dow Jones professional information business. At Book Publishing, we are very excited about our pipeline for fiscal 2016, which was highlighted by the release in July of Harper Lee’s, Go Set a Watchman, including as Robert noted, the Spanish rights for Watchman. However, unlike Divergent, Watchman was skewed heavily towards for physical books. And given the higher marketing costs and author advance it will result in more modest profitability. Regarding Harlequin, we remain on track with our cost synergy targets of $20 million and expect the bulk of the savings to be realized in fiscal 2016. At Move, we are very pleased with the progress at realtor.com. While there’s still work to be done and we expect to reinvest in marketing and in product development in fiscal 2016 to further drive market share, we expect Move to be modestly accretive to reported segment EBITDA in fiscal 2016 and expect to further ramp in fiscal 2017, driven by strong audience gains, lead volumes and improved ad inventory monetization. REA Group as mentioned on the earnings call yesterday, listing volume has improved in June and we expect another year of solid growth. At Cable Network, we expect continued solid performance in local currency, driven by subscriber revenue growth. In the first-half of fiscal 2016, programming costs are expected to be higher though due to the inclusion of the Rugby World Cup in September and October. And for the first quarter of fiscal 2016, given the current spot rate for the Australian dollar, we would expect currency headwinds relatively similar to fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Last year, the Australian dollar rate was $0.93 for the first quarter, roughly $0.20 million higher than the current rate. To help frame the currency impact, our 10-K will be disclosing that the impact of a one-side change in the U.S. dollar versus the Australian dollar impacted fiscal 2015 annual revenues by approximately $31 million and total segment EBITDA by approximately $6 million. CapEx for fiscal 2015 was approximately $380 million, which was in line with our expectations. And we expect CapEx to be at a reduced level for fiscal 2016. And lastly on capital returns, in August 2015, the company declared a semiannual cash dividend of $0.10 per share for Class A common stock and Class B common stock. This dividend is payable on October 21, 2015 with a record date for determining dividend entitlements of September 16, 2015. To date, we’ve repurchased about $3 million shares for $45 million, and have approximately $455 million remaining under our share purchase authorization. And we continue to view share repurchases as opportunistic. So in summary, fiscal 2015 was a very busy year for News Corp as we balanced ongoing operational efficiencies with prudent investments and strategic acquisitions to expand our global footprint and digital offerings. We initiated a capital return program and we are in the advanced stages of reviewing our strategic alternatives at Amplify. Overall, we ended the year with stable revenues, EBITDA growth and significant free cash flow. And we expect that to continue next year. With that, let me turn back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis: Hi, thank you. Can you give us a little bit color on Amplify? I assume to some extent you’re reviewing Amplify’s Access products at the same time as the rest of the business. So, can you help us think about a timeline? How much is the savings from Access? And are you further scaling back investments in the remaining digital business for 2016? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: John, it’s Robert here. First of all, I would like to say that the Amplify team has obviously done much innovative work and it is a very able team. But you can take from our messaging today that we are in the final phase of negotiation with a potential acquirer, and we’re in an advanced stage of negotiation. And we have done a fair amount of institutional introspection, and the role that Amplify will play at News Corp is really different, apart from me saying that, that’s inappropriate at this stage to go further.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Certainly, that question comes from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski: Good morning. My question is around realtor.com, and obviously, goods creating traffic that you see in there. Just in terms of the growth, what are the key drivers? Is the marketing which you spent within the business or are you benefiting from the Zillow-Trulia merger that’s taking place at the moment? And just - or that last point is, given that Zillow is moving to a new pricing structure in this quarter, do you expect to benefit from that as well?
Robert Thomson: We prefer to focus on what we’re doing rather than the complexity of the consolidation of Zillow and Trulia. What we particularly noticed is that, really what we expected to be the case, not in a cocky way, but in a confident way that the powerful platforms that News Corporation has would enable us to judge traffic. What’s particularly gratifying apart from the great work that Ryan O’Hara and the team are doing at realtor is that the audience growth rate is continuing to increase. And so, if you look at our mobile audience, which is clearly key in the contemporary environment, in June that was up 79% year-on-year; so quarter-after-quarter, month-after-month, we are seeing increases in both audience and revenue. And we’re very optimistic about the future.
Michael Florin: Thanks. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: And that question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. My question is just on your commentary on The Wall Street Journal advertising trend. I think you mentioned that, they’ve improved particularly coming into July. Can you talk about, I guess, how much of that do you think is sort of general industry trends versus some your internal efforts at The Journal? And, I guess, any specifics or any color on that front would be great. Thank you.
Robert Thomson: Well, it’s certainly true that the trend has improved with The Journal. We started to see some improvements in Q4. What’s particularly notable is tech advertising, which of itself tells you that, that those working in the digital world see the value of print as a platform, as well as the complementary of The Journal’s print and digital products.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. That will come from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz: Thank you. I just wanted to quickly close the loop on Amplify. Just for my learning purposes, is it fair to assume at this stage that somewhere in the range of $75 million to $100 million of expenses fall of the books now? And then, secondly on Move, you mentioned some profitably this year and more ahead. Can you just give us a little more detail in the magnitude and cadence of the ramp? Thank you.
Bedi Singh: I’ll take the one on Amplify. I mean, clearly, look, as Robert said, we are in advanced stages of the strategic alternative process. We’ve also previously said that we expect and Robert said that quite clearly, a meaningful reduction in sort of cash expenditures. But beyond that, we’re not giving our numbers. It clearly would also depend on where we end up at the end of the strategic alternative process.
Robert Thomson: As far with revenue with realtor, and look at the little videos to make medium-term forecast. Frankly, specifically, given the current growth rate - that we identified in both traffic and revenue, in the fourth quarter revenue was up 32%. What was particularly gratifying and particularly distinct for the long-term performance of the company is that the areas that we focused on which is CoBroke and media advertising, which had not been a priority in the past are both growing at a higher rate than that 32%.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: And, moving on to Bill Bird with FBR.
William Bird: Hey, good evening. What’s your perspective on realizing the full value of some your other assets like The Wall Street Journal, particularly given the recent sale of the FT for a very high multiple?
Robert Thomson: Well, I think, we’ve always had great faith in the value of The Wall Street Journal. But, look, I’ll let you do the math there. If the Financial Times is worth what the Nikkei Group paid, and The Wall Street Journal is a far larger, far more successful, far more profitable masthead, what’s The Wall Street Journal worth.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: And that question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes, I have a two part question, please. For the UK advertising, what was the percent change down in the quarter year-over-year with or without currency? And also just want to better understand, with the roughly $2 billion in net cash in the balance sheet, should investors most likely assume we’ll be using that for acquisitions going forward. And then, that your free cash flow, much of that or part of that would go to capital returns? Thank you.
Bedi Singh: Hey, Craig. So in terms of the UK, I think - you should think about it within the context of sort of double-digit declines on advertising in local currency. I mean, we haven’t given out the specific percentage, but that’s what will feel consistent throughout the year, in the quarter, and we’re kind of seeing that continuing into the new fiscal year. And, with respect to sort of a cash balance and then the sort of annual cash flow, I think we said in the past that the way to think about cap returns within the context of our annual cash flow, and really the money that’s on the balance sheet is for internal investments, acquisitions and other opportunistic things that we would want to do.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you, sir. That comes from Doug Arthur with Huber Research Partners.
Douglas Middleton Arthur: Bedi, can you just review the programming sports right costs trends that you sort of see flowing. In fiscal 2016, you mentioned, so I thought it was the Rugby World Cup you mentioned - is there anything out there that could impact the year? Thanks.
Bedi Singh: For the year, in the first-half, they’ll be playing the Rugby World Cup in September, October. So that’s something different from what happened in fiscal 2015. Other than that, there is nothing else that’s significant in terms of sports rights costs that’s going to affect fiscal 2016.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: And next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for your time. Can you please provide some more color on how you are able to work the cost base so hard in the news and information division in the fourth quarter?
Bedi Singh: Well, I think if you look at the fourth quarter, we benefitted from two or three things. The first one was we’ve been restructuring as you’ve seen over the years, and so - the benefits of those restructurings have now started to flow through. So that was one piece of it. The other one was, in the UK last year we had mentioned that there was higher marketing expenses so there was a lapping improvement in the quarter with those two things. And I think, generally, if you look at our sort of headcount across the businesses, that’s been coming down and that benefit has also flowed through.
Robert Thomson: If I could just supplement Bedi’s answer, when we spun the company off two years ago, we made clear that the extra focus and the shared benefits of that focus would - we expected reduced costs in our news division. So we are reducing duplication of technological platforms. We are reducing duplication of software investment and this is at time, of course, when you need a fair amount of software investment to remain contemporary and to take advantage of emerging platforms. But that extra focus has enabled our very able teams to do that without increasing the cost base in a way that bruises the business.
Michael Florin: Right. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. I have a follow-up question, please. Can you just quickly review for us some, the opportunity to run realtor.com better than it was run before you bought it, please? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: It’s clear that the new team at realtor.com has made a significant impact. We look it as just the start, but the early returns are certainly auspicious. We are continuing to work on driving traffic. We’re continuing to work on driving revenue. And what is fair to say is that the returns thus far have exceeded our expectations, but also given as confidence in the future that realtor.com will become an important pillar of profitability for News Corp.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: And that question comes from Alice Bennett with CBA.
Alice Bennett: Hi, good morning. Just a clarifying question, I think for both Foxtel and for Move, you mentioned potentially being EBITDA breakeven in FY 2016. I just wanted to clarify, are you talking sort of run rate at the back end of the year or across the full-year talking EBITDA breakeven for those businesses?
Bedi Singh: Generally, we’re not giving a sort of quarterly breakout. But, I would say, for Move, we are going to be EBITDA positive for the full-year. And Foxtel is going to see the improvement in its EBITDA growth compared to fiscal 2015.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Bill Bird with FBR.
William Bird: I was wondering and just back to Digital Real Estate, do you see a pathway to number one in U.S. Digital Real Estate like REA in Australia, just given the competitive dynamics and disruption at Zillow and Trulia? Thank you.
Robert Thomson: We certainly see a pathway. At the moment realtor.com is the fastest growing of the sites. As you know, it’s moved from three to two, it was a year-ago, the slowest growing of the three sites. So the market is already being transformed. Secondly, the broader characteristics of U.S. real estate market are themselves auspicious. You’re seeing from last year where there were about 5 million units in volume in property turnover in the states. That rate, the annual rate now is close to 5.5 million. You will have noticed the National Association of Realtors, our partner at realtor.com released some research earlier this week that in Q2, the vast majority of U.S. cities are seeing increases in property prices. So it’s no longer just a lead markets of New York and San Francisco, LA and bits of Miami, it’s a broader secular change in the property market itself, which indeed helps realtor.com.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: And next questions is from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski: Just follow-up for me around Fox Sports Australia, particularly, given that the deal was announced earlier this week around the purchase of the NRL rights, non-network. How do you see that positioning Fox Sports and the sort of uplift that we saw in the pricing, do you think that would be indicative for the next time you have to bid for those rights?
Robert Thomson: Entcho, as you well know, football rights are a context for themselves, and the match for NRL rights is probably at around half time and far from over. Really, all I can say more about football rights is that I personally an AFL tragic, for those needing translation that’s Australia Rules aficionado. And the specific outcome that I want to see is this Saturday and that would be an Essendon victory.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis: Yes. Just one clarification, since it sounds like Amplify is for sale, does that mean, it goes into disc ops, or would that not happen until a formal announcement?
Bedi Singh: John, I mean it’s - all we can say is, we’re looking at alternatives and it depends on where we end up at the end of that process.
Michael Florin: Operator, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: That does conclude the question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn the conference back over to Mr. Florin, for any additional or closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Great. Well, thank you all for participating and we’ll talk to you soon. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s conference call. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-05-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert J. Thomson - Chief Executive Officer and Director Bedi Ajay Singh - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Craig A. Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christian Guerra - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Han - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Douglas M. Arthur - Huber Research Partners, LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded and media is allowed to attend in a listen-only function. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended March 31, 2015, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that, I will pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert J. Thomson: Thank you, Mike. News Corp is well set on its trajectory for digital and global growth. While we faced headwinds this quarter with particularly blustery currency conditions, we remain on course for the goals articulated when the new News was christened almost 2 years ago. The company has remained true to its proud traditions and now has a firm foundation for the future. In the third quarter of fiscal year 2015, revenues were $2.1 billion and EBITDA was $163 million. Excluding currency fluctuations during this volatile period and certain other costs, our adjusted EBITDA was relatively stable. Bedi will provide greater granularity, but there are a few developments worthy of accentuation. The integration of Move, Inc., acquired late last year, is ahead of schedule, with traffic on realtor.com accelerating at a record rate and healthy revenue growth and robust lead volume for realtors. Mortgage lending trends are heartening for the long-term health of the U.S. housing market. HarperCollins performed impressively thanks to a strong backlist and the addition of Harlequin's powerful international and digital distribution network. Fox Sports Australia revenues expanded in local currency thanks in part to the country's success in the Asian Cup Football Tournament and Cricket World Cup, which drove audiences, advertising and a certain amount of adulation. Foxtel's necessary investment in long-term growth also produced an immediate increase in subscriptions, while churn remained at record low levels, indicating the inherent price elasticity in the offering. These returns highlight why Foxtel is such an integral part of News Corp's future. At the same time, being a global company, we are subject to international trends, with foreign exchange variations negatively affecting revenue by around 6% and EBITDA by 7%. And regional variations in advertising currents, particularly in the U.S., resulted in ad sales at The Wall Street Journal below expectations and prior year. We did, however, see an improvement in April though the marketplace remains volatile and short term in orientation. We have been candid from day 1 about print advertising trends globally, and we continue to innovate to deliver a suite of leading products that extend readership across multiple platforms and expand engagement throughout the day. In so doing, our print mastheads are becoming stronger branded assets in the digital age, and our audience relationship is itself a platform which we can leverage to benefit our real estate and other digital ventures. And REA Group, part of our Digital Real Estate segment, had a lower rate of revenue growth than in the first half magnified by certain seasonal factors, 2 of which will obviously not be a factor in the fourth quarter: elections in 2 Australian states and a relatively early Easter. More broadly, with continued expansion of digital applications and associated revenues in our newspapers, we expect a more positive final quarter, and improved EBITDA versus the prior year. Bedi will elaborate expertly on that thing shortly. In the meantime, I would like to emphasize the efficacy of our 2 major acquisitions as the new News, Harlequin and Move, better known to many as realtor.com. Each has complemented existing strengths and extended our expertise. Our profile and prowess as a book publisher in print and in digital have grown globally, allowing us to better leverage successful books at higher margins. And today, we are a global leader in real estate, with an influential presence on 4 continents including an expanded investment in India where we are linking a recently acquired personal finance site, BigDecisions, our news flow and our large minority stake in PropTiger to build a coherent, integrated identity in a country that is growing at a significant clip. Let me begin with Move, which has given us for the first time a full quarter of performance in Q3. Revenues accelerated on a standalone basis in the third quarter, and we have seen real growth in the core business, realtor.com, which was up 34% in unique users in the quarter year-over-year. That growth has accelerated further in April, up another record 38% with 44 million monthly unique users. Importantly, consumer engagement, including page views, is improving markedly, and lead volume this quarter continues to outpace usage growth. One early success, and we are clearly early in the site's evolution, is the enhancement of the News and Advice section. Traffic to this feature, now powered by property news from around News Corp, was up 600% in March compared to the same month last year. There is, of course, much toil ahead, but notably, mobile hit an impressive 71% unique user growth versus the prior year. Users of our mobile app are consuming about 16 pages per visit and that does not include photo galleries. So you can get a sense of the deep engagement, allowing us to harvest permissions, precious data, which can then be further leveraged. According to third-party measurements, realtor.com surpassed Trulia in fiscal third quarter to become the second most popular real estate web site in America, and it became the fastest-growing of the leading sites. Overall, both March and April were record-breaking months in terms of traffic, and we expect to continue to drive and deepen engagement and monetization over the coming year. There is no doubt that realtor.com's audience growth is benefiting from News Corp's content and contacts. Our relationships with New York realtors fashioned during the launch of Mansion at The Wall Street Journal have played an important role in building out realtor.com's fast-growing presence in the city. And the new sensibility that is inherent in the character of News Corp has allowed us to generate a stream of stories and alerts far more informative than the drivel and dross masquerading as news on many listing sites. The News Corp links mean more revenue, too, because we have integrated realtor.com into our global programmatic ad exchange, and we expect that to be a catalyst for CPM improvement. You will certainly be hearing more about realtor.com in the coming weeks. We will be launching a fresh marketing campaign for the company, highlighting our crucial links to the industry, but also stressing the real value and real results that come from realtor in real time. We also believe the integration and other challenges being experienced by Zillow open the door even wider for realtor.com as a healthy and recharged competitor, particularly since realtor.com has strengthened its standing as the most accurate, up-to-date source of real estate listings in the country. One modest launch worth mentioning is the unveiling last week of Mansion Global, a global luxury real estate site operated by Dow Jones. It will feature original content as well as news and information from our publications and websites around the world and has English, Spanish and Chinese language editions, reflecting the reality that property is an international asset class whose importance is burgeoning. Harlequin. Harlequin continues to fulfill its promise of helping HarperCollins grow its global footprint, with the most recent step forward being the establishment of foreign language offices in the Netherlands, Japan, the Nordic region and Poland to add to the previously announced rebranding in Germany and Iberia this quarter, all building on the impressive Harlequin infrastructure. We also have, as predicted, expanded our international language offerings, including the announcement last month that we'd be publishing 5 authors in 15 languages, including the prolific and popular Daniel Silva. And for the first time, we announced the signing of an author for publication in both English and a dozen international languages, the best-selling novelist Karin Slaughter. Meanwhile, we have a fresh contract with the gifted Veronica Roth, author of one of the most successful series in recent years, the Divergent Trilogy. And there is much anticipation for the release of the monumental Go Set a Watchman, To Kill a Mockingbird's prequel/sequel by Harper Lee. Having read the manuscript, I can say that I expect it to have a profound impact. So order early. HarperCollins is also publishing the title in Spanish, a feat that would've been beyond us without Harlequin. Overall, we saw revenue growth of 14% in Book Publishing and EBITDA growth of 6%. Keep in mind that this growth came despite the obviously difficult Divergent comps, which we referenced at the last call. The latest Divergent film was a catalyst for further sales in Q3 when 2.3 million books were sold, while American Sniper had a strong quarter with 2.7 million books purchased. Speaking of which, American Wife by Taya Kyle, the widow of American Sniper author, Chris Kyle, has been released this week. As for Amazon, HarperCollins has reached agreement on extended terms meaning that there will be no disruption to the distribution of our works, digitally and traditionally. At News and Information Services, we are pleased with the improvement in the professional information business at Dow Jones as we focus on product enhancement and customers. We've seen favorable trends in both risk and compliance and Factiva and expect that the company will benefit from the direct linking of professional products to The Wall Street Journal itself. More on that project in coming months. At The Journal, despite a tough national ad marketplace, we saw an increase in circulation revenues thanks in part to Make Time, the first brand campaign in 4 years. WSJ+ also continues to have traction with less churn and a disciplined approach to pricing. In other words, no deleterious discounting. WSJ digital-only subs are now over 700,000 and that total should be bolstered given that we have just unveiled a more contemporary WSJ.com. Early results from that relaunch show a significant improvement in engagement, including page views, unique visitors and video plays. At News UK, the team did a fine job of reducing costs and strategically raising both the cover price of The Sun on Saturday and Sunday and subscription pricing at The Times in a measured manner. The Times continues to grow volume and notably outperformed the market both in terms of ad market share and in circulation. In March, we announced the total subscriptions at The Times and Sunday Times broke through the 400,000 mark, including 171,000 digital-only. At The Sun, while advertising revenues were soft, having just visited the team there last week, I know they are focused on diversifying the advertiser client base and on reinvesting in a new and improved website. At News Corp Australia, advertising was reasonably stable and thanks to improved pricing, circulation revenues in the local currency accelerated. We're continuing to grow our paid digital subscribers at the mastheads, led by The Australian, where digital subs now account for 40% of its overall weekday volume. At Foxtel, as referenced earlier, churn was a record low of less than 11%, and new subscriber volume is significantly higher and spin down to cheaper offerings has been lower than forecast as we build out the audience. As has been highlighted in the past, we are determined to increase our market penetration in Australia beyond the high 20s percentage points, and the early signs are indeed promising. At Amplify, we continue to concentrate on scalability and profitability, counting on a strong sales network to make progress in this selling season, armed with a world-class digital curriculum. Let me be clear on this point. A review of progress thus far indicates that investment spend will be significantly reduced next fiscal year. In conclusion, while Q3 had its challenges, we expect to finish fiscal 2015 with a stronger quarter and year-over-year growth in EBITDA. Our strategic trajectory is very much on track, and we are confident that all shareholders will benefit as we build on the base fortified over the past 2 years. With that, we turn to Bedi Singh, our CFO, for a more textured exposition on our accounts.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thank you, Robert. First, I'd like to share with you some high-level financial highlights and then we'll discuss each segment in further detail. We reported fiscal '15 third quarter total revenues of $2.1 billion, almost flat with the prior year period. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenue declined 2% compared to the prior year. On EBITDA, we reported total segment EBITDA of $163 million compared to the prior year period of $175 million. This quarter includes $15 million of costs related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, net of indemnification. Excluding those costs plus the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency fluctuation, our adjusted total segment EBITDA was relatively flat with the prior year. While we reported a decline in segment EBITDA this quarter, this was mainly driven by currency headwinds; onetime or nonrecurring items, including an acceleration of stock-based comp at Move; and additional legal costs at News America. We do not believe these results are reflective of any run rate and expect to see an improvement in the fourth quarter, which I'll discuss shortly. And just as a reminder, for the first 9 months ended March 31, our reported and adjusted EBITDA increased 3% and 6%, respectively. As Robert noted, we were impacted by currency headwinds, primarily the weaker Australian dollar, which negatively impacted Q3 total reported revenues by $119 million or 6% and total reported segment EBITDA by $13 million or 7%. Adjusted EPS were $0.05 versus $0.11 in the prior year, and this year's results include a higher effective tax rate, lower equity earnings and lower interest income. Now let's turn to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter declined $135 million or 9% versus the prior year period. Approximately 60% of the revenue decline was related to currency. Adjusted segment revenues declined 3%. Within segment revenues, advertising, which was 54% of segment revenues this quarter, declined around 12% or 7% in local currency, which is relatively similar to last quarter. Looking at performance across our key units. At News Corp Australia, advertising revenues for the quarter declined around 16%. However, the decline was only 4% in local currency, relatively stable versus the prior quarter, helped by further market share gains in print and higher digital advertising sales. We saw continued improvement in yields, which was offset by weakness in a few categories including retail. National spending including tourism and energy were flat this quarter. At The Wall Street Journal, advertising declined around 11% versus the prior year. We saw weakness in print advertising across the board, in telecom and to a lesser extent, in finance. That said, while the market remains volatile, we expect a sequential improvement in the fourth quarter driven by digital. At News UK, advertising revenues remained soft this quarter, declining around 18% or 11% in local currency, but did show sequential improvement on a local currency basis. We were impacted by weakness in a few categories, including telecom, automotive and retail. As Robert noted, The Times performed well with ad revenues and local currency down only slightly, while The Sun remained soft this quarter. At News America Marketing, revenue declined 7% versus the prior year quarter due to continued weakness in freestanding inserts and a decline in sales of in-store products this quarter. This was related to consumer packaged goods spending, which was impacted by lower commodity prices, timing of product launches and a very tough year-ago comp, which was up more than 20%. Total circulation and subscription revenues, which accounted for 39% of segment revenues this quarter, declined 6% and were relatively flat in local currency. Dow Jones professional information business had a negative $11 million impact to revenues this quarter or $6 million excluding foreign currencies, an improvement from the sequential prior quarter. We remain encouraged by the underlying trends and the pipeline. We again saw growth in consumer circulation revenues in local currency led by improvement at The Wall Street Journal, which rose nearly 7% and at News Australia, which rose around 4%, largely driven by cover and subscription price increases. Segment EBITDA decreased $33 million in the quarter or 23% as compared to the prior year period, and adjusted segment EBITDA was down 21%. Included in segment EBITDA was an $8 million negative impact related to higher legal expenses at News America Marketing for the ongoing litigations. And to date, in fiscal 2015, litigation expenses at News America Marketing have totaled around $24 million. This quarter also included roughly $5 million of additional marketing spend at Dow Jones for its currently running Make Time campaign. Total segment cost continued to decline due to the benefits of past restructurings and lower printing and distribution costs. News Corp Australia continues to benefit from cost savings and relatively stable revenues in local currency. Turning now to the Book Publishing segment. Revenues improved 14% and segment EBITDA grew 6% versus the prior year quarter. Excluding the results from the Harlequin acquisition, which closed on August 1, and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues fell 5% versus the prior year and adjusted segment EBITDA declined 8% due to very tough comparisons from the Divergent series in the prior year period. While the Divergent series continued to sell well, this quarter totaling approximately 2.3 million net units, as expected, this was lower than the 8.5 million net units sold in the prior year period, creating a $44 million revenue challenge. Despite that challenge, the core HarperCollins business performed well thanks to the strength of its backlist, most notably Chris Kyle's American Sniper, which sold 2.7 million net units this quarter. Other notable titles included Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird, Amy Poehler's Yes Please, as well as continued demand for Sarah Young's Jesus Calling series in Christian publishing. Total e-book sales for the quarter declined 3% and accounted for 22% of consumer revenues due to the Divergent year-ago comp combined with strong demand in nonfiction this quarter, which historically has had a lower conversion to e-books, which was partially offset by the inclusion of Harlequin. Regarding Harlequin, HarperCollins announced the rebranding of additional foreign language offices in the Netherlands, Japan, Nordic and Poland to add to the previously announced rebranding in Germany and Iberia this quarter. We remain on track with our cost synergy target of $20 million, most of which should be realized in our next fiscal year. In Cable Network Programming, revenues improved by $3 million or 3% compared to the prior year quarter. Subscription revenues grew 1%, benefiting from higher affiliate fees and increased subscribers. Advertising revenues rose 13%, driven by viewership gains from major events, such as the Cricket World Cup and the Asian Cup, which we didn't have in the prior year period. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was flat despite higher cost and negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues and EBITDA both increased by 15%. In Digital Real Estate Services, total segment revenues increased $68 million or 67% and EBITDA declined 21% compared to the prior year period due to foreign currency and the inclusion of Move results. Excluding foreign currency fluctuations, REA's adjusted revenue and adjusted EBITDA grew 9% and 7%, respectively, as higher depth penetration and pricing was partially offset by lower-listing volume across the Australian market, most notably in March impacted, as Robert said, by the earlier Easter break and elections in 2 states. Please also note that the reported numbers vary from REA's reported numbers due to foreign currency translation as well as differences between Australian IFRS and U.S. GAAP. REA will be issuing their 9 months results under Australian IFRS and in Australian dollars shortly after this call. Reported segment results also include $73 million in revenues and an EBITDA loss of $9 million from Move. Move's EBITDA loss includes $11 million of stock-based compensation expense related to awards assumed in the acquisition, including acceleration of stock-based compensation resulting from the departures of senior executives. Excluding Move's stock-based comp, EBITDA would have been a positive $3 million this quarter. On a standalone basis, Move's revenue would've grown over 25% versus the prior year quarter led by Connection for Co-Brokerage [ph] product, which grew 130% versus the prior year. As Robert noted, audience growth at realtor.com continues to accelerate. Average monthly unique users in the third quarter were 39 million, growing 34% versus the prior year including record traffic in April of 44 million unique users. Mobile continues to drive realtor.com traffic growth, up over 71% year-over-year in the quarter. We're very pleased with the product development at realtor.com, which has broadly been in line, if not ahead, of our expectations and are now starting to dial up brand marketing to drive further market share gains. At Digital Education, revenues were flat with the prior year quarter and segment EBITDA improved $24 million to a loss of $21 million. About $12 million of that improvement was due to the capitalization of software development costs related to our digital ELA learning product with the balance from lower operating expenses. With respect to earnings from affiliates, Foxtel ended the quarter with around 2.8 million total subscribers, up 7% versus the prior year driven by cable satellite subscribers. Churn declined to a record low of 10.9% from 13.1% in the prior year quarter. Foxtel revenues for the quarter in local currency were up 1% versus the prior year and EBITDA declined mid-teens due to higher sports programming costs related to the acquisition of V8 Supercars and Formula 1 rights, higher fees paid to Fox Sports Australia combined with higher investment in marketing and customer service related to the new pricing and packaging offerings. Foxtel also incurred additional cost for triple play and Presto, Foxtel's SVOD product. However, these planned investments position Foxtel for sustainable growth, and we believe the results are very encouraging. Subscriber growth remains strong, with total subscribers up 182,000 year-over-year with growth of 85,000 in Q3. Year-to-date, new customer sales are up more than 50% [ph] over the prior period and spin-down volume remains below our expectations. Turning now to free cash flow. News Corp's cash flow from operations for the 9 months was $702 million compared to $803 million in the prior year, and free cash flow available to News Corp was $391 million compared to $496 million in the prior year. This decline was primarily due to the absence of net receipts related to the foreign tax refund of $73 million received last year, coupled with approximately $45 million of higher deferred compensation payments related to the acquisition of Wireless Generation. To note, foreign currency had a $15 million negative impact to year-to-date available free cash flow. The vast majority of our $2 billion cash on hand at the quarter end is in U.S. dollars. Let me turn briefly to our current fiscal fourth quarter. While currency is likely to remain a headwind in the short term, we expect to see year-over-year EBITDA improvement in the fourth quarter including, at News and Information Services, we expect to benefit from lower costs at News UK, which last year included severance costs, higher promotional spending around the World Cup and the London relocation. At Dow Jones, we anticipate a sequential improvement in advertising combined with ongoing operating efficiencies. At Book Publishing, the year-ago comp related to Divergent should ease significantly and should benefit from the Harlequin acquisition. Cable Network should benefit from higher subs, partially offset by modestly higher acquisition costs. And at Amplify, we expect to see continued operating expense declines in addition to the amounts capitalized. So in summary, we remain focused on driving long-term growth and believe News Corp is on the right track. While the ad market has been uneven and currency a clear headwind, we believe the steps we've taken and we're taking, both in reinvestments and operating efficiencies, are positioning the company for long-term growth. And with that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question is just around Digital Real Estate Services, and you obviously mentioned that there was a slowdown in the March quarter within the REA Group. Are you able to give us an indication of what the trends were in the first 2 months if there was that sort of slowdown? Just looking to, I guess, extrapolate into the fourth quarter and what sort of price rates [ph] we can expect.
Robert J. Thomson: Entcho, look, I think the best thing to do quite honestly for more granularity on REA is to talk to the REA executive team. What I can say is really that it was an unusual quarter given the uncertainty that is inevitably created by elections. As you well know, there was one in New South Wales and in Queensland. And the relatively early Easter meant that there was a slowdown in listings and it's a, quite frankly, a very listing-dependent business, but we have a lot of confidence in REA's prospects.
Operator: We go next to John Janedis with Jefferies LLC.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Can you give us an update on your return on capital plan? And to what extent the investment you're making in Amplify impacts the plan or the timing of when you share it?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, John. So look, I think as we've said before when questions have come up on capital returns that our first priority is to remain focused on stabilizing the business, making sure that we're reinvesting smartly and also to look at acquisitions and you've seen the kinds of acquisitions we've done. I mean, having said that, we obviously focus on delivering shareholder value and per share growth. And when we came out of the gate a couple of years back, we did say that the company would expect to pay a dividend. And as you know, we still have our $500 million buyback authorization in place. And I think we can say that look, 2 years are almost coming to an end and we have said, and Robert has said that as well, that this is the time when we are going to be having, and indeed we are having, intensive discussions on our capital return policy. I think, look, the way we're kind of thinking about it, I would say, is that whatever we do, I think, would be reasonable and should be something that's sustainable. And as our business grows and our cash flow grows, we'd expect that to be growing. So I think that's kind of the way I'd frame it.
Robert J. Thomson: Just to supplement Bedi's observations, as he made clear, there are a couple of conditions that will very much inform what we do: continuity, consistency and sustainability.
Operator: We go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Earlier when you mentioned -- you said the investment spend in Amplify will be significantly reduced in fiscal '16, I guess any further color on sort of the magnitude of that reduction? And then just to follow up on News America, how we should think about the News America business longer term?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, what I said is what I said, which is there would be a significant reduction in investment, but then let me be very clear that, that's not in any way to suggest that we are reducing our commitment to education. What we have in Amplify is world-class digital curriculum. What we're seeing now out in the field is a great deal of acceptance in classrooms, in school districts, in states, and we're very pleased by that. And so -- but there's a natural moment in the investment cycle in any new business where you do get variation and the variation that's upcoming is that which I indicated to you. We are very much on a path to profitability, but we are very much committed to improving education, improving the quality of the curriculum, the service to students and to the profitability principle.
Michael Florin: And on NAM?
Robert J. Thomson: And on News America Marketing, we see it as a very important part of News Corp. What we've noticed, for example, with realtor.com is significant amount of cooperation between the 2 companies. So I won't go into too much detail now. That would be premature. But there are, clearly, things that can be done in a way that enhance and leverage the competence and skills of both companies. And what we've seen, as you no doubt know, is a fair amount of competition in the FSI business. We're looking at costs there, as one must. But longer term, we're very confident about not only the traditional businesses at NAM, but the digital opportunities and the opportunities that exist to further extend the expertise that NAM has into other parts of News Corp.
Operator: We go next to Bill Bird with FBR.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: You touched on better trends in April, The Wall Street Journal. I was just wondering if you could speak to just your overall, I guess, outlook on print advertising over coming months.
Robert J. Thomson: Look, it's always perilous to prognosticate too much. But I think what we were trying to indicate was that the currents of the last quarter, Q3, was not a harbinger of worst to come in the current quarter. But when you look at the advertising market, there's no doubt that there are short-term trends in place. We have seen, for example, a recovery in telco advertising or also an increase in device-related advertising with new products like the Samsung Galaxy 6. But more generally, there are shifts in the advertising market that I think longer term, we're confident will play out to our strengths. In particular, if you look where large companies are spending at least some of their money, there are too many meaningless placements on frivolous sites. And in the end, we're very confident about our mastheads. We're very confident about the power of print. We're also very confident about the halo effect of a masthead in digital formats. And in the end, advertisers will return to quality, which is why our advertising teams around the world, in the U.S., U.K. and Australia, are reaching out to clients to articulate the virtues of our platform relative to something that's cyber superficial.
Operator: We go next to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig A. Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC: Yes, I want to focus on the cost within your -- on newspaper division. Can you give us a sense, please, how much the costs were down adjusting for foreign currency in Australia, the U.K. papers and then separately, The Wall Street Journal? I just want to get a sense there, please.
Bedi Ajay Singh: I mean, we don't actually break out sort of the cost by each of those individual units. But what I can tell you overall is that we've had meaningful declines, excluding legal expense, the onetime legal cost that I mentioned, across most of our operating units. Some of that is because of past restructurings that we've done, and I think some of that is because we've had, for example, better pricing on news print and we basically looked at backroom operations. There's been a lot of cost reduction, I would say, across all of the units. This is by no means to say we're done, and we're continually evaluating the cost base. But again, we want to be careful that we're not cutting into kind of our key competitive strengths on the content side.
Robert J. Thomson: Just to complement Bedi's answer, I think one of the things we emphasized at the time of the formation of the new News 2 years ago was that the extra focus would allow us to make comparisons between our businesses and see where there were costs and also to be very incisive about, for example, one area which in a digital age is going to be expensive, our technology investment. And what we're seeing is that the close relationships between our newspaper groups around the world are allowing us to see where there are areas where we can make cuts. But as Bedi emphasized, we will always invest in quality and we have tremendous faith in our newspapers, both in print and in digital.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I think it's been about 1.5 years since you guys shared with us the investments that you made in the exclusive soccer rights in the U.K. I'm curious if you can give us an update on how that's impacted the business, whether it's had the impact on the business that you hoped it would and also how much longer you have those rights for and whether that's something that you would look to continue at the current terms given that impact.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, what we have at The Sun is around 200,000 digital subscribers. We've also seen an increase in ARPU at The Sun with our digital subscriptions, and it has created both affinity and intensity that is of value to us, not just for circulation revenue but also for advertising revenue. We have those rights for another 12 months beyond the -- this Premier League season. As with any rights, we are certainly not going to overpay. We look at the monetization prospects. We believe for certain types of rights and certain types of countries that we're in a position to monetize better than others, but we will certainly not overpay.
Operator: We go next to Justin Diddams with Citi.
Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a question for me on Foxtel. Can you give us a sense of how much of the cost in the third quarter was nonrecurring or related to that upfront investment in marketing the new pricing plans and putting together Presto and triple play and what you expect the cost base growth profile to look like going forward?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, Justin. So I mean, look, basically obviously with the launch of the new pricing package and the launch of Presto, there was the sort of call it [ph] the marketing and customer service investment that's made. Clearly, the subscribers have come on, but the full impact of their revenue hasn't probably been felt in the quarter. So that will translate into better sort of profitability as we go forward. You'd expect to invest something more in marketing because you're still trying to grow subscribers, and you'd expect that some of the customer service costs, as your subscriber base grows, would increase a little bit. But basically, the unit economics of the business are unchanged, and we expect because the subscriber uptake so far has been very good, that we -- the prognosis is good for Foxtel.
Robert J. Thomson: Just to further Bedi's point, as you know, we've long indicated that we were unhappy with the level of penetration of Foxtel in Australia. We believe it's a great service that if people experience it, they'll like it. And so it's an important period of investment, and as Bedi indicated, the early signs are very good. New customer sales are up 52% year-to-date and since November to the end of March, they're up 75%.
Operator: We go next to Christian Guerra with Goldman Sachs.
Christian Guerra - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Question for you on Foxtel. I was just wondering if you could maybe talk about -- I mean, you've talked about the subscriber impact and in fact, you're seeing some good growth there in subscriber numbers. Just wondering if you could maybe talk about the impact on ARPU from the fairly dramatic cut in that base sort of package price?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, Christian. ARPU has actually been relatively stable. It's a little bit down, but it's been remarkably stable and sports penetration has been pretty much along the lines of what we were expecting.
Robert J. Thomson: I think, Christian, the question that we had was whether there would be much spin down, and I think it's fair to say that the spin down has been significantly less than forecast or feared.
Operator: We go next to Brian Han with Morningstar Research.
Brian Han - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I also have a question on Foxtel. Robert, you mentioned that you're confident of increasing pay-TV penetration in Australia, but it's been stuck around current levels for many years now. And with all these new streaming services coming on board, what gives you confidence that pay-TV penetration will increase going forward?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, certainly, we had to do something different. And so indeed, Richard Freudenstein and the team reduced prices at the -- for the essentials package and the sports package, down [ph] from 50 to 25 and 75 to 50. That was necessary as was clever marketing. Now I think it will benefit Foxtel and its portfolio, for there to be close scrutiny during a period of intense marketing. On the quality of the programming that Foxtel has, there is no doubt it's programming is preeminent and you have a period now of a certain amount of flux in the Australian market, and I think it's flux that should work to our benefit given the quality and the quantity of our programming compared to that of inferior competitors.
Operator: We go next to Doug Arthur with Huber Research.
Douglas M. Arthur - Huber Research Partners, LLC: Bedi, just going back to News and Information Services for a second. Just trying to get a sense of the underlying growth in circulation and subscription revenues. If you adjust for currency and kind of sidebar professional information for a second, are you seeing underlying growth from price increases and/or digital subscribers in revenues there?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Yes, so actually, currency adjusted, we're seeing growth on circulation in all of the markets. In Australia, circulation revenue was up 4%. In -- as I said, The Wall Street Journal was up 7% and then the U.K. was pretty much flat. So I think it's good revenue trends.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mike Florin for any additional or closing comments.
Michael Florin: Well, thank you for your time today. Have a great day and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-02-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert J. Thomson - Chief Executive Officer and Director Bedi Ajay Singh - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Fraser McLeish - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig A. Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore ISI, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Alice Bennett - Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Brian Han - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the News Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference call. Today's call is being recorded. Please be advised media is invited on a listen-only basis. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal Second Quarter of 2015 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago. It's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We will open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended December 31, 2014, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert J. Thomson: Thank you, Mike. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2015, we continued to pursue the long-term development of the company as well as delivering positive results in the here and now with reported revenues of $2.3 billion, up 2%; stable EBITDA of $328 million; and a rather healthy free cash flow. Importantly, excluding currency fluctuations during a patently volatile period in the ForEx market, acquisitions and other nonoperating costs, our adjusted EBITDA grew by a robust 4%. That makes 2 successive quarters of improving revenues year-over-year, signaling that the transformation is on track and that most of our core businesses are delivering solid results. At the heart of the metamorphosis of a company with a proud provenance, a very proud provenance, is our promise to become more digital and increasingly global, and both of those characteristics are clear in the numbers today. It is also worth noting that these achievements come despite a very uneven global advertising market. Advertising remains distinctly short term, making prognostication difficult, but the diversity and the depth of our portfolio have provided a solid buffer. This quarter marks the first time partial results from Move are included. Although we don't yet have a full quarter of performance, it is fair to say that the expansion of our Digital Real Estate portfolio should provide a firm foundation for future growth, and our confidence has only increased post-closing. For example, average unique users at realtor.com grew at a record rate of approximately 33% in January to 37 million. Total visits to the site rose 46% on a year earlier, and importantly, total mobile visits rose 79%. While there is much toil ahead, there's also much reason for optimism. Our other major acquisition to date, Harlequin, has continued to benefit our Book Publishing business hoping to usher in a new era of international and digital expansion at HarperCollins. Harlequin has access to over 100 markets and publishes in 34 languages, which is a far broader base for us, and we have already begun using that reach to take more advantage of successful titles. Here are a few top line observations about our Q2 performance. With Harlequin integrated into its stable of brands and solid results in other divisions, HarperCollins continues to show great strengths. Sales of the Divergent series have exceeded our expectations again with 1.5 million units sold in the second quarter, and we are keenly looking forward to the second film in the Divergent series, Insurgent, scheduled for release next month. We have also benefited significantly from the release of the film American Sniper, which has obviously stimulated sales of the eponymous book, now atop bestseller charts in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. The tome had strong momentum in the month of January when it sold 1.2 million units. To date, Chris Kyle's American Sniper has sold 3.9 million copies, and that title is rising rapidly. HarperCollins announced this week the acquisition of the North American rights to the newly discovered novel by Harper Lee, the author of the monumental To Kill a Mockingbird. The novel Go Set a Watchman will be published on July 14 this year and gives HarperCollins a head start for next fiscal year. If the overwhelming interest in the announcement is reflected in book sales, we can expect robust performance this summer and beyond. During the quarter, we also saw increased monetization of the backlist by Brian Murray's team at HarperCollins through dynamic pricing and subscription offerings, demonstrating how digital drives value for titles. Going forward, we are optimistic about the rich scene that is our back catalog. The net effect of the developments this quarter at our Book Publishing segment, revenues improved by 20% and EBITDA by a healthy 13% versus the prior period. The Dow Jones continues to make progress at the professional information business, but we were particularly pleased that advertising at The Wall Street Journal was higher than in the prior year. One reason was an increase in advertising by technology and finance companies in the print edition of The Journal. It is certainly meaningful that tech companies see the value and power of print as a platform and its desirable demographic. At News Australia, we again saw sequential year-over-year improvement with advertising declining only 3% in local currency and EBITDA again up versus the prior year. Our digital subscriptions are now approaching 250,000, almost 30% higher versus the prior year, but it is still early days in our digital development. We've been revamping the product offerings, including the launch of new apps at our metro mastheads, and we have reduced costs, including the closing of our Gold Coast printing site, while we have successfully raised newsstand pricing and subscription rates to drive circulation revenues. For News UK, it's worth noting progress at Sun+, The Sun's digital offering, which reported a total 225,000 paid subscriptions in late November. This was double the prior year figure, representing over 10% of the masthead's overall circulation and helped to offset print volume declines. There is no precedent or template for this project in the popular masthead market, so we are still learning about churn, loyalty and seasonality. What we do know is that the advertising climate in the U.K. remains very difficult, but we are renewing our efforts on digital ad sales and assiduously cultivating core clients. The Times has distinguished itself by being the only U.K. newspaper to show an increase in print circulation in the most recent audited reports and been the best-performing national newspaper for 7 consecutive months. We've seen both print and digital volume growth, and ARPU continues to increase year-over-year. At a time of media transformation with a flood of low-grade listicles and cheesy charticles, it is clear that high-quality journalism attracts high-quality revenue and reader engagement across all platforms. Importantly, as we highlighted last month, The Times reported an increase in profitability in the last fiscal year, thanks to the success of its digital strategy and higher print sales. Turning to News America Marketing. It is operating in a challenging environment, particularly with respect to its FSI products, where the competition is particularly intense. The in-store sector showed growth but is a smaller proportion of overall revenue in the sector. We are exploring partnerships to digitize the insert business and leverage our strategic relationships with retailers and consumer packaged goods companies. In Australia, we are pleased with the early results of the new pricing strategy at Foxtel. The company's market penetration had stalled for several years, and so we agreed with our partner, Telstra, to lower the entry price and market this uniquely rich service with extra vigor. Early results are encouraging with an increase of just over 80% in new sales volume and a lower-than-envisaged percentage of existing clients taking cheaper packages. Bedi will furnish more details in a few moments, but these early numbers, and they are early numbers, are a tribute to the efforts of Richard Freudenstein and his team. Foxtel also announced this week the commercial launch of its triple-play bundle and shortly will unveil its advanced iQ3 set-top boxes, broadening its product offerings with a view to solidifying its leadership in the market. Fox Sports Australia celebrated the success of the national sports teams in recent weeks with Australia winning the Asian Cup at the weekend, which itself will further stimulate interest in soccer. We should benefit as we hold the rights to local soccer matches as well as to the increasingly popular English Premier League matches. Meanwhile, the Australian team is also favored to win the Cricket World Cup, which begins in coming days. Cricket, while a mystery to some in the outside world, is an important component of the offering in Australia. Also in Australia, REA had a very good quarter not only demonstrating growth but an improvement from the fiscal first quarter in revenues and profitability in local currency. It continues to extend its position as the market leader and has expanded its international footprint, raising its stake in iProperty, the East Asian digital site, to around 20% and acquiring a strategic 20% stake in Move. At Move, Ryan O'Hara has just taken over as CEO, and there is already a profound difference in the metrics as the company is being integrated into the broader News Corp platforms. Those of you who access WSJ.com or the New York Post online will see search boxes for realtor.com, and you will increasingly see sophisticated targeted subscription ads for The Journal and the New York Post on realtor.com, as we leverage unique data to drive precisely targeted offerings. While realtor.com's core business is real estate, we believe its audience can be monetized in many other creative ways given the vast array of demographically desirable data we will derive from home buyers. At realtor.com, we have also begun layering in content from Dow Jones, The Wall Street Journal, MarketWatch and the New York Post. We're improving engagement, driving more impressions, particularly on mobile, as the dramatic increase in traffic in January attests, and this improvement comes largely from organic improvements, not from increased marketing expense. We launched a new homepage with improved user experience and search functionality, and we are working to incorporate realtor.com into the News Corp programmatic ad exchange, which is well-positioned to drive higher CPMs. We are also making a concerted push in the New York City market, which had not been well served in the past. We are leveraging the audience at The Post and The Journal and our partnership with the leading real estate companies. We expect a stronger presence in New York to increase the flow of prestige properties but also to raise the profile of realtor.com on Madison Avenue and elsewhere and create a more lucrative digital advertising platform. Let us be very clear. We are at the earliest of stages with the development of realtor.com, and the U.S. market itself is at an early stage of development. But having looked more closely at the company since the acquisition, we are even more excited about its potential both for the group and as a business in one of the fastest growing digital sectors. Macro conditions are also more auspicious as mortgage lending restrictions have been relaxed, housing starts are on the rise and the real estate runes in the U.S. market generally are positive. We have been candid with you about the importance of the seasonal selling season at Amplify. There is no doubt that the digital curriculum is the most advanced of its kind, and we have a remarkable, creative and committed team under Joel Klein's astute leadership. Furthermore, we are very realistic about the exigencies of the marketplace and the importance of a robust sales network. Our focus is to drive both scalability and profitability, and we expect a meaningful reduction in investment spend next year. Taken together, the second quarter of fiscal 2015 tells a compelling story of News Corp's evolution as a business. We are definitely more digital and global, thanks to the success with digital subscriptions at our mastheads, the expansion of subscribers at Foxtel, the development at HarperCollins through the Harlequin purchase and the addition of realtor.com and our other Asian real-estate-related investments. Advertising trends are difficult to forecast, and the situation in Greece remains a potential catalyst for more wide-spread economic upheaval, so we have resolved to be vigilant in reducing costs. Having explained that we would be reconfiguring the company over the first 2 years and having seen that plan unfold on schedule, we will continue to review our capital allocation priorities. Our goal remains to be balanced among organic investment, strategic M&A and as we had indicated, the return of capital. Now let me turn it over to Bedi, who will provide background detail and texture on today's results.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, Robert. First, I'll cover some high-level financial highlights and then discuss each segment in further detail. We reported fiscal 2015 second quarter revenue of $2.28 billion, a 2% increase versus the prior year period. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues were in line with the prior year. With regard to EBITDA, we reported total segment EBITDA of $328 million compared to the prior year period of $327 million. This quarter includes $13 million of costs related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters net of indemnification and $16 million of transaction-related costs for the Move acquisition, which closed in mid-November. Excluding those costs plus the remaining impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency fluctuations, our adjusted total segment EBITDA grew by 4% versus the prior year. As Robert noted, we were impacted by currency headwinds, primarily the Australian dollar, which negatively impacted Q2 total revenues by $72 million or 3% and total segment EBITDA by $16 million or 5%. Reported EPS were $0.24 versus $0.26 in the prior year period due to higher effective tax rate and lower interest income. Excluding restructuring and impairment charges, U.K. Newspaper Matter costs and other onetime items, our adjusted EPS were $0.26 versus $0.31 in the prior year. The results, again, underscores the strength and diversity of our asset portfolio, which continues to show underlying EBITDA and free cash flow improvement despite the uneven global ad marketplace. We continue to extract cost efficiencies while strengthening 2 of our key pillars, Digital Real Estate and Book Publishing, which we believe will materially reshape the growth profile of News Corp. Turning to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter declined $89 million or 6% versus the prior year period, and adjusted segment revenue declined 3%. Within the segment revenues, advertising, which was 58% of segment revenues this quarter, declined around 9% or 6% in local currency relatively similar to the first quarter. If we look at the performance across our key units starting at News Corp Australia, advertising revenues for the quarter declined around 10% or approximately 3% in local currency, again, showing sequential year-over-year improvement versus fiscal first quarter and last year's fiscal fourth quarter on a local currency basis, helped by market share gains in print and higher digital advertising sales. We saw strong improvements there in the national, notably government and travel, real estate and classified ad categories. News Corp Australia EBITDA also improved due to low costs, including overhead reductions and from the closure of the Gold Coast printing facility in the prior fiscal year. At The Wall Street Journal, advertising grew 2% versus the prior year, a big improvement from the first quarter, benefiting from strength in 2 key categories, finance and technology, combined with strong demand for the WSJ magazine. We saw advertising growth in both print and digital this quarter. At News UK, advertising revenues remain soft this quarter, declining around 18% or 16% in local currency, which was slightly worse than Q1, still impacted by weakness in grocers, telecom, finance and automotive. At News America Marketing, revenues declined due to continuing weakness in free-standing inserts, which have been under pressure over the past 2 quarters, impacted by lower spending from consumer packaged goods companies. The decline was partially offset by in-store advertising growth. Total circulation and subscription revenues, which account for 35% of segment revenues this quarter declined by 3%. The decline was driven by the professional information business at Dow Jones, which had a negative $11 million impact to revenues this quarter but again, continues to show sequential year-over-year improvement as the pipeline of business is strengthening. As Robert had noted, we expect to see further improvements in the second half and hopefully be positioned for growth next fiscal year. Total newspaper circulation revenues, however, showed modest year-over-year growth on a local currency basis in every region driven by subscription and cover price increases at a number of our mastheads, coupled with higher revenue from digital subscribers, which more than offset print volume declines. Of note, starting in January, we have begun to migrate legacy Wall Street Journal subscribers to higher price point tiers. Segment EBITDA decreased $39 million in the quarter or 15% as compared to the prior year period and adjusted segment EBITDA was down 12%. Included in segment EBITDA was $8 million impact related to the relocation of our London operations for deal rent and other facility costs. As I mentioned on past calls, we do not expect any material deal rent and other facility costs from the second half and onwards. This quarter we also incurred roughly $9 million higher legal expenses at News America Marketing related to ongoing litigations. Turning to the Book Publishing segment. Revenues improved 20%, and segment EBITDA grew 13% versus the prior year quarter. Excluding the results from the Harlequin acquisition, which closed in August 1, and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues were in line with the prior year, and adjusted segment EBITDA declined 4% due to tough comparison from the Divergent series in the prior year period. While the Divergent series continues to sell well, this quarter totaling over 1.5 million net units, this, as expected, was lower than the 5.7 million net units sold in the prior year period, creating a $33 million revenue challenge. Despite that challenge, the core HarperCollins business performed very well to nearly match year-ago levels with solid contributions in General Books, from Amy Poehler's Yes Please, Patricia Cornwell's Flesh and Blood and Chris Kyle's American Sniper as well as continued demand of Sarah Young's Jesus Calling series in Christian Publishing. Total e-book sales for the quarter grew 14% and accounted for the 17% of consumer revenues. Harlequin contributed $80 million of revenues and $11 million of EBITDA in the quarter. It's worth highlighting that Harlequin's profitability is improving, and we are implementing a number of initiatives to reduce costs, including streamlining, manufacturing and distribution as well as harmonizing sales strategies. In Cable Network Programming, revenues improved $2 million or 2% compared to the prior year quarter. Subscription revenues grew 3% benefiting from higher affiliate fees from Foxtel and increased number of subscribers. Advertising revenues decline modestly due to adverse foreign currency fluctuations, but revenues were up slightly in local currency despite a soft TV marketplace. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was up 2% compared to the prior year period. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues increased 11% and adjusted segment EBITDA improved by 9%. In Digital Real Estate Services, we now include results from both REA Group and from Move effective from November 14. Total revenues for the segment increased $51 million or 50%, and EBITDA improved 4% compared to the prior year period. Again, included in the reported results are $16 million of transaction-related fees for the Move acquisition. Excluding foreign currency fluctuations, REA's adjusted revenue and adjusted EBITDA grew 26% and 38%, respectively, an improvement from the prior quarter driven by higher pricing and increased penetration for enhanced products. The quarter's results also include $34 million in revenue and $3 million of EBITDA for Move for the period November 14 through the quarter end, as the business continued to benefit from higher traffic this quarter. EBITDA does include $4 million of stock-based compensation expense though, and as a point of reference, Move excluded stock-based compensation when reporting their adjusted EBITDA. Audience growth at realtor.com has accelerated through the year with fiscal second quarter average monthly unique users up 26% led by mobile platforms, which were up 60%. And also importantly, lead volume growth improved by 38%. As Robert noted, our immediate focus for realtor.com is on product development. We've already refreshed the homepage, added widgets and links across The Wall Street Journal Digital Network and The New York Post, and are integrating our content across the site. Our goal is to drive significant revenue growth and material contribution to profitability in the coming years, and early results are encouraging with January monthly unique users up over 30% to 37 million. In the second half of this fiscal year, we expect to see revenue growth accelerate driven by the continued success of our buyer agent, co-broked (sic) [ co-brokered ] product, which grew over 100% last quarter combined with higher usage levels. And we also intend to reinvest judiciously in marketing and product development as I've previously said. Overall, we are very pleased about Move's trajectory and remain excited about it's potential. At business and education, revenues were flat compared to the prior year quarter, and segment EBITDA improved $20 million to a loss of $24 million. Again, about $14 million of that improvement was due to the capitalization of software development costs related to our digital ELA learning products, and the balance came from operating efficiencies. With respect to earnings from affiliate's, Foxtel ended the quarter with around 2.7 million total subscribers, up 5% versus the prior year driven by cable satellite subscribers. Foxtel revenues for the quarter in local currency were in line with prior year, and EBITDA improved 2%. Churn declined to 11.8% from 12.8% in the prior year quarter. Foxtel launched its new revamped pricing and packaging on November 3 last year with an expectation of improving cable satellite subscriber penetration over the course of the year. Again, while it's early in the rollout, results overall are encouraging. Total new sales volume has improved by approximately 80% since launch, and churn has reduced. Despite the impact of the lower selling price point, ARPU remains favorable year-over-year, reflecting the limited spin down to date of existing customers. Turning now to cash flow. News Corp's cash flow from operations in the first half of fiscal '15 improved to $492 million compared to $407 million in the prior year, and free cash flow available to News Corp improved to $275 million compared to $217 million in the prior year. The vast majority of our $1.9 billion cash on hand is in U.S. dollars. We continue to expect full year CapEx to be relatively similar to the prior year at around $400 million, including around $70 million for the London relocation, which is now complete and $60 million related to capitalized software at Amplify Learning. So in summary, we believe this quarter and the first half results demonstrate that News Corp is on the right track. While the ad market has been unpredictable and currency has been and remains a headwind, we believe the steps we're taking both in reinvestments and operating efficiencies are positioning the company for long-term growth. With that, let me hand it back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Fraser McLeish with Crédit Suisse.
Fraser McLeish - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick question on Move. Just noticing that ListHub is -- or Zillow is not going to be getting its listings from ListHub anymore. Just was that your decision or theirs? And what sort of impact in second half on your revenues and also what sort of strategic advantage do you think that's going to give you once those listings go?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, certainly, we were in negotiations with Zillow up until recently, and they've filed a form, which declared that those negotiations had finished. So it's fair to say, if you want to put it this way, they took the initiative. It is now up to ListHub, of course, to recreate through the rather complex MLS system a -- which is -- or through -- Zillow through the complicated MLS system, a feed that takes into account that there are in total around 850 MLSs, and that -- frankly, that's their responsibility. Now ListHub itself provides feeds to about 166 publishers, and we at Move, of course, have a direct feed from the MLSs. We don't use ListHub itself, which is a syndication services, and -- but what we do have at Move, quite frankly, are fresher listings, more accurate listings. And that, we are going to make clear with our marketing over coming months, and we believe that once it becomes clear that, that -- they -- our IR comparative advantage is that users, as they already are, increase -- increasingly turn to realtor.com as their source of real estate listings and information. There is no material impact at all on our revenues through the Zillow move.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on your prepared remarks. Do you need any more scale through acquisitions in the real estate or book verticals if you will? And how do you think about your cash balance and the timing around the potential for return to capital given your desire to have that balance?
Robert J. Thomson: Certainly, with the Move acquisition, our immediate gain -- goal is to develop the potential of the company. As we've made clear, we're very excited about that. That will be an ongoing task in the next year or 2. As for the Book Publishing business, we've successfully integrated the Harlequin business into HarperCollins, which, as you can tell, performed very well during the quarter. We look ahead to more cost synergies at Harlequin, but we also look ahead with much optimism to the catalog that we have at -- more generally at HarperCollins. As we said in the past, the first 2 years are years of consolidation and development and transformation. We're well on schedule there. We will -- we'll obviously be reviewing capital allocation in coming months, but that's really all we can say at this stage but to reinforce our sense that we're pleased with the trajectory of the company and in particular with both the Book Publishing business and so far, from what we've seen, very much so with the performance of the new team at Move.
Operator: We'll now hear from Bill Bird with FBR.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Was wondering if you could elaborate on your expectation for meaningful reduction in Amplify investment spending next year. Was wondering if you could address whether you're committed to all 3 business lines and if you're open to considering narrowing the scope of the business.
Robert J. Thomson: Look, we have 2 priorities over the coming months. One is to continue to develop the best-quality digital curriculum in the country and, we believe, in the world; and secondly, to get our sales teams out to see the market reaction to that curriculum. That will be the priority. We'll be reviewing the situation at Amplify at the end of that selling season. But we're confident in our curriculum and we're confident in our teams.
Operator: We'll go on to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just following up on your comments in your prepared remarks about the strength you saw in the quarter at The Wall Street Journal, particularly in the print side where you saw positive growth. I guess, anymore color you can give there in terms of -- I know you mentioned the tech and the finance being a driver of that. Was it more broad based? I guess, was there anything specific to the quarter that led to the strength? Or do you think this could be a more sustainable trend? And then just a second question, if I may, on News America and the weakness there. Do you find that to be a core holding for your company? Or is that something you might strategically consider to maybe divest down the road?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, look, we were extremely gratified by the performance of The Wall Street Journal in the quarter just passed. I think what you saw was a recognition by tech companies and finance and others, luxury goods advertisers in the magazine about the strength of that platform, the power and obviously, the positive reaction to the advertisements. So I think it tells you that The Wall Street Journal has a distinct demographic, and it tells you that high-quality content brings high-quality audiences and high-quality advertisers. As for News America Marketing, the task for our team there is to push hard on the FSI business. It's a competitive market. There's absolutely no doubt about that. They know the extent of the challenge. But to give you a sense of the opportunity at News America Marketing, they are very much involved with -- in discussion with our team at Move, looking at how you can bring together, for example, knowledge that somebody's going to move house with household-related products in which News America Marketing has a particular strength.
Operator: We'll go on to Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Entcho Raykovski here. My question is around Fox Sports Australia, and obviously, you've achieved some higher affiliate pricing in the quarter. I just wanted to understand, is this part of a new package that Foxtel is providing as well? And also, there have been some new channels, which are being offered in Fox Sports Australia. Are they likely to result in higher costs over the coming quarters?
Robert J. Thomson: The increasing revenue is related to subs itself, up low double digits, which is due to the growth in those subs. I mean, we're very optimistic that the development of the channels there will provide opportunity for more growth in revenue than growth in expenses. And I think the team there is particularly excited that the sports in which they have specialized, like soccer and cricket, are sports in which the -- as we mentioned earlier, the national teams are doing well, and when you have a positive mood, you have greater audience growth. I mean, I'll put you across to Bedi for further metrics on...
Bedi Ajay Singh: Just on -- I think on your cost question, obviously the -- there'll be some costs increases in Q3. We've got some onetime events, the Asian Cup, Cricket World Cup, so that'll will take cost up a bit. Margins and maintaining the margins will depend on how much higher volume we get in terms of subscribers and additional rate increases.
Operator: We'll go on to Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. First, on the last call, you mentioned that circulation revenue would have been flattish in 2014 without DJX. Can you remind us when those headwinds fully subside and what circulation would have looked like in fiscal Q2 excluding DJX? And also, you made 2 recent investments in India sort of back to back. Can you talk a little bit about how big of an opportunity these investments could be and whether this is maybe the overarching strategy in India?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Right. So on DJX, as I said, this is -- we're seeing improvement in terms of the rate of revenue drop, and I think by the end of this fiscal year, we should be pretty much out of that. So coming into the new fiscal year next year, we should actually see that not being a drag on the overall circulation. In terms of the India investments, we made an investment in a real estate company called PropTiger, and we also made another small investment. So we're looking at the Indian market in terms of making relatively smart and sort of relatively smaller size bets. But the market there is completely exploding in terms of Internet platforms, and I think we have to be in that market. And there's a lot of synergy in addition to the real -- on the real estate side. We think we are doing, not just here in the U.S. with Move, but also with REA operating in the Asia-Pacific region.
Operator: And Justin Diddams, with Citi.
Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question is around the News UK, advertising down 16% in local currency. I don't think we can sustain that kind of decline much longer, so I'm wondering what the strategy is for the U.K. business to either halt those advertising declines and/or monetize football rights or what the plan is for the U.K. business, particularly in the context of a $70 million office move.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, just, first of all, the office move was bringing together all the companies, and out of that, we've already seen not only creative synergies but cost synergies. And those cost synergies will continue to be manifest. There's no doubt that the advertising market in the U.K. is a volatile one. The winds are fluky, but what Mike Darcey and the team are doing in particular: one, focusing on digital advertising where we do believe that there is room for growth; two, we're constantly looking at circulation revenue; and three, the team is going out and arguing in a very competitive market about the value of the unused mastheads, which is very clear. And it's very clear, indeed, when you look at the circulation uptick in The Times, where -- while other newspapers are struggling, The Times is doing very well. And that message, when advertisers hear it and understand it, will resonate not only with advertisers but with potential consumers. So Mike and the team are very much on the case, and they certainly have levers to pull.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig A. Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC: Wanted to focus for a second here on the cost outlook for your Australian newspapers and the U.K. papers. Did you feel at the stage that you have much room to take out more -- plenty more cost? Could you give us a sense how much fully to take out at this stage, both the U.K. and Australia, please?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Craig, I think -- I mean, the way to think about it is in Australia, and I think we've said that on some of the previous calls, the team there keeps doing a super job looking at the distribution, the manufacturing footprint. We brought down pricing on newsprint. They're doing a lot of work looking at sort of duplication of backrooms. So I think there's still runway to go in Australia to keep taking out costs. I mean, I think, they're diligently doing it. The U.K. has taken out a lot of costs, but I think there's always opportunity. And clearly, as Robert said, now that we've put everybody into one building and one location, some of that work is starting now in terms of can we get synergies out of everybody being together in one place. So I think there's still work going on there, but I would say probably Australia, there's more than there is in the U.K.
Operator: We'll now go to Doug Arthur with Evercore ISI.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore ISI, Research Division: On Book Publishing, I mean, flat adjusted revenues seems pretty impressive given the Divergent comparison. Is that comparison likely to get tougher in the next quarter or next 2 quarters? Or will the next movie release and the books attached to it start to offset that? I mean, how do you see that playing out in the near term?
Robert J. Thomson: Very good question. Look, it is a tough comparison. Q3 last year, the series sold around 8 million units, but look, there was surprise on the upside last quarter with the emergence of American Sniper. The full value of American Sniper will be felt in this quarter, and to be honest, sales are increasing still for that particular book. And as you mentioned, we do have the imminent release of the next film in the series. Again, around that, there'll be a lot of marketing and product placement that one would presume will be beneficial for sales. But the team at HarperCollins have done an excellent job making those tough comparisons and making the most of not only a great frontlist but a backlist that they are dynamically pricing and exploiting full value of.
Operator: We'll now go to Michael Morris with Guggenheim.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: My question is on Wall Street Journal. The price increases that you put through for new subscribers, last quarter, can you talk about what you learned in terms of the trajectory of new subscribers, whether that was impacted by the price increases and how that impacted the price increases for existing subscribers you're putting through this quarter -- or you put through this quarter and whether it gave you more confidence in the pricing power that you have at The Journal?
Robert J. Thomson: I think we have a lot of confidence in the pricing power of The Journal both in print and digitally. We increased the newsstand price, and newsstand sales are not a large percentage, but they're a significant measure at times of reaction to price increases. And that was an increase from $2 weekday to $3 with very little impact on circulation itself. So that's an immediate measure of the strength of that brand and the elasticity that we have.
Operator: Adam Alexander with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Robert, I've just got a question on Move. Now that you've had some time to look at the business, make some management changes, and you've reported some quite good metrics to date. At acquisition, you mentioned a marketing investment would make the acquisitions sort of dilutive to earnings. I'm just wondering whether that's still your expectations and if so, when we expect that sort of marketing spend to start ramping up.
Robert J. Thomson: The marketing spend will ramp up when we're happy with the marketing campaign and when we're happy with the adjustments to decide to make the user interface better to improve the experience that not only for use of the site but for Realtors who are our core clients. And so those are the priorities in the shorter term, and then around that, we will build our marketing campaign. But what I have to say that's been gratifying is that the -- what we presume to be the case, the bringing together of the platforms of the Dow Jones network and Move, realtor.com, that, that would have, of itself, for example, increased the power of organic search, and that is what you're seeing behind that rapid rise in usership in recent times. And we're particularly gratified by the increase in mobile usage. And for example, the mobile app, the number of visits in January was up close to 65%, and when you look at the app deep, the number of page views per visit, as best we can tell, at the app is around just over 18 pages per visit. So you're not only getting a lot of visitors, but you're getting very sticky visitors. And that comes at, frankly, very little or no marketing cost. So whatever we do longer term with marketing spend -- and there will be marketing spend, and our guidance has to be that it will be dilutive. What we're already seeing is an impact that has exceeded our expectations on the upside, so far, in terms of traffic and stickiness.
Operator: We'll now hear from Alice Bennett with CBA.
Alice Bennett - Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Research Division: Just have a question around Foxtel. I think you mentioned total subscribers up around 5%, and in recent quarters and years, most of that growth has been coming through with the digital subs. Just wondering post the price change if you can give us a sense of how much of the cable and satellite subscribers were up relative to the digital ones.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Yes. Alice, it's sort of -- I would say it's split almost evenly, but we are seeing encouraging pickup in the cable satellite part of it, which is good.
Alice Bennett - Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Research Division: Okay. And just on Foxtel, the iQ3 box, do you have any sense when that should be launched?
Bedi Ajay Singh: I don't they've announced a date, but we think it should be soon.
Operator: Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: I've got a couple, actually, if that's okay. Unrelatedly, first, I just wanted to ask, you mentioned about CPG, FMCG advertisers being quite tight with their budgets. I think that was a reference particularly to the U.K., but I wonder if you've got any further comments regarding that category in general, I mean, if you want to talk for your FSI business or just in general across your newspapers because that's a major advertising category that I know has been not spending very much lately. And then separately, secondly, on the subject of Amplify again, could you -- I assume you'll let us know if and when you win some decent school districts. But could you just describe what the status of school district purchases of curricular materials now are under the Common Core? Most states rolling out the Common Core this year, I just don't quite understand what the status is of states' decisions to go about making new curriculum purchases.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, it's difficult to generalize about advertising markets. You see, trends in the U.K. and Australia and at the Journal are frankly different, and I wouldn't want to therefore to generalize about a particular sector with -- globally. I think what we are experiencing at News America Marketing is compared -- competition in the sector generally for free-standing inserts. As for Amplify, we expected around 30,000 subscribers in -- for digital curriculum that -- we're around about that total at the moment, so it's on track. But we're quite honestly in the high peak of the selling season now so we'll have clearer numbers for you next quarter and the following quarter. Around the Common Core, clearly, there's a lot of debate about the Common Core, but even those states that don't adopt the Common Core in its entirety are adopting elements of the Common Core. And it varies very much state by state as to how different that adoption process is. But we're confident that there is a strong market for high-quality digital curriculum in the U.S., and that confidence has -- is flowing into the sales teams who are, as they should be, out selling.
Operator: We'll go to Brian Han with Morningstar Corporation.
Brian Han - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Now that the Move acquisition has been made and Amplify investment spending is going down, your CapEx outlook is pretty benign. Your free cash flow is still tumbling in. So I'm still wondering how you think about the capital management front going forward.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Brian, look, I think we've been pretty consistent in what we said in terms of -- out of the gate, we were looking at capital allocation priorities in terms of stabilizing the business, in terms of potential acquisitions. And I think Robert said earlier to another question that we had, we are -- clearly, the company is stabilizing, and I think in terms of looking at our capital allocation priorities, we are now reviewing those in much more detail.
Michael Florin: Operator, are there any additional questions?
Operator: No, sir. No additional questions, and with that, I will go ahead and turn things back over to Mike Florin for any additional or closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Okay. Well, thank you very much, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen, once again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you, all, again for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-11-05 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin – Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert Thomson – Chief Executive Officer Bedi Ajay Singh – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Janedis – Jefferies LLC Tim Nollen – Macquarie Capital Douglas Arthur – Evercore Partners Inc. Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Chase & Co. Michael Morris – Guggenheim Securities, LLC Adam Alexander – Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners, LLC Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners, LLC. Andrew Levy – Macquarie Securities Ltd. Justin Diddams – Citigroup Inc. Fraser McLeish – Credit Suisse Ltd. Brian Han – Morningstar Australasia Pty Ltd.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the News Corp. First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference. As a reminder today’s presentation is being recorded. Members of the media are invited on a listen-only basis. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp.’s fiscal first quarter 2015 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it’s now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We’ll open with some prepared remarks, and then we’ll be happy to take some questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp.’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp.’s Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2014 identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, the definition of and reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used on this call, such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that, I’ll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Mike. As the results you’re seeing today reflect we are off to a resounding start in our second fiscal year as the new News Corp. Our revenues, Segment EBITDA, free cash flow and earnings per share were all up from the prior year. Our broader goal of globalization and digitization is proceeding at pace with passion and purpose, as is the ongoing transition of our newspapers in the U.S., UK, and Australia. Meanwhile, we are deepening our diverse portfolio with strategic acquisitions with significance. First, we closed the acquisition of Harlequin on August 1. The integration since the closing has been rapid and efficacious. We’re expanding HarperCollins’ reach and that of our authors across Europe, Latin America and Asia. We are finally focused on driving cost savings with the goal to improve efficiency, while delivering higher quality content across multiple platforms and markets. And we are taking steps to leverage and monetize the extensive Harlequin backed catalog. Second, we announced along with REA Group in Australia plans to acquire Move, home of Realtor.com, expanding our real estate footprint in the large but still nascent U.S. digital property marketplace. This is a transforming acquisition of the new News. One that we expect will have significant benefits for years to come and that clearly complements our existing platforms. I will expand on this theme later on my prologue. Meanwhile, we continue to enhance and refresh our digital offerings across the globe, including the launch of the new Wall Street Journal app, the development of Sun+ in the UK and the refreshing of our metro mastheads in Australia. There is increased collaboration across divisions, resulting in a more coherent digital strategy, more creative products and more compelling offerings for our customers. Looking now at the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, some general observations, the advertising headwinds in Australia have dissipated. The results for our businesses there showed real and hard won improvement in revenues and in EBITDA, the green shoots appear to have taken root. But we will continue to invest in our sales teams and cherish our unique content. HarperCollins and REA again showed considerable strength, contributing much to both our top and bottom line, providing even more evidence that we can build a profitable future on these core pillars. We are seeing sequential improvements at the Dow Jones professional information business, and are confident that we are on the right track. Advertising at The Wall Street Journal has been robust in recent weeks, with October showing solid gains versus the prior year, driven largely by print advertising. Long term trends remain difficult to predict but we are happy with the contemporary trend. We will, however, never allow ourselves the sin of complacency. News America Marketing continues to show strength in the in-store category, highlighting the importance of point-of-purchase, which we believe has only become more valuable in a fragmenting media world. Free-standing inserts have been softer in recent weeks and will be a focus of particular attention in coming months. And Amplify has shown some gains, as the business has started moving from the development stage to the all-important sales stage. The coming school season will be crucial for the company as the sales cycle intensifies. In general, progress is solid because we’ve had a cogent and consistent plan for News Corp. We are purposefully executing on that strategy and continue to be diligent in confronting costs. Integral to that digital and global strategy has been the diversity and complementarity of our portfolio, which was distinctive from day one and has since been enhanced. This powerful portfolio has provided the opportunity for growth even with the ad-market somewhat uncertain and visibility obscured. We have clearly come far over the past 15 months. The acquisitions of Storyful, Harlequin and we expect eminently Move; the retooling of Dow Jones professional information business; the launch of the new curriculum at Amplify; the growth of REA in Australia and its expanding reach in Asia. However, these initiatives have not blurred our focus on driving improved operating efficiencies around the company and the world. We believe we are uniquely positioned for growth, particularly as technology advances our platform capabilities and stimulates the appetite for and access to the kind of premium compelling content we create and distribute. As for the quarter, the positive results underscore while we are humbly confident in executing our long term plan. Today’s numbers show the power of our provenance and our prospects. While newspapers are part of the foundation of the company and always will be, we are not just a newspaper publisher. We are a content-and-technology company with unique but complementary assets, and a balanced revenue mix. Some high level numbers on which Bedi will elaborate eloquently. For the quarter our reported revenues grew 4% to $2.2 billion, a notable improvement since last quarter. And reported total segment EBITDA grew by 21%, importantly our adjusted EBITDA grew 18% and free cash flow available to News Corp. grew by $83 million. Among the highlights of the first quarter was book publishing. HarperCollins’ adjusted segment EBITDA which excludes Harlequin and certain other items grew over 20% this quarter. As the Divergent series continue to pay dividends and show the undoubted virtue of our blockbuster book. Meanwhile, we have never been more excited about digital real estate and REA’s success this quarter helps to explain why. Revenue growth was 24% and segment EBITDA increased 30%. The company’s vast trove of expertise will be critical to the future growth of realtor.com in the U.S. and our other online properties. While we have been candid about the challenges facing our newspapers we are seeing more encouraging trends in advertising and circulation revenue. We remain conscious that the sector is in transition but believe that we have the scale and the skills to succeed. To focus on a few brands, The Times in the UK is delivering both volume and higher revenue per subscriber. Digital which already accounts for nearly one-third of paid sales has been growing at a double-digit rate. At the Sun we launched our tablet app integrated with sports clips and marketed with the Dream Team Fantasy League. And while it’s still early, we are pleased with the progress and the number of Sun+ members has increased remarkedly. We are still monitoring churn and will have formal metrics for you later this month. At The Wall Street Journal we are now seeing momentum restored. As I mentioned, we’ve launched a new iPad app and added a subscriber membership program through WSJ+, inspired by our success in London with The Times. Our team at the journal under Will Lewis is working hard to grow subscriptions with simplified pricing, new products and enhancements and international expansion. We just launched digitally Barrons Asia and expanded the burgeoning WSJ magazine to Latin America. At News Australia, we’ve launched our next generation tablet apps for the metro mastheads and are advertisers a seamless cross-platform product. We will as one must continue to iterate and improve the offerings. We are capitalizing on the strength of The Australian by publishing a new business section to attract advertisers and readers, and leveraging some content from The Wall Street Journal, in another example of cross-border cross-fertilization. Turning to Digital Education, we had a solid quarter, led by our early grade hybrid product offerings. Feedback from the launch of our Digital ELA curriculum and math offerings has been positive. And we believe they position Amplify strongly for the upcoming sales cycle. Before I conclude and turn things over to Bedi for more statistical specifics, let me return briefly to the subject of Move. We are even more excited about its potential then when we announced plans to the acquisition in September. It is increasingly clear that the U.S. online real estate market is fragmented and at a rather really stage of its evolution compared to markets elsewhere in the world. Move has the freshest, most accurate listings and a strong relationship with realtors. These assets will soon be complemented by the powerful media platforms at the heart of News Corp., including The Wall Street Journal and News America Marketing. We will have compelling content and unique brand-building potency and technological savvy. All of which are crucial ingredients in the sprint to success. And we’ll have the great advantage of involvement by REA, our majority owned Australian online property company, whose own success is legend and which will be able to share valuable learning and lessons with Move. An estimated $14 billion will be spent on the marketing of properties this year by real estate agents and brokers in the United States. And that figure does not include rentals on mortgage financing. We expect the recent relaxation of mortgage lending restrictions will also help stimulate the housing market, which has yet to recover full health after the financial crisis. The combination of the shift to Digital Marketing and the broader economic trends are certainly auspicious. Realtor.com will allow us to gather important data of value to our other properties. When a purchaser indentifies an interest in a home in Tribeca or Tous [ph] they are potential Wall Street Journal subscribers. We will be able to repurpose that permission data for our other partners and clients. We anticipate that it will be a rich source of monetizable intelligence about a desirable demographic, while there is much hard work ahead we believe the rewards of Realtor.com will be real for all of our shareholders. We remain committed to a balanced long-term approach to capital allocation among organic investment, strategic M&A, and the return of capital. As evidenced by the Move deal, our strategy is to pursue new opportunities where we can use our global platform and scale, opportunities which inherently complement and extend our expertise. Now, let me turn it over to Bedi, who’ll provide background detail on the positive results we’re announcing today.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks Robert. First, I would like to share with you some high level financial highlights, and then we will discuss each segment in further detail. We reported fiscal 2015 first quarter total revenue of $2.2 billion, a 4% increase versus a prior year period revenues of $2.1 billion. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues were up 1% compared to the prior year. Turning to EBITDA, we reported total Segment EBITDA of $170 million, which was a 21% increase versus the prior year period. Results this quarter include $14 million of costs related to the UK Newspaper Matters, net of indemnification. Excluding that cost and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency fluctuations, our adjusted total Segment EBITDA grew by 18% versus the prior year. Reported EPS were $0.11 versus $0.05, excluding restructuring and impairment charges, UK Newspaper Matters costs and other one-time items, adjusted EPS were $0.09 versus $0.03 in the prior year. Free cash flow available to News Corporation improved by $83 million from negative $10 million in the prior year to positive $73 million in the first quarter. As Robert noted, the results demonstrate both the breadth of our portfolio and our diversification, across geographies, lines of business and revenue mix. We significantly grew our EBITDA and our free cash flow amid a still challenging ad-market albeit we saw lower declines in Australian and at The Wall Street Journal compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. The results today are the product of prudent reinvestment, improved market share and ongoing operating efficiencies.
 : We are also strengthening two of our core pillars, Digital Real Estate and Book Publishing. Those of which contributed significantly to our strong top and bottom line results this quarter. We believe adding Move to our platform will be another leg to growth, and another significant step towards further digitalization of News. We anticipate the Move deal to close in the current quarter and we’ll have more to talk on this next quarter. We’re also very pleased with the integration of Harlequin, as we focus both on cost savings and leveraging the foreign language footprint. We also remained very focused on free cash flow and despite the impact on capital spending related to the companies London Relocation, as well as continued investment spending and Amplify. We still significantly improved our free cash flow versus the prior year period. Our goal remains to reshape the growth profile of News Corp. through prudent investment and cost discipline, and we think that the results today are a testament to that. With that as a brief overview, let’s look at the first quarter performance for each of the key segments. In News and Information Services revenues for the quarter declined $44 million, or 3% versus the prior year period. Adjusted segment revenues also declined 3%. Within these segment revenues, advertising declined around 7% this quarter, a consecutive improvement from the 9% decline in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. Looking at advertising across our key publishing units, at News Corp. Australia, ad revenues declined around 5% or 6% in local currency for the quarter and showed particular strength in September. This is a consecutive improvement compared to a decline of 16% or 11% in local currency in the fourth quarter of 2014. We saw strong improvements in the national real estate and auto categories. At News UK, advertising revenues declined around 6% or 13% in local currency, relatively consistent with fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 impacted by weakness in retail, telecom and finance. News UK advertising continued to remain challenged through October as a result of general market softness. And at The Wall Street Journal, advertising declined high-single digits this quarter, impacted by tougher year-ago comparisons, but we saw an improvement from fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, and gained momentum through the quarter led by our digital offerings. Whilst it is early and booking cycles remained short, The Wall Street Journal has shown strong improvement in October driven by two categories, finance and technology. At News America Marketing, in-store advertising improved 10% but this was offset by declines in free-standing inserts, which had been under pressure in the quarter and continued into October. Total circulation and subscription revenues for the quarter declined 1%, driven primarily by continued softness in professional information business at Dow Jones, which had a negative $13 million impact to revenues this quarter. However again, this was an improvement versus the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, as we continued to make progress to stabilize and retain existing Factiva customers. Total newspaper circulation revenues showed modest growth, mostly driven by subscription and cover price increases across a number of our mastheads to offset print volume declines, although as Robert mentioned we did see print volume growth at The Times in the UK. We continued to evaluate our pricing across all our mastheads with an eye on both competition and most importantly consumer value. And to that point and it’s worth highlighting that we have recently restructured the subscription pricing for The Wall Street Journal in early October for new customers, which raises the price to the print digital bundle to $32.99, and for digital only to $28.99, representing a $4 per month increase for both offerings. We've also eliminated the historical discount with digital versus print, taking a page from the success of the times in the UK as Robert noted. Segment EBITDA decreased $28 million in the quarter, or 21% as compared to the prior-year period, and Adjusted Segment EBITDA was down 19%. Included in segment EBITDA was $14 million related to the relocation of our London operations with dual rent another facility costs, which accounted for half of the year-over-year percentage decline. Our second fiscal quarter should be the last quarter of the dual rent P&L impact. Turning to the Book Publishing segment, revenues improved 24% and Segment EBITDA grew 28% versus the prior year quarter. Reported EBITDA this quarter includes approximately $5 million of Harlequin-related transaction fees. Excluding the results from the Harlequin acquisition, which closed on August 1, and the related transaction fees, the impact from the divestiture of the live events business last year, and foreign currency fluctuations, Adjusted Revenues grew by 6% and Adjusted Segment EBITDA by 23%. Total e-book net sales for the quarter grew 28%, and accounted for 22% of consumer revenues. Excluding Harlequin, e-book revenue growth was 8%. The Divergent series continues to sell very well this quarter, totaling over $3.5 million net units, modestly above last quarter, and includes the impact from a new title for a Divergent Collection. We also have solid contributions in general books, and Steve Harvey’s Act Like a Success, and Daniel Silva’s The Heist, and carryover demand in Christian publishing from Sarah Young’s Jesus Calling. This week we announced plans to close our HarperCollins Canada warehouse and consolidated distribution in North America. This is part of our long-term strategy to streamline distribution operations, which will lead to significant cost savings. While it’s early in the integration with Harlequin, we've been very pleased with the progress to-date. We are actively looking for cost saving opportunities in a number of overlapping territories. At this point we would expect aggregate cost savings to approximate those at Thomas Nelson, which was over $20 million. Although, it will take some time as we exit contractual commitments and renegotiate manufacturing terms to realize the (inaudible). We are also beginning to tap into the Harlequin network with the recently announced expansion of our public (inaudible) program in Germany, with additional markets planned in the future, and we also announced a foreign language deal with top author Daniel Silva other than the pipeline. Finally, we announced a subscription offering for Harlequin with Scribd for backlist titles as we look to further monetize its valuable catalog and leverage HarperCollins existing digital distribution relationships. As I mentioned last quarter, core HarperCollins does face tough comps this year due to the success of the Divergent series last year. The majority of the Divergent units having been sold in fiscal second quarter and third quarter of the prior year. In Cable Network Programming, revenues improved $7 million, or 5% compared to the prior year. Subscription revenues grew 9% benefiting primarily from higher affiliate fees from Foxtel and increased subscribers. Advertising revenues declined modestly impacted by a soft marketplace and a tough prior year comparison related to election spending and the absence of two major events a bit later this year, namely the Lions Rugby Tour and the Ashes Cricket Series. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was up 10% compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, Adjusted Revenues increased 4% and Adjusted Segment EBITDA improved by 10%. In Digital Real Estate Services, revenues increased $22 million, or 24% compared to the same quarter last year, reflecting higher pricing and uptake of premium products. Segment EBITDA increased $13 million, or 30% this quarter compared to the prior year, primarily due to the increased revenue. Reported results also include roughly $2 million in fees incurred at the end of September for the proposed acquisition of Move. Excluding adverse foreign currency impact and the Move transaction costs, Adjusted Revenue and Adjusted Segment EBITDA grew 23% and 32% respectively. At Digital Education, revenues increased $15 million compared to the prior year, or 56%, driven by the adoption of our K-5 print, digital hybrid learning products and from higher tablet sales. Segment EBITDA improved $27 million to a loss of $24 million, about $15 million of that was due to the capitalization of software development costs related to our digital ELA product and the balance from improved top line. In our others segment, excluding the UK Newspaper Matter costs, Adjusted Segment EBITDA was relatively flat at negative $41 million compared to negative $40 million in the prior year. With respect to earnings from affiliates, Foxtel ended the quarter with around 2.6 million total subscribers, up 5% versus the prior year driven by higher digital platform subscribers. Cable and satellite churn improved to 10.9% compared to 12.1% in the prior year. Foxtel revenues for the quarter grew 1% due to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and growth in subscriber revenues. And EBITDA increased around 2% versus the prior year quarter due to the subscriber revenue growth offset by increased operating expenses resulting from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Foxtel launched its new revamped pricing and packaging on Monday November 3, with an expectation of improvement in cable and satellite subscriber penetration over the course of the year. We'll provide an update on progress in next quarter. Turning now to cash flow, News Corp's cash flow from operations improved to $183 million, compared to $59 million in the prior year, and free cash flow available to News Corp. improved to $73 million, compared to negative $10 million in the prior year. We continue to expect full-year CapEx to be relatively similar to the prior year at approximately $400 million. This includes around $70 million to complete the London relocation and $60 million related to capitalized software Amplify. Our corporate overhead and strategy group costs are expected to be at a similar level with that in fiscal 2014. And at Digital Education, we continue to expect our total cash investment spend to be relatively similar in fiscal 2015 at over $200 million, including approximately $60 million of capitalized content development costs. EBITDA for fiscal 2015 though is expected to improve by, at least, the amount capitalized. So just to summarize, we believe this quarter demonstrates that News Corp. is on the right track and we are confident the steps we've taken both investments and cost discipline are positioning the company for long-term growth and equally important higher value per share. With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis – Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Robert, can you give us more color on what you are seeing in print advertising at the journal, with some of the weakness in national advertising in TV and cable, it’s a bit of a surprise. And so I guess, was the tech money broad, that it’d support a particular launch, does it have legs in Australia how are current print trends looking there? Thanks.
Robert Thomson: John, look, obviously we are not pretending to be soothsayers, so we are not giving you long-term forecasts. But what we did see in particular at the journal and both in print, but particularly in print, but also in digital was their recovery in finance and tech advertising, and that is encouraging. And it’s so far so good this quarter and we are talking in terms of year-on-year guidance. In Australia, the team under Julian Clarke, have done a sterling job in retooling the business. And I think partly there the improvement in trading conditions is today in large part together focused again on the local advertising. The team is dedicated in its pursuit of clients and its servicing of clients, and so that has absolutely contributed to the improvement we are seeing there. And in essence, what you’ve got in Australia now if you wanted to typify it topographically with topographically is that, the Mary River had silted up, and that river is now flowing again.
Michael Florin: Okay. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen – Macquarie Capital: Yes, I want to ask about your Amplify division, you mentioned that you are heading into an active selling season. We are a good couple of months into the fall semester with a lot of common core sales for schools now underway. Just wondered, if you could comment on what you have done, and what you think the timeframe is of upcoming Amplify sales please?
Robert Thomson: Well, we're seeing sales across five states and range of districts from Seminole County in Florida to Spokane in Washington. The sale season for us, quite frankly will get more intense later in the fiscal year. And as the product is rolled out, you like us in these very public contracts will have a sense of how we’re fairing.
Michael Florin: Okay. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas Arthur – Evercore Partners Inc.: Yes, Bedi, you talked about the dual rent in London dissipating next quarter, what can you add in terms of sort of the underlying cost trends in news and information for the balance of the years?
Bedi Ajay Singh: I think, we've been pleased with these operating efficiencies we see in news and information services, particularly in Australia, where they have been taking out quite a bit of cost, and the sort of backroom operations. And I think, we would expect that sort of pace to sort of continue for the remainder of the year. The London building this quarter was double rental $14 million, I think, it will be similar for next quarter and then we're done. So that would obviously dissipate for quarters three and four, so there will be improvement just as a result of that.
Michael Florin:  Okay. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Thank you. My question is on your acquisition strategy, you’ve made two very different acquisitions recently, Harlequin and then Move, one publishing and one an online real estate. I guess, my – you did talk a little bit about what your priorities are in terms of when you look for these deals and able to leverage your global franchise when you bring them under your fold. But if you could give us any more color in terms of, are there certain segments of the markets that you are more focused on versus others, I guess, is there any other priorities you take into consideration?
Robert Thomson: Alexia, I think we made clear at the very first Investor Day that we were particularly interested in digital acquisitions. We would focus on the U.S. and global expansion and not so much Europe, a little more Asia, for example, but in particular, they have to be assets to complement our existing assets. They have to be extensions of our expertise, and we have to be able to use our existing platforms in a way to ensure that the new companies become platforms in profitability. And that’s very much the case with Harlequin, and it’s clearly the case with Move, where in each case, we have an existing skill set. We see, yes, synergies there, but we also see the potential for growth that is wheel, and it’s the potential for growth based upon experience and expertise in the company as it exist. So these are not eccentric purchases, these are extensions of that expertise.
Michael Florin:  Okay. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: We'll go to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris – Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Thanks, guys. With respect to the price changes at The Wall Street Journal, I apologies if I didn’t hear this, but when did those price changes take place or when do they take place. And then also I know, you’ve been sensitive about the impact to subscriber numbers of changing price, what was the pattern that you saw at the times when you made a similar change there? Thanks.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So the new pricing as I said the full package is $32.99, that came into effect just now in October, and it’s the new customers. So that’s what we've done for the full package, the print and web and mobile is $28.99.
Michael Florin:  Okay. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we'll go to Adam Alexander.
Adam Alexander – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Good afternoon. Just touching on the Foxtel process, they were launched this week in Australia with a 50% cut on the base package, just wondering relatively, if you could give us a bit of a data on what sort of spin-down we might see, and whether or not that’ll have a top line impact on Foxtel revenue in the coming quarters?
Robert Thomson: Adam, it’s a little early for us to give you any forecast along those lines. I think, what we can say is that, process is being in operation for a week. Apart from offering discounts from new subscribers, what we are offering in our premium packages to existing subscribers and look out the early inquiring that we have is at the call center activity has been encouraging. But I think it’s better for us to wait till the next quarter to give you more fully formed some figures.
Michael Florin: Okay. Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: We’ll go to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners, LLC:  Yes, I am just curious, your Move acquisition Realtor.com, what you’re going to do on the management front there with REA? Are they going to – are you going to lean heavily on the REA management to run this thing or are you going to use people in-house of your existing company or are you going to keep the current management in place or how is that all going to work, please?
Robert Thomson:  Look, clearly REA’s expertise will be a benefit to Move, but we’re not going to use that work expertise to an extent that it would damage REA itself and we are very, very conscious of that. I think, what you have to understand about Move is that, we’re extremely confident that we can accelerate growth in traffic and revenue without excessive investment, given the resources we have at our disposal and they’re not just REA resources, but when you think about at The Wall Street Journal Digital Network, where you’re getting a half-a-billion page views a month, complementing the large number of page views and traffic that you get at realtor.com. And so and when you look at what typical real state advertising website need, you need a media platform, we have that; you need compelling content, we have that; and you need a tech and software expertise, we have that. And we have those things without having to excessively invest.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners, LLC.: Thank you.
Michael Florin: Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go to Andrew Levy with Macquarie Securities.
Andrew Levy – Macquarie Securities Ltd.: Thank you. My question was just on the FOX SPORTS, presumably Foxtel is going to get a pickup in subscribers from the price changes you put through. I’m just wondering if FOX SPORTS gets a full carry-through from any additional subscriber growth or whether the deal with Foxtel is being re-cut to accommodate the price changes that they have put through.
Bedi Ajay Singh: 
 :
Robert Thomson: Just to further it out, about – and look on past patterns, about 80% of Foxtel subscribers pick up the FOX SPORTS package, or…
Andrew Levy – Macquarie Securities Ltd.: And have you – sorry about that. I was just going to say, the view historically been the same for all Foxtel subscribers or just the sports package subscribers in the FOX SPORTS?
Michael Florin:  Andrew, can you repeat that question?
Andrew Levy – Macquarie Securities Ltd.: Yes, the question was, historically, did FOX SPORTS receive a payment on total Foxtel subscribers or just on Foxtel subscribers who took the sports package?
Bedi Ajay Singh: People who took the sports package.
Andrew Levy – Macquarie Securities Ltd.: Okay, thank you.
Michael Florin:  Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: We’ll go to Justin Diddams with Citi.
Justin Diddams –:  Morning, guys. Thanks for your time, a question for me is on using information services, given the trends you’re seeing in each of the businesses do you think it’s acceptable to expect that we can see revenue growth in the back-end of the year in each business?
Citigroup Inc.:  Morning, guys. Thanks for your time, a question for me is on using information services, given the trends you’re seeing in each of the businesses do you think it’s acceptable to expect that we can see revenue growth in the back-end of the year in each business?
Robert Thomson: It’s probably not reasonable, Justin, to expect us to give you a forecast along those lines. What we can say is that the trends last quarter in particular in Australia, the advertising trends with the journal in October in recent weeks, these have been positive trends relative to last year. But we’re also very frank with you, it is difficult for us to see long-term trends at the moment given that the power of the spot market. And therefore in predictive terms spottiness of the statistics we have at our disposal. So what we do have been in London, in Australia and at Dow Jones, are teams who are working very, very hard to get the most out of their businesses. They’ve been very institutionally perspective on costs. They’re asking all the right existential expense questions and we’re very proud of the effort that those teams are making.
Michael Florin: Thanks, Justin. Operator, we’ll take our next question, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go to Fraser McLeish with Credit Suisse.
Fraser McLeish – Credit Suisse Ltd.: Thanks. And I just like to follow-up on the question that Andrew asked on FOX SPORTS, can you just confirm has there been any change in the amount you get per FOX SPORTS subscriber as a result of the overall pricing changes or is that still the same as it was before? Thanks.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So we’re not disclosing specific pricing, but generally you can take it that, it’s along the same sort of lines that we had before.
Fraser McLeish – Credit Suisse Ltd.: All right, thank you.
Michael Florin: Thank you. Thanks, Fraser. Operator, we will take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go to Brian Han with Morningstar.
Brian Han – Morningstar Australasia Pty Ltd.: Hi, thanks. As we think about the Move acquisition going forward and Robert, you’ve already mentioned the brand building potency of News Corp. itself. But, do you have any special marketing relationship with Fox Media properties or is that all on an arm’s length basis?
Robert Thomson: Clearly, we’ll be involved in negotiations with our friends at Fox, but we look – we’ve got News America Marketing and the free-standing insert business. We have the National Association of Realtors, which this year has invested around $30 million in marketing and we intend to strengthen our relationship to ensure that the complementarity of the marketing at our marketing. So combined the sum of those parts will be a very, very powerful platform, because we’re conscious quite obviously that marketing can be expensive. But when we calculated the benefits of buying Move, clearly we have a comparative advantage, when it comes to brand building and traffic driving.
Michael Florin:  Operator, are there any additional questions?
Operator: This time there are no further questions in the queue. Mr. Florin, I’ll turn the call back to you.
Michael Florin: Great. Thank you very much for participating and we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-08-07 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert J. Thomson - Chief Executive Officer and Director Bedi Ajay Singh - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Craig A. Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Alice Bennett - Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corp Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, Blake. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take some questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-K for the 12 months ended June 30, 2014 identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-K filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used on this call, such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert J. Thomson: Thank you, Mike. We've now completed 1 full fiscal year as the new News Corp. And it's fair to say that the sensibility of a startup has characterized our pursuit of digital and global expansion for our distinctive portfolio of companies, a portfolio that is diverse in both revenue mix and geographic spread. We will be building on the company's proud tradition and the progress attained over the past year, during which we made disciplined strategic acquisitions, targeted divestments and tactical investments in technological and international initiatives. The company is at the very center of the global debate over the value of content and the creation of platform permutations for the delivery of that content. Throughout the year, we have also been disciplined on costs and aim to deliver value to our customers, advertisers and investors. One year into our existence, the real measure of our progress lies in the answer to this question. Are we better off, better positioned today than when the journey began? For News Corp, the answer is a resounding yes. We said on Investor Day that we would become more digital and global, and we are. We have increased market share in a number of our business, most notably, REA and HarperCollins. We said that we would be acutely and astutely cost-conscious. And we have been, and we'll continue to be. Our costs this year are down, and we will assiduously search for additional savings. We said that technology is the canvas for our content, and that has never been more true than it is today. We said that the percentage of our revenue that comes from nonadvertising sources will increase significantly over 5 years. And 1 year in, we can see that prediction being borne out. In fact, today, nonadvertising sources account for more than 50% of our revenues, and that has provided us added support in a sometimes challenging advertising marketplace and an uneven economic recovery. For the year, revenues were $8.6 billion, a 4% decrease, while EBITDA improved 12% to $770 million. Most important, our free cash flow improved by more than $290 million to $365 million. Let me be more specific about our acquisitions, cost consciousness, investments, digital and global initiatives and the challenges we faced. Our acquisitions, and we're in an early phase of our expansion, have echoed our determination to grow digitally and globally and show that we will not be rushing naïvely to overpay for underachieving companies. Just last week, we completed the acquisition of Harlequin, which will give HarperCollins a jumpstart on international digital expansion and a platform for future growth. We believe this was a prudent and disciplined move that will benefit HarperCollins and News Corp. This very day, our HarperCollins executives are in Canada, working constructively with the talented Harlequin team. Our first acquisition was Storyful, the world's leading social media news agency, which has already launched FB Newswire with Facebook and last week, celebrated 1 billion views of its videos on YouTube. Now we are focusing on monetizing that traffic and using Storyful's unique authentication expertise for the benefit of our businesses and of our clients. We also continue to recast our portfolio, consistent with our cost-conscious focus. And so we sold the Dow Jones Local Media Group and the Community Newspapers Group to focus on core branded properties in the U.S. And we sold the live events business at HarperCollins earlier this year, which we viewed as not core to our mission. We are resizing the cost base in News and Information Services with savings that are made more realizable by the extra focus and increased cooperation in the new News. This has been achieved through a combination of operational and back-office initiatives including a wide range of contract negotiations and health and pension reforms, among many other steps. Bedi will elaborate on these efforts shortly. We also expect to achieve natural efficiencies across our businesses as we migrate to digital, with consolidation of servers and software and the repurposing of platforms. This trend is evident at HarperCollins, which is well down the path of digital migration and which will certainly benefit from Harlequin's success and skills on line. We have made smart targeted investments, including partnerships with real estate sites in China and Hong Kong through REA, a leading online real estate services company in Australia. The deals give us a connection with a still-maturing market in China and will bring Chinese investors closer to property opportunities in Australia and elsewhere. And speaking of REA, I'd like to point out their robust numbers and the ongoing benefit from secular tailwinds, as agents are increasingly aware of the high ROI that REA can offer. REA recently announced the purchase of a minority stake in iProperty for $100 million. iProperty has burgeoning online property, advertising operations in Southeast Asia and just reported revenue growth of over 40%. We are excited about potential global opportunities in this sector. Also this year, we announced plans to add $50 million to our investment in SEEK Asia, a growing employment listings business, as we expand our presence in Southeast Asia, a region which we believe holds tremendous growth potential. Last year, we launched BallBall, which offers exclusive soccer highlights from the 5 major European leagues to audiences in Indonesia, Japan and Vietnam through desktop, laptop, mobile and tablet platforms. And also on the investment front, this past year, we successfully launched the global programmatic advertising exchange, which has helped us cut out third-party networks and allowed us to work directly with advertisers who want to reach our premium audiences. Owning our data and protecting the privacy of our customers are imperatives. While still early, we are certainly pleased with the pricing improvement and extra revenue that we've generated. We remain firm believers in the power of print, but we are committed to using technology to make our content more accessible, mobile and profitable. And that is why we have been driving digital throughout News Corp. In the U.K, The Sun launched Sun+, the digital version of the country's most popular newspaper, and we are focused on enhancing engagement with the imminent launch of a new tablet app. Our News UK publications have integrated innovative sports video clips and apps and expanded into online luxury shopping, catering to the needs of an extremely desirable demographic. In particular, we've been pleased with The Times, which grew in volume, revenue, pricing and market share, thanks to great journalism and sustained technological toil. A newspaper launched in 1785 has definitely made a successful transition into the digital age. In Australia, we're pleased to show very strong digital growth for our paid digital subscriber base over the past year, now exceeding 200,000. And The Australian, which has just celebrated its 50th birthday, released a new iPad app. Today, The Australian has more paying customers than at any time in its history and a larger audience than ever, with more than 3 million readers each month. We are planning to relaunch our paid digital mastheads in Australia with a simplified subscription offering. We'll also begin integrating these digital publications with a unique form of interactive advertising that will take advantage of the strengths of different formats. No matter how esteemed the publication, our teams are working continuously to improve the experience for our readers and for our advertisers. Also in Australia, Foxtel announced triple play bundling and launched Presto, its new online movie service, which is in its infancy. Foxtel is focused on monitoring market conditions to respond to competitors and to opportunities and on driving penetration to increase the value of this great asset. Here in the U.S., Dow Jones released key enhancements to Factiva, and The Wall Street Journal bolstered its digital leadership through new video programming and the launch of WSJD, along with verticals focused on economics, marketing and Washington policy. Also in the U.S., I'm particularly pleased to note that in-store advertising has shown impressive growth in News America Marketing. There is as much discussion about owning the point-of-sale. But the point-of-purchase is crucial and that is the strength of our in-store team. Amplify launched its new digital curriculum in English Language Arts for grades 6 to 8, and we are excited about the quality of the offering as we engage with school districts around the country. In publishing, e-book sales at HarperCollins this quarter were 23% higher versus the prior year, thanks in part to the success of the Divergent trilogy, which underscored the power of book blockbusters in a digital environment. And HarperCollins was at the forefront of the industry in forming partnerships with online e-book subscription services, Oyster and Scribd. Of course, any kind of review of the year must include the challenges we have faced, including advertising headwinds in Australia and elsewhere. The ability to make confident forecasts is undermined by the erratic patterns that have characterized trading, particularly in print, which is seriously undervalued as a platform by advertisers. Print is a concentrated, intense reading experience with unique affinity in our digitally distracted age. Our professional information business at Dow Jones is still in the process is being recast following a period of difficulty, about which we're being quite frank. Clients are responding favorably to the new product, pitch and pricing. But the development work is not yet done. The rate of decline has certainly eased, but we expect some softness for a quarter or 2. In balancing the opportunities and challenges, we believe there's more upside in the opportunity than downside in the challenge. Our core message is untarnished and unvarnished. We promised that we would work with restless energy on behalf of investors, who understandably expect that creativity is balanced by physical discipline and that the expansion does not just mean an expanding cost base. Despite headwinds, we still experienced significant growth in free cash flow and we showed stable profit margins, demonstrating the strength and diversity of our asset base. We remain focused on driving top line performance and generating sustained and sustainable revenue -- returns for our shareholders. In summary, 1 year into our existence, News Corp is unified by our pursuit of premium content and the building of iconic brands, brands that are potent platforms in a digital age. We understand the deep affinity between those brands and our audiences. That affinity is the nexus of revenue and of profitability. This is a company where calculated risks are taken, instincts followed and objectives pursued with passion, purpose and principle. We are, as our Executive Chairman Rupert Murdoch said on Investor Day, an eclectic and an unconventional company in an age where such attributes hold great value. We remain fully aware of the challenges we face, whether the vagaries of the macroeconomic cycle in the countries where we work, the ebb and flow of advertising and readership rates and the mass media mass migration, which continues to unfold. Those challenges will be met with a focus on costs and on digital and global growth. We are intent upon fashioning an ever more rewarding future for our audiences, our employees and our investors. Now I will turn it over to Bedi to discuss the financials in detail.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, Robert, and good afternoon, everyone. As Robert mentioned, we made strong progress in our first year to further digitize our asset portfolio and improve our market share across several business units. We prudently reduced our cost base and held consolidated adjusted EBITDA margins relatively stable, despite continuing advertising headwinds. For the full year, we reported revenues of $8.6 billion, a 4% decrease versus the prior year. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues were 1% lower than the prior year. We reported full year total segment EBITDA of $770 million, which was a 12% increase versus the prior year. Reported results included costs related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, net of indemnification, which was $72 million for the year. Excluding all acquisitions and divestitures, costs related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted total segment EBITDA was down 2% versus the prior year, and would have being flat, excluding the dual rent costs for the London office. Fiscal 2014 reported EPS were $0.41 versus $0.81 in the prior year, which included a significant nontaxable gain in Other net related to the CMH acquisition and the sale of our ownership interest in SKY Network Television, as well as impairment charges net of taxes. Excluding the impact of all these and other items, our adjusted EPS were $0.46 compared to $0.62 in the prior year. Free cash flow available to News Corp was $365 million, an improvement of $293 million compared to last year. For the fourth quarter, the company reported total revenues of $2.2 billion, a 3% decrease versus the prior year period, and our adjusted revenue declined by 1%. Fiscal fourth quarter total reported segment EBITDA was $127 million, a 2% decrease versus the prior year period. Reported results included $16 million related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters net of indemnification. Our adjusted total segment EBITDA this quarter declined by 7%, but was slightly up excluding $13 million of dual rent and other facility costs, mainly related to our London office relocation. With that as a brief overview, let's look at our fourth quarter performance for our key segments. As you can see, we have now added a new reporting segment, Digital Education, to present Amplify separately, which was previously included in the Other segment. In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter declined $104 million or 6% versus the prior year period. Adjusted segment revenues were down by 5%. Within segment revenues, advertising declined around 9% this quarter, similar to what we had seen in the third quarter. Looking at advertising performance across our key publishing units. At News Corp Australia, advertising revenue declined around 16% or 11% in constant currency for the quarter, a slight improvement from the prior quarter. The biggest improvement came from national advertising, where we also saw some improvement, albeit a smaller magnitude, in retail. At News UK, advertising revenue has declined around 1% or 11% in local currency, fairly similar to last quarter. Vastness [ph] was driven by retail, combined with the decline in broadband and mobile ad spending versus the prior year, partially offset by the late Easter this year. And at The Wall Street Journal, advertising declined low-double digits this quarter, impacted by much tougher year-ago comps and weakness in a few categories, most notably telecom and finance. Total circulation and subscription revenues for the quarter declined around 4%, driven primarily by continued softness in professional information business and Dow Jones, which had a negative $17 million impact to revenues this quarter. This was an improvement, however, versus the third quarter, as we continue to make progress to stabilize trends and retain existing Factiva customers. Total newspaper circulation revenues showed modest growth in local currency, mostly driven by prior quarter subscription and cover price increases at a number of our mastheads. It's worth highlighting, as Robert mentioned, that this quarter we saw volume and revenue growth in local currency at The Times in the U.K. and at The Australian, further tangible evidence that our quality newspapers are benefiting from the migration to digital. At News America Marketing, sales improved 4% versus the prior year period, led by double-digit growth in in-store advertising and modest growth from the FSI business. Segment EBITDA decreased $80 million in the quarter or 38% as compared to the prior year period, and adjusted segment EBITDA was down 34%. Included in segment EBITDA was $11 million related to the relocation of our London operations for dual rent and other facility costs. And we also incurred much higher expenses at News U.K. related to specific marketing initiatives, as I had discussed last quarter. We also had higher severance costs in the U.K. this quarter. In Cable Network Programming, revenue declined $10 million or 7% compared to the prior year quarter due to adverse foreign currency fluctuations. Subscription revenues, which account for over 80% of FOX SPORTS revenues, were flat but grew 6% in local currency, benefiting from higher digital platform subscribers and higher CPI-linked cable and satellite affiliate fees. Advertising revenues declined modestly and were fairly consistent with the prior quarter, impacted by a soft marketplace, combined with the absence of alliance to our rugby tournament in the year-ago quarter. Segment EBITDA in the quarter was flat compared to the prior year. Adjusting the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues were down 2% and adjusted segment EBITDA improved by 11%. In Digital Real Estate Services, revenues increased $22 million or 24% compared to the same quarter last year, reflecting higher pricing and uptake of premium products. Segment EBITDA increased $16 million or 35% compared to the corresponding prior year quarter due to the increased revenue. If you exclude adverse foreign currency impacts, adjusted revenue and adjusted segment EBITDA grew 33% and 41%, respectively. Turning to the Book Publishing segment. Revenues improved 10% and segment EBITDA grew 50% versus the prior year quarter. We continue to see very strong performance from the Divergent series by Veronica Roth, which clearly got a boost from the theatrical release in March and have begun to spread overseas. We sold globally an additional 3.6 million net units of the series this quarter and a total of over 19 million net units for the year. Total e-book net sales for the quarter grew 23%, mainly due to the Divergent series, and accounted for 22% of HarperCollins' consumer revenue, up from 19% in the prior year period. We have, as Robert mentioned, completed the acquisition of Harlequin Enterprises from Torstar Corporation for CAD 455 million. We expect, as we've indicated before, the deal to be accretive to earnings in fiscal 2015 and to improve our free cash flow. We are just now beginning the integration work with Harlequin, and we will update you on our progress over the course of the year. On an annualized basis, we expect Harlequin will contribute revenues in the $320 million to $340 million range, excluding the joint ventures. We haven't yet factored any material synergies in the current fiscal year. We do expect to incur nonrecurring transaction costs of approximately $5 million in fiscal '15. At our Digital Education segment, revenues decreased $7 million compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to lower project-based consulting revenues at Amplify's legacy assessment business, as I had also noted on our last call. Segment EBITDA was negative $53 million and was fairly consistent with the prior year. For the full year, Digital Education EBITDA loss was $193 million. Amplify remains on track to roll out the English Language Arts digital curriculum targeted to grade 6 through 8 for this coming fall. We expect to have approximately 10,000 students for our digital ELA curriculum and 20,000 for our digital math and science supplemental offerings signed up this year. In addition, Amplify will have around 250,000 students signed up for the fall to use its digital hybrid K-5 program known as Core Knowledge Language Arts, which is viewed as a bridge to our broader digital product offerings. And finally, our next-generation tablets, designed in collaboration with Intel, are also on track for a fall rollout with plans to deploy to at least 26,000 students. In our Other segment, which primarily includes corporate overhead and our strategy and creative group, excluding U.K. Newspaper Matter costs, segment EBITDA was negative $49 million compared to negative $76 million allocated in the prior year. With respect to our earnings from affiliates, Foxtel ended the year with around 2.6 million total subscribers, up 6% versus the prior year, driven by higher digital platform subscribers. Cable and satellite churn improved to 12.5% compared to 14.2% in the prior year. Broadcast ARPU rose 1% for the full year, impacted by a February price increase. Foxtel revenues for the year were up 2% on a constant currency basis and EBITDA was up 8% similarly. Turning now to cash flow. News Corp's cash flow from operations improved to $854 million compared to $501 million in the prior year, and free cash flow available to News Corp improved to $365 million compared to $72 million in the prior year. Just a few additional items to note. CapEx for fiscal '14 finished at $379 million, which was in line with our expectations. And included in that CapEx was around $100 million related to costs for the London office relocation and HarperCollins headquarters within Manhattan. On our ongoing cost-savings initiatives. As I've mentioned in past quarters, we have been very focused on reducing the cost base. In the aggregate, we identified over $100 million in annualized cost reductions, most of which we'll realize in fiscal '14. The majority of savings are in distribution and production, including renegotiated paper and ink contracts, closing our divestitures of warehouses and printing plants, reduced software technology spend through aggressive procurement efforts and restructuring of healthcare and pension plans. And we will continue to look at further efficiencies in the coming year. Let me now discuss a few drivers that we see for fiscal 2015. At News and Information Services, we'll be looking to enhance our paywall offerings with planned relaunches across all regions. We will still have the dual facility expenses related to the relocation of the London office in fiscal 2015 of around $25 million. While the professional information business at Dow Jones remains challenged, we do expect stabilization over the course of the year. Advertising remains relatively weak. But our ad sales teams are cautiously optimistic, and we hope for improvement. We expected continued strong performance at News America Marketing, led by in-store advertising. At Cable Networks, programming costs should be up only modestly given the few additional events this year, including the Asian Cup in January and the Cricket World Cup in February, March. And we have no major rights renewals coming up this year. At Book Publishing, given the huge success of Divergent last year, at this point we do expect HarperCollins to face tougher comps, particularly in the second half of fiscal '15, before reflecting performance from the Harlequin acquisition. At Digital Real Estate, we expect continued strong performance, benefiting from favorable secular trends and high ROI to the agents. At Digital Education, the focus will remain to broaden its curriculum and drive further sales adoption. Given that the curriculum is now in the commercial rollout phase, we will begin capitalizing some of the content development costs. We expect to capitalize $60 million in fiscal 2015 related to ELA, and that EBITDA will improve by at least this amount. We expect, however, our total cash investments spent at Amplify to be relatively similar in fiscal '15 as it was in fiscal '14. Corporate overhead and creative and strategy group will likely spend similar levels to fiscal '14, in a range of $160 million to $180 million. Finally, CapEx for fiscal '15 should be around $400 million, including the additional $60 million capitalized software costs at Amplify, as well as around $70 million in the U.K. to complete the London office relocation. So in summary, fiscal 2014 was a very busy year for News Corp, and we balanced ongoing operational efficiencies with prudent investments and strategic acquisitions to expand our global footprint and digital offerings. We remain steadfast on stabilizing top line performance and look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. And with that, let me turn it back to the operator for Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our next question from John Janedis at Jefferies.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Bedi, now that you've been public for a year, can you give us your current views on return of capital given your free cash flow generation last year? And then on news segments, the decline in EBITDA, at least in the fourth quarter, was a bit more than what I would've expected. Are those marketing initiatives going to step down in the next quarter or 2? And are you starting to run out of leverage to pull on the cost front?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, John. Let me just start by addressing the fourth quarter. Clearly, as we had also mentioned in the third quarter, we expected to see additional marketing costs in London, which indeed did come through, and ones viewed [ph] that they will be beneficial to us in terms of revenue in the quarters to come. The London relocation, obviously, was also an extra expense in that quarter. And the professional information business at Dow Jones was also soft. So I think that gives you a sense of the kind of impact those things had in Q4. With respect to your earlier question, I think the way to think about it is we're still very focused on making sure that the business is stabilized, especially in News and Information Services. And we look to additional investments and smart, strategic and disciplined acquisitions, clearly with a view to generating long-term shareholder value per share, which remains kind of our mantra.
Operator: Our next question comes from Entcho Raykovski at Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question is around Amplify. And you've obviously provided some guidance there into fiscal '15. Is that contingent on targets being met throughout the year? Or are you feeling it's too early in the performance of the business necessarily to be setting targets?
Robert J. Thomson: It's Robert here. To be honest, it's little early in the business to be setting targets. But what we're focused on is the development of the curriculum. That's the key part of the investment that we've undertaken at Amplify. And we said to you 18 months ago, that in 18 months, we would have a much clearer indication of the trajectory of the business. And I think it's fair to say now that we are getting a sense of that. And we still hold ourselves to that deadline. And so as the business unfolds over the next 12 months, we'll be keeping you updated about sales, about sales patterns and about the substance of the business.
Bedi Ajay Singh: And if I can just add to that. Clearly, ELA was the sort of production effort and now it's gone to market. But we still have a lot of production effort behind math and science, which will continue in 2015. And sales for those products will start at the end of 2015.
Robert J. Thomson: It's a significant investment, but it's clearly a significant opportunity.
Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And sorry, if I could just follow up. In the coming few months, so do you have specific student targets that you do need to reach? Are you prepared to disclose those?
Robert J. Thomson: Look, we don't have specific targets. This business, as you can understand, is evolving. It's in the early stage of the evolution. It's evolving quickly. And as we pass key metrics, we'll pass those metrics onto you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Diddams with Citi.
Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a question on the News Information Services business. Given we enter FY '15 with what's potentially a continuation of these advertising declines, do you think there's scope again in FY '15 to cut the same amount of cost out of the cost base? Otherwise, we probably need to put in an EBITDA number much lower for this year if you're not able to cut those costs. I just wanted to clarify that it was $100 million spend from the office move in the U.K.?
Bedi Ajay Singh: So in terms of CapEx that we spent in the London building, that was -- in fiscal '14, it was $75 million of capital expenditure. And we expect somewhere in that sort of region in fiscal '15 as well, just to fit out the building completely. People have started moving in, but not all the floors are occupied.
Robert J. Thomson: Justin, under your question about cost and advertising trends. First of all, on costs, clearly, we're -- because of the concentration and new focus of the new News, we are finding opportunities to consolidate and to cut costs. And that, frankly, is not going to stop. And that's separate from trends in the advertising revenue, which clearly, the winds have been buffeting. But what we're seeing really are different circumstances in different regions. And it's -- at the moment, there are indications that the rate of decline has declined in Australia. There are green shoots on a nullable [ph] plane. And part of that is great work by our team in Australia. We focused on local advertising, and local advertising revenue trajectory has changed in Australia. The national market is different, but there'll be an increasing focus on that as well. And that's a great tribute to Julian Clarke and Peter Tonagh and our advertising team in Australia. At Dow Jones and The Wall Street Journal, it clearly was a quarter of decline. But as we look forward a little bit, you'll see that, for example, WSJ magazine, which didn't exist when News Corp took over Dow Jones, in September it will have 2 issues. One of them a record amount of revenue. You can count the pages for yourself. Meanwhile in the U.K. in the last quarter, clearly there was some marketing spend. I know companies like to blame the World Cup for all sort of ailments, but it was clear that if England had progressed beyond the group stage in Brazil that advertising would've picked up. There would've been momentum. But it's also fair to say that the England team failed to exceed low expectations.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Morris at Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: With respect to The Wall Street Journal and the value of the content, the fact that I think it's must-have-access-to for most business professionals, could you talk a little bit about the pricing power there? How you look at pulling levers on pricing and the risk domestically? And also, when you look at that brand outside the U.S, where do you think you are in fully leveraging the brands and content and what's -- what can we be looking for there in the future?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, I think it's fair to say that we haven't fully leveraged the brand and that Will Lewis, who's been doing a marvelous job since he took the helm, is looking not only overseas opportunity, but what more, to your point, can be done to leverage and take advantage of the necessity that many people have to read Wall Street Journal content, but also looking at different platforms for delivery of that content. And over the period since the News Corp acquisition, we've been seeing strong year-after-year growth in circulation revenue. And there's no reason for that not to continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani at JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: When you look at the Book Publishing business, which has clearly been an outperformer for some time here, and you look at the -- a book like Divergent, which is a multiple part -- there's several books in this series, how long does -- how long of a tail does that typically have? I mean, I know you mentioned more challenging comps in the back half of your fiscal year. But for the next couple of quarters, can we continue to benefit from this series or have we already played it through a bit?
Robert J. Thomson: Look, it's a little difficult to forecast. I need better [ph] soothsayers. And it is -- it's a blockbuster. Well for example, there are variables that may have an efficacious impact, such as the release of the second movie in the trilogy, which is scheduled for the spring. So it's a -- we're -- at the moment, it's fair to say that we're still seeing benefits.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Arthur at Evercore.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Robert, you alluded to a sort of stepped-up or accelerated rollout of digital content in the News and Information group given the success of the Sun+. And I mean, that's not a new strategy. But in terms of this marketing spend, as you do similar efforts in Australia, perhaps more stepped up in the U.S., are we likely to see the marketing spend line go up as a result, in line with this effort?
Robert J. Thomson: To be honest, Doug, I wouldn't draw too many conclusions -- long-term conclusions from the last quarter. I think one of the advantages we have as a company now is that we learn from experiences in different places. The executives in London, Sydney and New York are constantly talking about efficient marketing spend. And so that focus is enabling us to, generally, over the longer term, keep the marketing spend to the minimum necessary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber at Huber Research Partners.
Craig A. Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC: My first line of question, please. What was the cash level on your balance sheet at the end of the quarter? And also, what is holding you guys back from buying stock and/or putting in place a quarterly dividend? I have a follow-on.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So our cash balance at the end of the quarter and, obviously, the fiscal year, was $3.1 billion. Anyway, in terms of how we think about deploying the cash, as we've said before, we're very focused on making sure that we are doing smart strategic acquisitions, that we make sure the top line is getting stabilized. We make internal investments in projects such as BallBall. So that's really the front line focus to make sure we build long-term shareholder value at the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Alexander at Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question on Dow Jones' Institutional business. It's obviously been a drag for FY '14. You mentioned that you've seen some stabilization. I'm just wondering if you could give some color around what's the key area of customer pushback there and how you're going about addressing that?
Robert J. Thomson: To be frank, the key area of push back was in Factiva, where we had changed the offering in a way that, to be honest, some of the clients found unacceptable. And so what we've done, we've listened to our clients. We've perfected the product -- the pitch and the pricing, and we're starting to see some positive feedback there.
Operator: We'll take your next question from Eric Katz at Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: With regard to the investment REA Group made in Southeast Asia, can you tell us a little bit more about that asset and if you think it can move the needle in the segment off already strong growth rates? And then secondly, foreign currency has been a big headwind for you in fiscal '14, but it seems like it could lapping some of those comps. So do you feel like you may have a bit of a tailwind now in fiscal '15 as you lap that?
Bedi Ajay Singh: It's hard to ensure predict on foreign currencies. But yes, I think, generally speaking, shouldn't be as unfavorable as we saw in 2014. Are you asking about the iProperty acquisition? Sorry, I didn't get the first part of the question.
Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So we've taken a small stake in iProperty. I think we've disclosed it's 17% or 17.5%. It's really REA that's done that. And I think it's part of their stated objective of expanding outside sort of Australia, but near to Australia in a sense, so that you have the ability to monitor what's going on in the region that's close by. We'll have a board seat on that company, for that investment. And I think we'll help them and encourage them to grow. There may be cross-platform opportunities with other things we're doing in the region, such as with SEEK Asia or with BallBall, which we haven't fully exploited yet.
Robert J. Thomson: I think it's fair to say at the Investor Day, we indicated that we would increase our presence in East Asia and frankly, in the U.S. We're keeping that promise. As Bedi said, it's a relatively small, at this stage, investment. But it's a small investment in a fast-growing region.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Alice Bennett at CBA.
Alice Bennett - Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Research Division: Just -- I have a question around FOX SPORTS. Maybe just a bit of a clarification. So did you say that total local currency revenue was down 2% but subscription, up 6%? And if that's the case, what drags down? Was it just advertising or was there something else that drags the total revenue down to that negative territory?
Bedi Ajay Singh: I think the reported numbers were dragged down by foreign currency. But I think local currency, we were up.
Alice Bennett - Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Research Division: Okay. So is that the adjusted number in the...
Bedi Ajay Singh: Yes. Adjusted -- we've adjusted for -- sorry, yes, for currency.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue.
Michael Florin: Okay. Well, thank you, all, for participating, and we look forward to sharing with you our progress throughout the year. Have a good night.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-05-08 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert J. Thomson - Chief Executive Officer and Director Bedi Ajay Singh - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Fraser McLeish - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Craig A. Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sacha Krien - CLSA Limited, Research Division Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Alice Bennett - Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corporation Third Quarter Investors Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release over an hour ago. It's now posted on our website at newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended March 31, 2014 identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that, I will pass over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert J. Thomson: Thank you, Mike. We are nearing our first birthday as the new News, and young though we are, the group companies have made significant progress on the strategy outlined to you at the Investor Day, ahead of the company's launch. We surely have much toil ahead but are patiently building a robust platform for the company and for the future. Our guidance then was that the 2 profound trends of our time, with globalization and digitization, and that we would pursue them with purpose and passion. In the past month alone, we launched a series of initiatives to realize that stated ambition. We announced our intention to acquire Harlequin Enterprises, which will give HarperCollins and the broader company vastly expanded digital and global reach. While 99% of HarperCollins books are published in English, Harlequin books are published in 34 languages, and 40% of its revenues come from books published in languages other than English. That expertise will be crucial as we build our book business but also essential as we seek to create a network effect for complementary content sites globally. Storyful, a social news agency and first acquisition, struck a landmark agreement to power Facebook's new Newswire, providing eloquent evidence of its ability to identify valuable content amidst the sea of material on the web, sifting the meritorious from the mediocre and the factual from the faux. Within News Corp, we envisage that through Storyful, we can create video verticals around content communities, ranging from science fiction fans at HarperCollins to soccer fans in London. BallBall, our fledgling East Asian soccer platform, which has exclusive mobile and digital rights to European league video highlights, announced a partnership with Vietnam's leading private media company while expanding exponentially its audience there and in Japan and Indonesia, hitting a record 1.4 million unique visitors in the month of April alone, solely from social and viral marketing. That gives you a snapshot of some of the activity within the company, which is building on its proud heritage of brands and businesses and launching ventures that extend our expertise in the world's fastest-growing regions. It is certainly true that macroeconomic growth is uneven in our core established markets, with the U.K. on the road to recovery, Australia somewhat volatile, with much attention now being paid to long-term public sector deficits, and the U.S. growing again after a frosty first couple of months but expanding at a pace less than the ideal rate. For News Corp, for the quarter just finished, and excluding currency volatility and adjustments for other items, our revenues were relatively flat, while our profitability and free cash flow both expanded. Specifically, our third quarter earnings showed total segment EBITDA of $175 million, a 4% increase over the prior year, and free cash flow available to News Corp for the first 9 months was $496 million, a $362 million improvement over the preceding year. These favorable results come despite obvious challenges at a couple of our companies and an advertising market that remains unpredictable. Clearly one direct consequence of the Harlequin acquisition will be to reduce our dependence on advertising and create a steadier revenue stream for our content. Our Australian newspapers are challenged, having again seen a decline in advertising, but they did pass a landmark of 200,000 digital subscribers in the past week. The digital strategy in Australia has been recast in recent months. Indeed, many of our websites were relaunched last week. Our aim is to strengthen ties with local communities and develop far closer relations with local advertisers. Julian Clarke and his able team in Australia are fully cognizant of the scope of the challenge and are working ceaselessly to turn around the trend lines. Meanwhile, at Dow Jones, where we had obvious difficulties with our business-to-business offering, the team has started to stabilize the institutional revenue and refined our product and pitch. Their exertions have already begun to take effect. While this is an investor call, you should also regard it as something of a sales call because many of you are in the target audience for the new offerings. Today, we announced Will Lewis' promotion from interim to permanent Chief Executive of Dow Jones, in recognition of the focus and the energy he's brought to the task. We still have much labor ahead, but Will is confident in the quality of the Dow Jones team and the potential of The Wall Street Journal and our other premium products, including our risk and compliance offerings. Our overall results indicate that while many of our companies are complementary, there is enough diversity in the portfolio for us to counter softness in 1 sector, with growth elsewhere. For example, among the highlights of the third quarter, which Bedi will illuminate at more length shortly, was HarperCollins, which had another buoyant quarter, with revenues up 14% and e-book sales 46% higher. The Divergent series, which has sold over 17 million units worldwide to date, was and is an important contributor to that success. They're not the only star in the HarperCollins firmament. There is no doubt that Book Publishing is transitioning successfully to digital, and we are confident that the extra scale, which will come from the Harlequin acquisition, will be a benefit to the company and to investors. But Harlequin is more than just a publishing asset, as it will provide us with infrastructure in 11 countries and a subtle understanding of the culture in many others. We will be able to leverage this network, whether it be the translation assets, the distribution platform or the cultural intelligence in a manner that will benefit much of the group. There is an opportunity to use the library in developing digital subscription products for our papers in the U.K. and Australia. It does not take much imagination to see how a subscriber could indicate an interest in a particular genre, allowing us to offer titles as part of a membership package but also suggesting further titles to increase sales at HarperCollins. There is no doubt that we must construct our own distribution platforms. One of the more damaging trends for content creators has been the increasing share taken by third-party distributors who have no interest in the act of or the cost of creation. Apart from these tangible long-term benefits, we expect Harlequin will be accretive to earnings and improve our cherished free cash flow. One other area where we have experienced significant growth in the quarter was REA, the Australian Digital Real Estate business in which we have a 61.6% stake. Revenues were 19% higher in the quarter, and EBITDA rose 29%. In local currency, those figures were much higher and have been accelerated. REA also has the leading site in Italy, casa.it. And it is obvious from the collective purpose in this company, which I visited recently, that the REA template can be exported, but we need to be careful and committed in our execution. Meanwhile, at News America Marketing, we saw particularly welcome growth in in-store advertising. While some companies are focused on the point-of-sale, we are benefiting from our strength at the point-of-purchase and are mutually beneficial relationships with manufacturers and retailers. Advertising is uneven elsewhere in our business, but a physical presence is meaningful even in the digital age. The softness in the Australian advertising market had an impact on revenues at FOX SPORTS, but overall, our top line performance was solid and profitability strong in local currency. Foxtel, in which we have a 50% stake and which acts as a funnel for FOX SPORTS, saw operating income increase in the 3 months. More generally, on advertising, without consulting a soothsayer and personally lacking in prescience, we are cautiously optimistic, but Australia clearly remains a challenge. Our Australian teams are about to embark on a fresh campaign to show the value of our platforms, including the potency of print to advertisers. In a world, the e-ephemeral [ph], the affinity and intensity that comes from a trusted brand and a deep reader relationship are currently undervalued assets. That reader relationship affords us pricing power, and so over the course of the year, we have raised prices at many of our mastheads in Australia and at The Times and the weekend editions of The Sun in the U.K. and The Wall Street Journal. In constant currency, our circulation revenue rose in the U.K., Australia and the U.S. We are continuing to refine our newspaper apps with, for example, enhancements made to the Australian newspaper app, leading to an increase in average time spent from 4 minutes to more than 13 minutes, and we are working to increase that engagement. At Amplify, we're excited by the launch of our new middle school digital English Language Arts curriculum. By later this year, we expect to be able to talk about our implementation efforts at schools that will be using our curriculum. We have known from the beginning that moving from the old way of doing things to a new, more rigorous and engaging way cannot be done overnight. So we have 2 main goals for next year: start with a limited number of users and allow our results to help us stand apart from the competition. Amplify represents a truly contemporary approach to education, empowering teachers and parents and providing students with compelling lessons. The curriculum is common core compliant and more broadly designed for this generation and the next. We firmly believe and expect that the efficacy of our curriculum will help facilitate fundamental improvement in student outcomes and, in turn, drive market penetration. Finally, one consistent theme throughout the company over the quarter, a theme evident in the results, is cost discipline. Whether it be at head office, in London or in Australia, our teams have been cost-conscious, a quality reflected in a 7% reduction in operating expenses in the third quarter, which itself played a significant role in the stark improvement in our EBITDA. The other abiding theme is that our distinctive portfolio of companies has given us a robustness that distinguishes us from other traditional media companies. Our early e-expansion projects have clearly shown promise, and we will be building on that progress in the coming quarters, rolling out new products and incubating new businesses, building our customer base and serving our investors around the world. The journey is just beginning. Now, I hand you over to Bedi, our CFO, for the financial exegesis.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, Robert, and good afternoon, everyone. First, I'll give you some high-level financial highlights, and then we will discuss each segment in further detail. We reported fiscal 2014 third quarter total revenues of $2.1 billion, a 5% decrease versus the prior year period. However, if you exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted revenues were flat with the prior year, and as Mike Florin mentioned, the earnings release includes the reconciliation to reflect these adjustments. Turning to EBITDA. We reported total segment EBITDA of $175 million, which was a 4% increase versus the prior year period. Again, excluding all acquisitions and divestitures, the costs related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, which were $20 million net of indemnification this quarter, and foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted total segment EBITDA improved by 3%. Adjusted EPS were $0.11 compared to $0.13 in the prior year, and reported EPS were $0.08 versus $0.56 in the prior period, which included a significant nontaxable gain in other net, which was related to the sale of our ownership interest in SKY Network Television in New Zealand. Free cash flow available to News Corp for the first 9 months was $496 million, an improvement of $362 million compared to the prior year. And as noted by Robert, our results demonstrate effective portfolio diversification, with a healthy mix of advertising, content sales and recurring circulation and subscription revenues. While we have faced some headwinds this quarter, particularly in print advertising, we were still able to post strong EBITDA and free cash flow available to News Corp, thanks to the strong performances at HarperCollins, REA, FOX SPORTS Australia and in-store advertising at News America Marketing, coupled with our continued focus on cost management. With that as an overview, let’s turn to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues declined $143 million or 9% versus the prior year. Australia accounted for $103 million or approximately 70% of that segment decline, with the majority of the decline due to foreign currency fluctuations. However, adjusted segment revenue declined 4%, consistent with the second quarter. Within segment revenues, advertising declined around 10% this quarter, also relatively consistent with the prior quarter. Looking at advertising performance across our key publishing units, at News Corp Australia, ad revenues declined 24% or mid-teens in local currency, and we saw further softness this quarter in national and retail, partially offset by some improvements in real estate. At News U.K., advertising revenues declined 3% or high single digits in local currency versus the prior year, with the Easter shift having a modest negative impact. We were also impacted there by weakness in retail, most notably, the grocers. And at The Wall Street Journal, advertising revenues were down mid-single digits in the quarter, fairly consistent with the prior quarter. We continue to see pressure on advertising, and broadly speaking, bookings remain very short and volatile on a week-to-week basis. Circulation and subscription revenues declined around 5%, driven primarily by continued decline in institutional sales at Dow Jones, which had a negative $20 million impact to revenues this quarter. At our consumer businesses, we benefited from cover price increases of The Sun and The Times in the U.K. and several of our Australian mastheads, plus higher subscription pricing at The Wall Street Journal. Consequently, in local currency, we saw circulation revenue growth this quarter at The Wall Street Journal, News U.K. and in Australia. It's also worth noting that in April, The Wall Street Journal increased subscription pricing for new customers by an additional $2 per month for both its digital-only and print digital bundle after a 4-week promotional period. At News America Marketing, sales improved 4% versus last year, led by in-store advertising, which rose more than 20% and more than offset modest declines from free-standing insert advertising. Total costs for News and Information Services were down 8% or approximately $120 million this quarter. We continue to benefit from lower headcount as we realized some savings from prior year restructurings and lower newsprint and production costs. These savings were partially offset by a $10 million increase related to the relocation of our London operations, which as I mentioned in the last call, was mostly noncash related to due rent and other facility-related costs. Segment EBITDA decreased $20 million in the quarter or 12% as compared to the prior year, and adjusted segment EBITDA was down 11%. However, excluding costs related to the relocation of our London operations, the decline in adjusted segment EBITDA was a modest 5%. Turning to Cable Network Programming. Revenue declined 12% -- $12 million or 10% compared to the prior year due to adverse foreign currency fluctuations. We also saw higher digital platform subscribers and increased affiliate pricing in the quarter. Subscription revenues, which accounted for 85% of FOX SPORTS revenues this quarter, grew 6% in local currency, benefiting from higher digital platform subscribers and higher CPI-linked cable and satellite affiliate fees. FOX SPORTS Australia advertising revenue declined modestly, impacted by the absence of domestic cricket rights and a generally weaker ad subscription TV marketplace this quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuation, adjusted revenues increased 5%. Segment EBITDA in the quarter increased $2 million or 8% compared to the prior year, driven by lower programming costs, which were impacted again by the absence of domestic cricket rights compared to the prior year. If you exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, adjusted segment EBITDA increased 24%. In Digital Real Estate Services, revenues increased $16 million or 19% compared to last year, reflecting higher pricing and uptake of premium products. Segment EBITDA increased $12 million or 29% compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to the increased revenue. Excluding adverse foreign currency impact, adjusted revenue and adjusted segment EBITDA grew 36% and 49%, respectively, both accelerating from the prior quarter. Margins in local currency expanded 500 basis points to 53% from around 48% last year. Turning to the Book Publishing segment. Revenues improved 14%, and EBITDA grew over 80% versus the prior year. Excluding divestitures, primarily the sale of our Live Events business, adjusted revenues were up 15%, and adjusted segment EBITDA improved by 77%. This was obviously an unusual growth quarter, with very strong performance from the Divergent series by Veronica Roth, which clearly got a boost from the theatrical release in March. We sold a total of over 8 million net units of the series this quarter, on top of the 5 million net units sold last quarter, with a high proportion of these as e-books. Total e-book net sales for the quarter grew 46% versus the prior year and accounted for 26% for total HarperCollins revenue, up from 21% in the prior year period. We have, as Robert mentioned, announced plans last week to acquire Harlequin Enterprises from Torstar Corporation for CAD 455 million, approximately USD 415 million, which we believe is a unique opportunity for HarperCollins to significantly broaden its global footprint, strengthen the key content vertical and expand its backlist while importantly improving our financial profile. We expect this deal to be accretive to earnings from day 1 and improve our free cash flow. At this point, we would expect the deal to close by the end of this calendar third quarter, pending regulatory approvals, approval by Torstar's Class A shareholders and other customary closing conditions. In our Other segment, revenues decreased $6 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to lower project-based consulting revenues at Amplify's legacy assessment business, coupled with divestitures of certain of the company's non-core Australia businesses during fiscal '13. At Amplify, we remain on track to roll out our English Language Arts digital curriculum for this coming fall, which we unveiled at South by Southwest in March, and our sales force is now meeting with school districts in major U.S. markets. We also announced plans to roll out new tablets in collaboration with Intel, including a new and expanded agreement with Guilford County Schools in North Carolina, starting in the fall of this year. Other segment EBITDA in the quarter declined by $12 million, primarily due to higher investment spending at Amplify and corporate costs compared to the allocated basis used in the prior year quarter. Also in the quarter, U.K. Newspaper Matters net impact on total segment EBITDA declined to $20 million from $34 million in the prior year. Again, that's net pretax costs after the indemnification from 21st Century Fox. Turning to equity income. Earnings from affiliates were $23 million compared to $27 million in the prior year. The lower contribution primarily reflects the absence of the company's 44% stake in SKY Network Television, which was sold in March 2013, and the adverse impact of foreign currency. Foxtel ended the quarter with around 2.6 million total subscribers, up 5% versus the prior year, driven by higher digital platform subscribers. Cable and satellite churn improved to 13.1% compared to 14.9% in the prior year. Turning to cash flow for the 9 months ended March 31, 2014. News Corp's cash flow from operations improved to $803 million compared to $420 million in the prior year, and free cash flow available improved to $496 million from $134 million, as I mentioned previously. Just a few additional items. We continue to expect full year CapEx to be relatively similar to the FY '12 level of $375 million. CapEx this quarter was $97 million versus $86 million last year. Restructuring costs were down again significantly this quarter at $10 million, of which $6 million was related to the News and Information Services segment, compared to $54 million in the prior year. We continue to look at G&A cost reductions across the company, and this quarter, we negotiated over $10 million in annual savings from new technology, hardware, software and office service contracts. Over $5 million from new corporate airline and credit card deals, and we continue to look at consolidation of our print plants, warehouses and office facilities to improve efficiencies. In February, we announced that we plan to contribute around $50 million to our existing investment in SEEK Asia for its acquisition of JobStreet, as it significantly expands its online employment market share across Southeast Asia. Our ownership will remain at 12%. Subsequent to the year end, we also sold 850,000 shares in The Rubicon Project during its initial public offering, which generated about $12 million in proceeds for us. We still maintain about a 14% stake in Rubicon, and the company remains an important partner for us. So in summary, as I've said in past calls, our key focus in fiscal 2014 continues to be to stabilize the top line while managing our cost base and prudently investing in the business. I think this quarter showed progress as we remained vigilant on costs in the face of still challenging ad trends, particularly in Australia. We talked in the past about appropriately pricing our content, and we have selectively raised either cover prices or subscription pricing across a number of our mastheads. We also expect to see additional investments in our digital products, as well as marketing efforts in the fourth quarter. We're very pleased by the performance we're seeing in Book Publishing and are really excited about our announced plans to acquire Harlequin, which is both a great strategic fit and fiscally very attractive. We remain laser-focused on strengthening our asset base and continue to be balanced between reinvestments and cost discipline as we better position News Corp for sustained growth. So with that, let me turn back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on something you mentioned on the call. This book publishing subscription model, is that something that will be rolled out in the next year? Can you give us any color on what you're thinking of charging? And would it be a Harlequin-type -- like romance? What are the genres that you're thinking of? And then the second question is on Amplify. Can you give us any more clarity on sort of key benchmarks, like adoptions or anything we can look -- timing of what we can look for, for some progress?
Robert J. Thomson: Thanks for the question. There are 2 different types of subscriptions that we're referring to. One is a book subscription offering, where we have partnerships with companies such as Scribd and Oyster. The subscription offering that I was specifically referring to was the development of our plus programs, whether it's Times+ or Sun+ and similar plus programs in Australia built around newspaper offerings. They would have both digital access and us providing access to audiences to discounts and so on. And you could certainly imagine for many of our papers that the Harlequin catalog would be a very suitable offering, both to, as we're intending to do, bringing the back catalog front and center but also provide a platform for further Harlequin sales.
Bedi Ajay Singh: And, Jessica, on your question on Amplify, I mean, as I said, the sales force is out there right now in all the major markets. I think we would expect to see some sort of contracts emerging before the summer, during the summer, as the new school year will be starting in September. That would be the expectation.
Operator: Our next question is from Fraser McLeish with Crédit Suisse.
Fraser McLeish - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just -- you gave some numbers on digital subscribers in Australia. I was just wondering if you'd be able to give us an update on digital subscribers around your other newspaper properties. And also, just -- could you -- just a housekeeping one. Could you tell us where Foxtel's debt stands at the moment, please?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, to be honest, we're not breaking out all of our digital numbers, and it's not necessarily a like-for-like comparison. What we are seeing is a good digital growth at The Times of London, where net-net, paying customers are on the rise. That's a combination of print and digital. We're at the early stage of the Sun+ digital offering. And the next phase, the next iteration of that, really, will come with the upcoming football season in the U.K. And at the New York Post, we've seen a doubling of digital usage, but that's, at the moment, to a free site, since the site itself was redesigned about 6, 7 months ago. And we continue to see a robust digital growth at The Wall Street Journal. That's a quick sum-up for you, but you have to be careful because, clearly, there are some free offerings in the numbers, as well as paid-for numbers. But what we're seeing generally is confidence around the globe at our properties in the future of digital.
Bedi Ajay Singh: And, Fraser, just on your question relating to Foxtel, obviously, as you guys know, Foxtel is not consolidated, but we do give separate financial data for that at the end of the year. For the last balance sheet, they had approximately $3 billion of debt, of which $2.2 billion is third-party debt and about $800 million was shareholder loans, which were equally split between Telstra and ourselves.
Michael Florin: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: We'll hear next from Alan Gould with Evercore.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I've got a question regarding Amplify. It seems like the losses are running a little bit less than we might have anticipated. Do you still see yourself having Amplify cost $160 million to $180 million this year?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Alan, yes, I think they're running kind of where we expected they would be running, and I think for the year, it will be somewhere around the $180 million sort of that sort of level of investment.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: How much was it this quarter?
Bedi Ajay Singh: It was about $44 million, I think, this quarter.
Operator: Next is Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is on the strength we saw in the Book Publishing business in the quarter. I guess is there any color you can give us on how we should think about the outlook for revenue growth there? I mean, how long does a popular book like Divergent typically continue to drive growth? And given the younger demographic skew of that book, does it help your digital subscription model there?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, it's -- obviously, it's inappropriate to forecast. However, what we can say is that, clearly, there's a strong digital component to the Divergent offering, where e-book growth was up 46%. Revenues -- our e-book penetration itself rose from 21% to 26%, and clearly, with digital, the contribution margin of digital is around 75% versus 40% for hardcover and 60% for paper. But more broadly, without being specific about any sort of forecast, clearly, Brian Murray and the team at HarperCollins have some follow-up books related to the Divergent series early in the next financial year, and there will be a series of Divergent-related movies, which I understand the next one is slated for spring of next year.
Operator: Next is Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question is around the Harlequin acquisition. I was just wondering if you can provide some milestones for the acquisition, the stage at which it gets to grow. And obviously, that business seems to have been pretty challenged over the last couple of years. And I just wanted to understand why the e-book segment has been so challenged at Harlequin, whereas HarperCollins has been growing very strongly.
Robert J. Thomson: I'm not sure it's fair to say that the e-book segment has been challenged for Harlequin. In a sense, it's selling about 40% of its books digitally in the U.S., so it has a quite sophisticated platform. What we see in Harlequin is an opportunity not only to develop the Harlequin offerings, which as I outlined earlier do have some complementarity with our popular papers but, more importantly, to develop our HarperCollins offerings. Because HarperCollins, 99% of the books are published in English. With Harlequin, you get 34 languages. And for us, it was always going to be a question of build versus buy to build out our global infrastructure. But -- and clearly, Harlequin was a great opportunity. You're getting institutional intelligence and understanding of those markets and, frankly, something else, which is a little more abstract, the social capital. These types of books have an editorial empathy that you need to connect with different cultures. So all of those characteristics of Harlequin were attractive to us and so was the price.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Diddams with Citi.
Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just have a question for Robert. The Australian newspaper business has been hit pretty hard. I mean, I think it would be described as nothing short of violent, the change in advertising, momentum for newspapers in Australia. And, Robert, I just wanted to get your view onto why advertisers in the Australian market had turned on newspapers and when you think that we will reach the bottom in this sort of fairly aggressive decline in revenue momentum.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, look, I think forecasting, obviously, is inappropriate. What I can say is that newspapers are oversold. Newspapers are a very powerful platform, and I think there's a certain fatalism at other media companies in Australia that may have infected the perception of papers. But we're very proud of our papers. And I think what will become more clearly understood over time is the relative power of print in a digital world, where you literally cannot multitask if you are reading a newspaper. And to a certain extent, what you're seeing in Australia is a lagging of a trend that was profound in the U.S. and U.K. in recent years. Each newspaper market is different. You have a cauldron of competition in London, which obviously expedited some of the competitive challenges not only among other papers but platforms. And so in Australia, you are now seeing that trend writ [ph] large. But I do think that there'll be a reconsideration of the value of print in the next year or so because it's a platform that we know can deliver results to advertisers. And we'll be doing our best with the Australian team over the coming months to prove that point.
Operator: We'll hear next from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: My question is about the B2B offering from Dow Jones. Can you describe the changes that you made to the product and how that better exploits your competitive advantage? And also just remind us, your target audience there. Is it individuals or businesses that are using existing services? Are you trying to expand the market for the type of product?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, broadly speaking, we've adjusted the product, we've adjusted the pitch and we've adjusted the pricing to suit our customers' needs. What Will Lewis and the team have done in the last few months is go out and, frankly, talk to customers and find out what they want for us. I think broadly defined, there are 2 sectors, there's the B2B sector, the high-end finance, high-end corporate, what you would call a B2P segment, which is Business to Professional, which is separate to the B2C of The Wall Street Journal. And so the team are working up strategies in both. Some of the -- about 4 weeks ago, some fundamental changes were made to Tractiva [ph] to make it more user-friendly. You are able to bookmark more articles, the search was improved. But you have to see these improvements as iterative -- we will go on improving the product. What we've found is that our customer base has welcomed the changes, and it's now up to our sales staff and our product team to continue to pitch and to continue to sell.
Operator: Next is Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig A. Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC: My questions had to do with Foxtel, please. In the quarter, adjusting for currency, can you please give us what the revenue percent change was year-over-year, operating profit and also EBITDA, please?
Bedi Ajay Singh: The revenues were up kind of in the low single digits, and the operating income, I think we reported was higher. We took some price increases at Foxtel in February. So I think that sort of is the financial picture there.
Craig A. Huber - Huber Research Partners, LLC: When you say higher, what do you mean? Can you quantify that at all for operating income?
Bedi Ajay Singh: We're not giving out a specific number, but if you look at the...
Robert J. Thomson: Look at the press release.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Press release.
Operator: Next is Adam Alexander with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Robert, you talked a bit on the call about pushing cover pricing and subscription pricing across the masthead, and it seems to be doing quite well. Still seems to be a fair bit of a gap though between what you charge for Wall Street Journal and some of your competitors. Given the characteristics of your rata base, what plans do you have to sort of close that gap over time?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, I think the 2 key things to bear in mind is affinity and intensity. And affinity and intensity in relationships with both readers and advertisers, which is -- while not only as a source of circulation revenue but as source of advertising revenue newspapers, remain a powerful platform. Clearly, we will be looking at pricing both print and digital. And print and digital bundled at The Wall Street Journal, it's a great product. It's improving all the time. The other area that we'll be looking at, obviously, is global, where only 20% of our audience at the moment is outside the U.S. Clearly, given the character of the content, there is a great opportunity for us to take advantage of that.
Operator: Our next question is from Sacha Krien with CLSA.
Sacha Krien - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I've just got a question on the economics of the Book Publishing segment. In your Investor Day presentation, you presented unit economics for hardcover versus e-books. And the price you had in there for e-books was $14.99, and I think royalties of about $2.60. Can you give us an idea of how this has been changing or trending since the Investor Day presentation and where you see it going, going forward?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Actually, those haven't changed that much. And I think the margins that we were looking at are still around 75% for e-books versus 40% for hardcover and 60% for paper. So it's been pretty consistent with what we reported.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So when the spin from Fox was first being discussed, there was the thought by most investors that the reason for the spin was to allow News Corp to purchase newspaper assets and expand that business. But now we see your biggest acquisition, thus far, is a book publisher, and there's been some complementary acquisitions that seemed to bolster the current newspaper assets. So can you frame the M&A strategy for us at this point in time? Should we expect some newspaper M&A or you're looking to diversify even more?
Robert J. Thomson: I think it's fair to say that the 2 guiding trends of strategy, generally, are globalization and digitization. You've seen that with the first acquisition, Storyful, which has been very well-received both from an editorial perspective, but not just for our newspapers, from our digital sites, particularly, but also from a commercial perspective because Storyful will be able to create content communities around products and companies, and I think you'll see some of that in coming months. So we said during the Investor Day, globalization and digitization, and that's very much what the team is doing.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Alice Bennett with CBA.
Alice Bennett - Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Research Division: I just had a question around the digital sales of Harlequin and HarperCollins. It looks like there's a bit of a divergence with Harlequin, much stronger in the U.S. relative to the other markets they're operating in. I just wondered if there is a similar divergence within HarperCollins. Are your digital sales much above that 26% rate in the U.S. market or is it broadly similar across the globe?
Robert J. Thomson: Well, clearly, Divergent is not just a book title, but it varies in the case of Harlequin because it's strong in emerging markets, where, quite frankly, the digital development is less forward. There will be -- whether it's Brazil or India. And I would recommend, actually, that you look at the Harlequin website to get a sense of the range of its international exposure, which is a great asset. But download speeds have slowed, and people are less likely to download. So partly, it's defined by the economics and economics of itself defines digital development, but it also varies by genre of book.
Michael Florin: Thank you, operator. Any other questions?
Operator: No, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Florin, at this time, I'll turn the conference back to you for closing remarks.
Michael Florin: Well, thank you for all your time. We look forward to showing an update next quarter. Have a good day if you're in the States and, well, a good day in Australia.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Reed Nolte - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations John P. Nallen - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Chase Carey - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director, President of the Media & Entertainment Arm and Chief Operating Officer of the Media & Entertainment Arm James Rupert Murdoch - Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Director, Chairman of News International and Chief Executive Officer of News International
Analysts: Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Twenty-First Century Fox 2Q '14 Earnings Release Teleconference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. Please go ahead.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, Steve. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our Second Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; James Murdoch, Deputy Chief Operating Officer; and John Nallen, our Chief Financial Officer. First, we will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to Twenty-First Century Fox's business and strategies. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. The company's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended December 31, 2013, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and the reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment operating income before depreciation and amortization, often referred to as EBITDA, and adjusted earnings per share, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. Also note that the historical results for periods prior to June 28, 2013, described in the press release and on this call have been adjusted to reflect the separation that was completed at the end of fiscal 2013. And with that, I'm pleased to turn it over to John.
John P. Nallen: Thanks, Reed, and good morning, everyone. As you will have seen in today's earnings release, our financial results continue to reflect strong top line revenue growth. We reported second quarter fiscal 2014 revenues for the total company of $8.2 billion, which is up 15% compared to the second quarter a year ago. Approximately 40% of this growth is organic with the balance reflecting the inclusion of revenues from our newly consolidated businesses, namely, Sky Deutschland and our acquired cable sports channels. Total segment EBITDA for the second quarter was $1.54 billion, a 4% reduction compared to the $1.61 billion reported a year ago. This year's results reflect solid underlying cable channel growth, continued strength in retransmission consent revenues and a strong TV production performance. These increases were more than offset by lower contributions from our Film business and weaker ratings for the X Factor, as well as the impact of the investments in our new cable channels and the consolidation of Sky Deutschland's EBITDA losses. In aggregate, the impact of acquisitions and new channel launches reduced our reported EBITDA growth by approximately 6%. Additionally, unfavorable foreign exchange movements reduced the growth by a further 1%. From a bottom line perspective, we reported income from continuing operations attributable to stockholders of $982 million as compared to the $1.06 billion reported in the second quarter a year ago. Excluding the net income effects in both years of amounts reflected in Other, net and our gains from participating in BSkyB's share repurchase program, second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.33 this year versus $0.35 in the prior year. Now let me provide some additional context on the performance of a few of our businesses, and let's start with the Cable Networks. Overall, total segment revenues in the second quarter increased 14% from last year, highlighted by a 17% increase in affiliate revenues and 7% advertising growth. The 17% affiliate revenue growth was led by higher rates across our channels. Domestic affiliate fees increased 15%, primarily from higher average rates led by the RSNs, FX and Fox News, as well as our new channels, FS1 and FXX. Increased revenues related to the impact of last year's NHL lockout and the inclusion of SportsTime Ohio also contributed to the growth. Our reported international affiliate fees were up 22%. Within this overall increase, affiliate fees at the nonsports channels at FIC and STAR grew 16% in local currency terms. The balance of the affiliate fee increase was from the international sports channel, which was partially offset by unfavorable currency movements. Second quarter advertising revenue growth reflects domestic advertising increases of 7%, led by double-digit gains at the FX channels and the RSNs, which were partially offset by political-related advertising declines at Fox News. At the international channels, advertising revenue increased 9%. Within this overall increase, local currency advertising at the FIC and STAR nonsports channels grew at the same 9% rate. The increase generated by our sports channels was offset by the overall negative impact of foreign currency. So total Cable segment EBITDA in the quarter was $1.04 billion, a 2% increase above prior year levels. Similar to our first quarter results, this quarter's strong underlying EBITDA growth, generated by the RSNs, FX and Fox International Channels, was largely absorbed by the impact of the planned investments in our new channel launches and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency comparisons. Combined, the new channels and currency negatively impacted the year-on-year Cable segment growth by 10% with the new channel launches, alone, representing a 7% impact to our growth. Turning to our Television segment. EBITDA in the quarter of $218 million declined $27 million from last year. We had strong growth in retransmission consent revenues and improved network sports results, led by the revenue increases from solid ratings for the NFL regular season and the MLB postseason. These improvements were more than offset by substantially reduced political revenues at the stations, weaker X Factor ratings and higher programming and marketing costs at the FOX Network in support of our initiative to invest in the network. At the Film segment, second quarter EBITDA was $337 million, down 21% from a year ago. This decline primarily reflects lower theatrical revenues and higher releasing costs for this year's films, including The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, Walking with Dinosaurs and The Counselor, as well as difficult comparisons to last year's results, which included the theatrical release of Taken 2 and a home entertainment release of Ice Age: Continental Drift. Revenues and EBITDA contributions at our television production units were up year-over-year, primarily due to this year's domestic syndication of Modern Family and higher SVOD revenues. Our DBS segment reported EBITDA of $30 million in the quarter as compared to $55 million in the prior year. These decrease reflects the consolidation of Sky Deutschland's negative EBITDA results, which more than offset a $25 million improvement in SKY Italia contributions, primarily from marketing and operating cost reductions. Total revenues at the DBS segment increased by $605 million, principally from the inclusion of $565 million in Sky Deutschland revenue. Sky D this morning reported ARPU gains of 5.5% and a year-over-year direct subscriber increase of 304,000, yielding 3.67 million subs at quarter end. At SKY Italia, local currency revenues in the quarter were similar to a year ago as the slight ARPU increase was offset by lower average subs for the period. Quarter-end subscribers of 4.76 million were unchanged from the end of September. Now before I turn to guidance, let me give you a quick update on our buyback activity and the delisting process. Since the date of the separation, we've been consistently repurchasing FOXA shares, resulting in approximately $2.3 billion of repurchases from July 1 through yesterday. So we're on track to complete the $4 billion buyback within the 12-month time frame we've previously announced. Additionally, in the beginning of January, we announced our plans to delist from the Australian Stock Exchange. Yesterday, we filed a definitive proxy statement with the SEC that includes detailed information about the delisting process and key dates. If approved, the effective date of this suspension in trading on the ASX will occur at the close of trading on May 1. Finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2014 total segment EBITDA growth. Since our last earnings call 3 months ago, we have updated our operational assumptions to reflect our first half performance and our outlook for the remainder of our fiscal year. And while we have the usual pluses and minuses across most of our divisions that essentially offset, we are lowering our outlook in 2 areas: first, our Film division's results for the first 6 months have been below our plans, including the impact of our 3 theatrical film releases in the December quarter and this will impact our full year outlook; second, prime time ratings, and therefore advertising revenues, will be lower than anticipated at the Fox Broadcast network, largely due to the mixed performance of our shows, led by the lower-than-planned ratings on the X Factor and the early results of American Idol. Therefore, these network advertising revenue factors will also impact our full year outlook. So primarily as a result of these film and network factors and based on all of the assumptions inherent in our projections, we now expect that our total segment EBITDA percentage growth rate for fiscal 2014 will be in the mid- to high-single digit range, above the $6.26 billion total segment EBITDA base level of fiscal 2013. This outlook does not reflect the impact of consolidating the YES Network results, although this factor would not materially impact the 2014 growth rate. If that transaction closes when expected, we will consolidate the YES Network results beginning in our fiscal fourth quarter, including approximately $1.7 billion of their debt. As we look out to our expected performance for the second half of the year, we anticipate that a majority of our overall annual growth will be realized in the fourth fiscal quarter as we expect very favorable film comparisons, led by this year's comparatively stronger releases, including Rio 2 and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Additionally, results of the Cable segment are expected to be strong, driven by continued top line growth and a more moderate increase in costs, principally from sports rights. So with that, let me turn the call over to Chase.
Chase Carey: Thank you, John, and good morning, everybody. This may sound like an unexpected opening line after John just took our guidance down a notch, but we've never been more excited about the future at Twenty-First Century Fox. I'd like to be clear that I'm not minimizing our disappointment in the adjusted guidance. However, that disappointment does not distract from the momentum that exists across our company and the confidence in our ability to achieve the overall 3-year goals we outlined last August. Structurally and strategically, we've never been stronger and better positioned. We continue to build the foundation that will enable us to deliver sustained long-term growth. At our cable channels, that foundation begins with long-term affiliation agreements that drive stable top line growth and provide the base to build new channels like Fox Sports 1, FXX and our new sports international channels. We continue to conclude agreements around the world that meet or exceed our targets for both existing and new channels, which reflect our global strength. In the last few months, we concluded such agreements with 2 of the top 10 U.S. distributors, as well as leading distributors in Latin America and Asia. We also continue to take advantage of opportunities to add new dimensions to our Cable business. Last month, we agreed to increase our ownership in YES to 80%. And we've recently rebranded multiple channels in Latin America and Europe, building a global lifestyle brand called FOX Life, which creates an additional international tentpole brand to go with FOX, FOX Sports and National Geographic. Another foundation to drive our long-term growth is our unique brands, content and long-term rights that distinguish our business. Our U.S. channels continue to maximize these strengths and build on our market leadership positions. At FX, American Horror Story had a great run with its best ratings ever, while Sons of Anarchy finished its season as the highest rated series in FX history. We also look forward to FX's launch of season 2 of The Americans later this month and the premiere of new series like Tyrant from the creators of Homeland and The Strain, both of which will premier this summer. Our RSNs continue to deliver on-target results and we're well positioned to rights discussions. Fox News is as dominant a ratings force as ever, although headwinds in the ad markets during this off-political cycle have been tougher than expected, leading to results that are up year-on-year but behind our target. Fortunately, we're headed back into another political cycle and recent programming moves are delivering even stronger ratings. At Fox Business, we're excited to welcome Maria Bartiromo and look forward to ongoing growth and profits with new and improved distribution agreements on top of ongoing improvements at the channel. We're still investing at building Fox Sports 1 and FXX while going through some of the growing pains at building a programming lineup, but those channels are on course and will be a source of new profits for years to come. An issue that has been a topic of recent debate is the impact of consolidation in the U.S. distribution industry. We honestly don't see any material consequences to our business. In fact, there may be some positive ones. First, unique content at scale in an expanding digital world has never held a stronger hand. Second, the new digital platforms and over-the-top players may grow even more quickly with a consolidated distribution industry. Furthermore, the real issue is how many choices an individual home has, not how big is the distributor. We already deal successfully with large distributors. Cable consolidation will not change the number of choices. Consumer choices actually are likely to increase, not decrease, as over-the-top digital platforms emerge. Finally, consolidation may spur innovation and improve customer experience and new technologies like targeted ads as well as other enhancements that enlarge the pie for everyone. Turning back to our channels business. Another foundation for our long-term growth is our international leadership position. Although we expect that the continued weakening of emerging market currencies will adversely impact this year's Cable results by an additional $50 million to $75 million from what we assume at the start of the fiscal year, our operational progress internationally, including at both Fox International Channels and STAR, continues to be a story of across-the-board strength while adding new dimensions to the business. STAR recently launched the STAR Sports brand across its 6 sports channels, including STAR Sports 3, India's first 24/7 Hindi sports channel and the digital site, starsports.com, substantially increasing the reach of sports and establishing a new foundation for growth in India. While the related investments are spending are short-term profits, this initiative should prove to be one of our largest drivers of growth 5 to 10 years from now. On the broadcast side of our channels business, we've had mixed results. Sports have been a positive, particularly the NFL capped by Sunday's Super Bowl, delivering TV's largest audience ever. Retransmission is also an ongoing source of growth and we continue to conclude agreements at or above our targets. The one area that is delivering results significantly below expectations is the entertainment network. While we had success with new series, Sleepy Hollow, and Golden Globe winner, BROOKLYN NINE-NINE, the combination of disappointing ratings from X Factor, larger programming write-ups than planned and a bit of extra programming and marketing costs leave us well behind our goal. We also expect American Idol, which is a much better show than it was a year ago, to deliver results below our targets. While these results are disappointing, we are quite bullish about the direction of the network as we break away from decades-old antiquated rules of broadcasting where 100 scripts in the fall become 20 pilots in the spring, leading to dozens of series being launched that September with each planned to deliver 22 episodes before the cycle begins again. During the coming months, our new strategy for the network will start to evolve with events like 24 and COSMOS, as well as new series like Gracepoint and Hieroglyph, all launched at different times of the year, different series lengths and new programs ordered without pilots that go straight to the series. We will still rely on some of the historical industry practices where it makes sense. However, we can't be bound by rules established in a free network world. We need to execute with an opportunistic agility to maximize its value. Our broadcast network is the strongest distribution platform in the business and this new direction will enable us to build it to its full potential. Our content business is also one with mixed results. Our television studio continues to be a powerhouse with 43 scripted shows on broadcast and cable this season and 17 new pilots for next season. We're more excited than ever about the increasingly robust digital market for our product. We just concluded a new agreement with Amazon granting exclusive SVOD rights to FX's hit shows The Americans, as well as SVOD distribution rights to other new and library series. More details will come from Amazon later today on that. On the flip side, our film company has had a difficult first half of the year. I don't want try and put a silver lining on the results. We're disappointed. However, this business will always have its ups and downs and we are energized about a number of key releases over the next 6 months, including Rio 2, X-Men: Days of Future Past and Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. These results won't have a big impact on fiscal 2014 due to timing, but we're optimistic that they will provide a great start to next fiscal year. Finally our satellite platforms in the U.K., Germany, Italy and India continue to operate well and building their leadership positions. We're pleased with the recent subscriber additions of BSkyB and Sky Deutschland and have stabilized subscriber levels and profits in Italy. So in aggregate, while we have some businesses that aren't delivering planned and short-term results, we feel good about the strategy and direction of all our operations. Overall, we have solid momentum, which gives us confidence in achieving our long-term targets. With that, I'll turn it back to Reed.
Reed Nolte: Thank you, Chase. Steve, now we'd like to move on to the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Mike Nathanson of MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: I have one for John and then one for Chase and James. John, can you just spend some time on Cable Networks? Expenses are up 22% in the first half. I'm wondering, when you look at this fiscal year, what expense growth will be for Cable Nets for the year. Maybe you could separate the growth rates for the year between domestic, international and expenses.
John P. Nallen: I'm not sure that I look at it that way, Michael, but I think the growth rate will be consistent as we go through it. On the sports side, internationally, probably consistent growth rate in expense as we go through. On the U.S. side, the growth rate will moderate a bit in the fourth quarter, as I indicated, because the sports rights costs, particularly at FS1, are not as significant as they were or will be in the first 3 quarters. So there'll be a slight moderation in the fourth quarter. But I think the increase will be fairly consistent for the first 3 quarters of the year.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. And then for Chase and James. You talked a bit, Chase, about changes in the broadcast model and one of the things we hear a lot about is VOD. And because you guys own on a network and a studio, there's going to be tension about VOD rights in terms of getting people of MVPD stacking rights for a whole season. So how do you feel about possibly changing the model to give full season stacking rights versus what it does to the back end value of syndications? Or how are you guys feeling about that change to the model?
Chase Carey: Look, there's no question, increasingly, the value of these rights extends beyond the linear network and into the VOD world. And I think each of these businesses, which is what we're doing, needs to pursue a strategy that makes sense for them. So I think for our networks, that's capturing and controlling a wider set of rights so that they're able to deliver an experience to their consumers that enables people to watch what they want when they want and where they want. I think in order to do that, the networks have to be aggressive about controlling and negotiating the rights they need. Negotiating those rights with our studios is really not that different than negotiating rights with third parties. I think, equally, on the studio, on the content side, we recognize those rights have value and we expect the content side to extract value for its rights in the marketplace. So yes, I think owning both sides enable us to have a strategic understanding of sort of the business as a whole. But I think the execution of that really comes down to each individual business pursuing what makes sense for it strategically, which, on the network side, is controlling a wider set of rights in the digital world; on the studio site, it's extracting appropriate value for its rights from distributors. I think we have -- I think the benefit of visibility to both sides is that we hopefully make smart decisions about how much we'll invest in the networks to control those rights on the one hand and ensuring on the content side we're extracting fair and full value for those rights. So I think it has the benefit of strategic understanding of those but the actual execution really comes down to both businesses making smart decisions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of John Janedis of UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: John, there's been a lot focus, as you know, on X Factor and Idol. Now given the comments you made on the network and ad weakness from ratings, does this change your view on the size of investments on scripted programming relative to prior expectations?
John P. Nallen: I think Chase should probably address that.
Chase Carey: Yes -- no, I don't think. I mean, I think you're looking at great shows, and clearly, the scripted entertainment area for us, both the studio and the network, as I said. This year, we have 2 new shows we feel real great about, BROOKLYN NINE-NINE and Sleepy Hollow, so certainly that's a great area for us. But equally, we've had great success over the years with nonscripted entertainment and actually we have some -- we have a new executive in place to energize that area and actually he's got some great things coming later in the year. Look, I think it's important for us to continue to be opportunistic and open-minded and in some ways continue to try to find new programming in whatever format that excites people and energizes people. And we think there are opportunities across-the-board and I don't -- I think you've just got to continue to really try and find build that next franchise, whether it's scripted or nonscripted. But we certainly expect to be aggressive in both sides of it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Anthony DiClemente of Nomura.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just wondering if the change in guidance has any bearing on your longer-term guidance targets, if you could just talk about that $9 billion EBITDA number? And then Chase, just love an update on your thoughts on Aereo as we go into Supreme Court ruling in June, July?
Chase Carey: Sure. No, I really don't, that's what I said upfront. I think, structurally, we feel good about where we're at. And again, I don't -- I want to be clear that I'm not trying to just gloss over the challenges we've got really in a couple of businesses. In the Film business, it is a business that has ups and downs. We feel good about the films we've got coming as we look forward. But it's not a structural. It's a film business, you still -- look, we've got a great management team that has proven its capability to be a market leader for years. It is a business that, again, has some ups and downs. And the network, as well, I think, they're doing some really exciting things. And then as I look out from the shows I touched on coming, we feel great about where it's going. So I don't -- for us, there are challenges we've got this year, we take them seriously. But when I look at the structural underpinning of what gets us to that $9 billion target, those structural underpinnings are there and we continue to execute on them. We continue to conclude distribution agreements and that enables us to get there. We continue to build the array of business platforms, channels, really are putting the fundamentals in place that are important to reach those goals. Our new channels, while we're investing in them, investments in FXX and FS1 are pretty much on target with what we expected to invest. So there's an investment going into it but we're still very excited about the future of those businesses. So as we look out, the fundamentals are really still in place. We need to execute better in a couple of businesses, but that's really the core of what we're dealing with here. On Aereo, it is headed to the Supreme Court in the next 6 months. I think we're cautiously optimistic that that will hopefully bring up an end to the delivered illegal theft of our content. And I do want to be clear because you hear a lot about this. This case is about respecting copyrights. It's not about cloud computing. You hear a lot of scare mongering that this case threatens cloud computing. Nothing could be further from the truth. Our content gets sold by Amazon, iTunes, others today that use cloud technology and we're a big fan and supporter of cloud technology. It simply needs to be done in a way that respects our copyrights, and we will pursue our rights. Right now, we're pursuing them legally. We're pursuing through the paths we've described before. But at the end of the day, we need to -- our business needs to have a dual-revenue model and needs to be in a place that we could be competitive in the marketplace. And hopefully, we can get those rights reaffirmed through this process.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Chase, do you think there's anything going on with cable news beyond just the normal news cycle? I just asked because it's really across all cable news networks we've seen weak ratings and I think disappointing advertising. And then, James, could you talk about Sky Deutschland and the outlook of there? They had a really bullish print today and outlook, but Netflix is coming to Germany. The market seems to be a bit spooked about what that could mean. How do you think that business is positioned in the face of a historically price-sensitive German consumer and an over-the-top new entrant?
Chase Carey: For us in Fox News, realistically, no. I mean, last year, they had -- at the end of last year, they had to deal with the off-political cycle and there's no question that the year-on-year comparisons were tough for a nonpolitical year against the political spending from the year before. But actually, news networks are doing great. I mean, I think its ratings in January were up year-on-year. And I think I said in the last call, we've made a series of changes that are actually -- the morning show with new talent, reorganized the prime time lineup. I think Roger introduced a little while ago The Five at 5:00, which has been a great addition to the lineup. I think it put new energy in it. I think the audience is actually -- versus what it was recently, yes, for January, it's younger and bigger. So for us, we feel pretty good about where we're at. And again, we have to fight through the cyclicality of political spending, which gets bigger and bigger to -- and many people chagrined in other arenas, but it becomes a bigger factor that creates cyclicality here. But for us, Fox News is realistically just a locomotive that keeps going. And with that, I do think that Fox Business is really beginning to hit its stride. I think it's got some great moves. I think Maria Bartiromo is going to add a great dimension to it. We continue to strengthen the distribution agreements for Fox Business and I think that channel really has an increasingly exciting future as it really begins to carve out a space with a distribution platform finally fully in place and I think a lot of the rules Roger has made in the lineup is starting to get some traction.
James Rupert Murdoch: And Ben, just on Germany. I think -- I mean, obviously Brian and the team reported the results earlier today, or I guess, last -- I guess, very early this morning our time and so I don't want to add too much to that. But I'd say it's a very competitive marketplace. It's a marketplace that traditionally we've been competing with free satellite channels, as well as in cable and the IPTV services. But I think Sky Deutschland's positioned really, really well. I think the brand is increasingly established in a marketplace just after -- only after a few short years. The quality of the product is very high. And really, Sky Deutschland's positioning where it's available over any infrastructure, be it cable, IPTV or satellite, as well as the very, very successful Sky Go TV Everywhere product and now the new stand-alone over-the-top product now. I think the company's positioned well. But Germany's a very big market. I think we've shown over the last few years that you can increase your revenue per customer there and you can attract new customers, which a lot of people didn't think was possible. And the company has really a momentum to it and is on a trajectory that we think is very encouraging. So I think it's not a zero-sum game. I there's a lot of choice in the marketplace already. We already have Watchever there and other things like that. And it's going to continue to be dynamic and competitive. But as long as we can keep innovating and keep a good quality of products onscreen for our customers, I think the company's going to continue to do well.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Mr. Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Chase, I'm curious if there's an opportunity over time for BSkyB, Sky Deutschland and SKY Italia to work more closely together? Is there potential upside from that? And separately, either John or Chase, I think you implied, Chase, the company's still on track for $9 billion of EBITDA in fiscal '16. Any help that you can give us for the cadence in fiscal '15 growth versus fiscal '16 growth given the lower fiscal '14 base would be helpful.
Chase Carey: Yes, on -- in terms of the Skys, I think we do think there are -- the are truly -- there are clearly benefits of the Skys working together this year, technologies to share. But in the -- certainly, many of the operational fundamentals of the businesses they share across them. We went down the path to acquire BSkyB and part of that was a view that there were values on having those businesses more closely aligned. We're obviously not on that path today, so I think we're trying to do more and more of that and find ways we can capture the value by having those companies share things they've learned, share expertise, benefit from each other and win, win, win. And hopefully, we'll continue to try and exploit that. But I think it's an opportunity, like we're aware there are opportunities to have those businesses learn and benefit from each other. And I think we'll continue to try and find ways to tackle that and given where we're at today structurally. I think in terms of guiding and looking at the years -- looking through the years, I mean, again, you take one of the 2, I mean, the issues in sort of '14, if you take the 2, one is film, which is sort of, I don't want to completely call it a one-off, but in many ways it was a result of films released during the last 6 months, they don't have much of an impact, and realistically, the issues that caused the shortfall the film business in '14 aren't going to really affect '15 at all. I mean, '15 will be affected by how our films will perform in the next 6 months. We feel good about them, but the film -- the flow-through of the films we've released to date is a fairly marginal issue in'15. I think for the network, in many ways, it is again sort of that transition. I mean, we've gone through the network, in many ways it was a network that had this unique franchise, American Idol, it sort of transcended everything else in television. And it's gotten to a place today where actually it's a great show. It's a top hit show, we'd love the ratings from that on any other show, but it's not a show that sort of drives the whole network like it did in years past. And so we've been planning that adjustment knowing that the show is 13 years old. We hope it has 14, 15, 16, 17 years but they won't be years that look like years 5, 6 and 7. So this transition of the network from having this sort of locomotive that sat there in the middle of it that generated unique profits we've known is coming to the end. It's sort of winding down to a place where it becomes just a great successful show. Again, hopefully, this year, we think it's a much better show. Hopefully, there's traction -- gets better traction as it goes through this season. We think it has the potential. We think they've done a really good job and it's a very entertaining show. But it's going to be a good show and what's happened is the ratings for that, as well as X Factor, fell faster than we hoped. But directionally, it's not different. We didn't expect those. We haven't been planning on those to sort of all of a sudden have a rebirth. What we had hoped to do is manage them through this process. So it probably moves those to a slightly lower base, but it really isn't directionally different than what we would have been planning, which is those shows to be part of a lineup, but really part of a broader diversified lineups where increasingly what we're looking to develop is new hits to take them on. So again, I don't think it puts the network, yes, maybe a little bit, but not really materially in a different place. So I don't think those 2 items, film, really I wouldn't think it changed our view on '15 much at all. I think the network probably marginally. And the rest of it, there are some issues that are tougher than we planned. The foreign exchange, we started off the year thinking we had $100 million hit from foreign exchange and now it's looking sort of well north of $150 million. So there's some of those issues and those we put in a jump, put in the ordinary course up and down. The upside in sports could absorb that, the hit on foreign exchange and other pros and cons. So I think those give and takes we'd assumed we can sort of manage through those gives and takes. So I don't think it would change our outlook on '15 that much. Again, '15, we do expect it to be a big bounce-up in '16 and I think that's still true. I mean, we're still very much in a build process. I think we talked about the investment in the new channels and actually said the build is actually -- the investment in the new channels is actually a little higher in '15 than '14 and that's been planned. I mean, that's sort of due to the way the sports rights roll in. But again, it's a long-winded answer. If I look at it holistically, I don't think as you look at '15 and '16, we're really in that different a place. By the end of the year, we'll see. We'll have 6 more months and we'll know more than we do today. But I wouldn't say I feel that different about '15 and really don't feel different about '16 about where we'll be.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen of Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One to James and one to Chase. James, now you that you control all of STAR Sports for roughly a year, can you just talk about what you've done differently and maybe you can provide some color about investments still needed and the ultimate growth trajectory for that business? And then Chase, on FXX, with The Simpsons coming in August, it just seems like such an amazing branding opportunity. Can you talk about how that show can drive the channel and how quickly you can monetize it?
James Rupert Murdoch: Thanks, Jessica. On STAR Sports, I think it's been a really exciting period for us since being able to take over ESPN's share and what we view as ESPN Star Sports and it's really been across Asia. Really, the creation of a FOX Sports brand in Southeast Asia, at East Asia and the STAR Sports suite of channels in India and just on STAR Sports, it's been very exciting. As Chase mentioned, 6 STAR Sports channels were launched towards the end of last year. And some of the things that's exciting about it, for example, doing a 24-hour Hindi language coverage of Indian cricket would seem reasonably obvious and surprising that it hasn't been down before and that's proving very, very successful. From an investment perspective, it's a little bit lumpy. As you know, we had some additional cricket rights for an additional sports in the last quarter in India and some of those things will continue to be a little [indiscernible] years and things like that, particularly impacting the STAR Sports business over the next few years. But we think it adds really a fundamental new dimension to the Indian business. We're a leader there in the general entertainment category in many, many of the regions and languages of India and have really built a #1 network across the country. Adding sports to that portfolio, we think, is very, very exciting. It gives us a whole new dimension from the standpoint of affiliate revenue growth and we can really cement our leadership. So we think it's a real component of getting that business. As we've said in the past, to be the overall STAR business in the India should be $0.5 billion profit business within a reasonable horizon. But this investment in this year and next year and a bit of the next, given some of the rights costs that come through, is a big investment, but it's really a testament to our belief in what we can do in that region. And we think India is a marketplace that's going to be increasingly important for us and more we can really put even more distance between us and our nearest competitors.
Chase Carey: Yes, and on FXX, I mean, there's no question. Simpsons is a tremendously exciting and important event and sort of opportunity for us. And we do -- it is more than a show and I've said it before. In many ways, we look to use that -- when I turn it to Simpsons channel, but in many ways it'll be the face of the channel. It'll clearly be much more than just a series taking up a large block of hours. It will be a series that helps brand the channel, helps drive the channel. And we are doing -- working really hard on it. And we're also really excited that it has really gone up. In many ways, the breadth of rights we have there will enable us to do some really unique things in a digital sense. So it's not just branding the channel from a linear perspective, but really starting to really create some precedents in terms of creating a digital experience aligned with that channel that adds a whole new dimension to it. In terms of monetizing it, it's always -- in the cable -- in this world, it's always a little complicated because you can monetize through 2 things: you monetize through affiliations and you monetize through advertising. So the affiliation side is largely tied to -- have some affiliation grievance come up. I don't have it offhand. I think, fortunately, we're in a place, and part of it was the timing where a pretty big block of our affiliation agreements in the sort of 1 year-plus post. I think probably half of the universe comes up for renewal within 1 year, 1 year and change. I don't -- again, I didn't look at it so I don't have the exact dates off the top of my head from when The Simpsons roll in. So it'd be great if we can get momentum. Clearly, monetizing it through the affiliation side is obviously a big part of it. I think from an advertising perspective, it's going to be dependent on our execution. I think FX has proved to be pretty good at sort of distinguishing themselves from everybody else out there. I think they're -- I mean, realistically, I think they're second to none. If you stack up FX up against the channels they compete with today, I think they have proven an ability to distinguish themselves from the pack and I think we feel really good about their ability to drive a level of interest into that that we could monetize through advertising that we feel really good about it. But I want to say that. At the end of the day, we're building an asset. I mean, the question, I'm much more sort of focused on "Where can you get this in 2 or 3 years and where can you get this to in 2 quarters?" So it is -- this is an opportunity to build a franchise that can be a real tentpole for new growth in our business. And so I think it is, yes, we care about the short-term and want to do what we can to drive short term. But when you're building an asset like that and investing it, to us, I think, the real key issue is where can you get that business to in 2 or 3 years, not 2 to 3 months.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Richard Greenfield of BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on Michael Nathanson's question. When you look at a show like The Simpsons, you've actually acquired all of the prior season rights to use for your applications. And so instead of selling that to a Netflix or Amazon, you're keeping all of that for yourself to drive traffic to your apps. Wondering when you look at shows like The Americans and any of your shows or content you're creating, why is it not the right decision for FOX to keep those rights in-house, to build your own direct-to-consumer applications versus selling them to third parties. I realize there's a near-term cash infusion from selling them. But why is The Simpsons decision not the right decision for all of your content as you look forward? And then just a separate question on Formula One rights. There's been a lot of noise about Malone and Discovery possibly buying them. Is that something -- it seems like something that would fit very well with FOX globally. Why haven't -- or is that something of interest to you?
Chase Carey: Just on The Simpsons question, the rights question of why not keep all our rights in-house, I think it's important -- I think if you go back to Michael's question, and again, I think there's a real benefit to us being we believe that the vertical integration of our businesses is a real strength. I think the strength comes from having a strategic understanding of both sides of that, that are insights and ability to make, that's where they make sense. But I think when you get to a one-size-fits-all, I think that -- I don't think that's the right way to go. And I think at a more granular level, you have to sort of look at decisions on one level holistically and on another level for each individual business. And those businesses have to make bets. And there are times when our distribution businesses have a unique ability to take advantage of a set of rights for us to make -- The Simpsons is the perfect example. We have a new channel that FX -- that Simpsons could help take to a whole new level, so it made sense for us to probably invest more than anybody else in The Simpsons because we can monetize it in terms of building a unique asset. There are the other times when somebody else, for a piece of content we own, has a unique need that will end up meaning they're going to pay more than it's worth to our asset. And they just -- they know we're going to keep it, nonetheless, even if somebody else thinks it's because they have a need, worth a lot more than it is to us, I don't think that makes sense. And I think it's important that -- what we're not going to do is sort of undersell the content. We have participants, we have people in it, it's important that our content gets full and fair value. And therefore, if somebody in the market sees more value in that content than we do, but it's because of a need or just because of a belief, then there are places where it make sense to take advantage of that. Conversely, I think we hopefully have a breadth of assets that will increasingly let us take advantage of assets, I mean, an example, FIC. I mean, Fox International Channels, there are a number of places where we've taken series and bought out the international rights to shows we had. A unique need, we had a unique franchise in Fox International Channels to take a show like The Americans or -- I can't remember, they've done a couple. They bought the global right, global distribution rights to that and used it as a dimension. But it was really based on the Fox International Channels having unique strategic need and building -- and their ability to build the value that enabled them to make a bet. But again, there'll be places where third parties will see a value that exceeds what it's worth to us. And again that's the right way to maximize the business. Again, we have the benefit of the visibility to make intelligent decisions, so we think it's worth making a bet. We obviously have the ability to see the picture holistically and make those bets intelligently. But I do think that you have to look at it from a holistically, as well as from each individual business' perspective.
Reed Nolte: Formula One.
Chase Carey: And then Formula One. Yes, Formula One's great rights. I mean, at the end of the day, they're buying I guess -- I don't know what's going on in Formula One. I read the same paper you do. Like rights, they're taking about buying sports. I mean, I guess to what degree you can buy sports to get to rights, I mean, I think if you're buying it, you have to buy because you like the sports -- you believe the sport's a good investment, not -- there are a lot of things that go into the sport. And that Formula One is certainly, TV rights are a big part of it, but there are other big elements on the revenue side. And obviously, it's a big business that requires [indiscernible] management. But I think, very good business. But I think you'd go into it -- if it's for TV rights, I don't think you buy the assets to buy -- to get access to the TV rights. I think you buy it because you think it's good business. And I think TV rights we license in the marketplace. And we obviously have a good relationship with Formula One and hopefully continue to build it. But I think to the degree there's investment at Formula One, anybody making that, whether it's us or anybody else, you'd have to make it on the merits of what you think about Formula One and how good an investment it is and what's the future of that.
James Rupert Murdoch: And Rich, this is James here. I'd just remind everyone we are -- we're a broadcaster of Formula One in almost every region of the world. We are a very large part of Formula One's audience. And in many places, we have very long-term rights agreement to Formula One and it delivers very well for our customers. Irrespective of whatever speculation is out there in the market, we think that's been a relationship that's great for both sides and is going to continue.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Bank of RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Chase, I was wondering if you could give us a trajectory that kind of benchmark over the next 12 to 36 months for viewership and ratings levels you expect to achieve at FS1. I also wonder if you could also talk about how you see the business mix with respect to affiliate fees and advertising revenues shaking out when you get closer to maturity 3 or 4 years out when your new programming has sort of been on for a while, like MLB, when you have no more speed legacy deals in place. Basically at maturity, how do you see the revenue split between advertising and affiliate?
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean, first, I don't think we probably would get to that level of granularity year-by-year sort of rate increase that's probably at the level of detail beyond what we sort of put out there -- put out there publicly. I think if you look out over time, I think the mix of affiliate and ad revenues, I think, particularly on the sports side probably tilts to the affiliate side of it. I think that's the nature of sports today. The importance of that product is, again, I think everybody recognizes, it is the most important product. It is the most powerful product. The product that, again, not everybody, but certainly for a large segment of consumers, it is a must-have product for a large segment of consumers. And therefore, I think that's what leads for it to get reflected, its value to get reflected in the affiliation side of it. The advertising is certainly important. The live nature of the sports, we said before, makes it uniquely valuable to advertisers. I mean, you look at the NFL this year, I think it's certainly probably a good and recent testament as you could find anywhere of how valuable sports is to advertisers. So I don't mean to -- certainly not trying to minimize the importance of the advertising side of it, but I think in general, in the sports arena, the affiliate side will be the larger piece of the pie vis-a-vis advertising.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Is that kind of a 50-50 mix or like a 70-30 mix or -- I'm sorry, just taking one more pass at it.
Chase Carey: We're not going to get into that type of granularity. It's, again, the affiliate side is the bigger piece of it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just sort of staying on that sports theme. We keep seeing more evidence of the rising competition for these sports rights and obviously the rising costs of these franchises. Due to the revenues generated, it sounds like from the affiliate fees more than the advertising, the growing CPMs and audiences, I guess, do they make up for the higher programming costs? You got such great perspective from your expansive franchise and obviously the Super Bowl. I'm curious about the cost equation, how that delta may be changing going forward? Is it maybe for the better or for the worse? Any color there would be great.
Chase Carey: I'm not sure -- I mean, I'm not sure how to answer that. I guess, look, I guess what I'd say is our sports businesses we feel great about. And obviously, we are dealing with these costs. When we do affiliate deals, they're multi-year deals. So it's actually, you get a pretty good road map for a fair bit of it if the affiliate's the larger piece and you get deals that go out years, those rights agreement layer against that. You have to make some assumptions of rating and ad dollars, but that's the smaller part of the top line. So I think we feel like it's pretty good visibility given, again, the nature of long-term distribution agreements aligned with long-term rights agreements and the ability to keep those 2 things get balanced to have a really healthy business for us. And certainly, to date, we've done it. And yes, there's pressure on rights that, I guess, again, as I said before, it's a double-edged nature of sports. It's the most important programming out there, probably gets more important as -- everything else fragments. It sort of continues to, in many ways, stand taller. And so that's the positive, the realities is it comes at a cost. I think we proved -- I think we've got a pretty good track there, proven the ability to build it, digest those costs and build real value. I think we are helped by the fact, I think, buyers that have scale in that arena are probably best positioned because I think breadth and depth, I mean, it's one thing to sort of have a one-off. But I think to the degree you've got a broad array of sports for us, regional, national, global, domestic, you sort of got something for everybody and I think that really helps and I think gives it a bit of a 1 plus 1 is 3. So I do think scale is going to become an increasingly important dynamic in the ability to get full value, to maximize value for the rights you've got.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Michael Morris of Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. One, again for sports rights. When you look at this latest sports rights that you have right now for FS1, do you feel like you have enough in terms of what you're trying to accomplish over the next 3 or 4 years on the affiliate growth side? Or the next big contract to come up would be the NBA. How do you look at potentially bidding for and making an investment in the NBA relative to what your revenue objectives are? Is it important -- is it as important to kind of, from a competitive perspective, can you break away from other networks as it is to bolster your own network? And then also on the affiliate side, the 5% acceleration that you saw domestically, how much of that came from having NHL back on the air this fall? And can you give us any insight to what you think that pace is going to look like in the new calendar year?
John P. Nallen: I'll cover the second one for you. Of the 15% domestic growth we had in the quarter, about 5% of it is the impact of the NHL and SportsTime Ohio. So the underlying growth is about 10%. And we've said that we expect the double-digit gains in affiliate fees in the year and we're comfortable with that.
Chase Carey: In terms of the rights we have, I mean, simple answer is yes. We actually have the rights in place we need to execute the plan we've got. That doesn't mean we won't engage on new rights and I think we always want to be opportunistic. And if there's a dimension of rights, we're not going to buy everything. So I think that we are going to be selective. But it doesn't mean that there won't be -- there aren't opportunities to add something that we think we can, in turn, down the road, create incremental value. But the rights we have today, and then we've got a broad set of rights related to baseball, NASCAR, college football and basketball, UFC, soccer, Champions League, World Cup, golf, we've got a broad mix of rights, broad mix of rights spread across the year. We feel great about where we're at. So certainly, we have the rights in place to execute the plans we've got. So I think we certainly will look at incremental rights and make a determination. Are they rights we could take on and create incremental value on them, I mean. And if not, we feel very good about where we're at. I'm sorry, in terms of key -- I wouldn't take rights to keep them away from others. I mean, I think you build -- you focus on building your own the business, not spending money to -- if we can't make -- I think our sports channel will be strong enough. We're comfortable that we can -- and we've got enough breadth across the company that we can execute on delivering the value through our sports channel. I wouldn't invest -- we wouldn't invest in further rights unless they make sense for us. We wouldn't invest for the purpose of being -- to block others.
Reed Nolte: At this point, we'd like to conclude today's call. Thank you everybody for joining. If you have any further questions, please call me or Joe Dorrego here in New York.
Chase Carey: Thanks a lot.
John P. Nallen: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of today's panel, I'd like to thank you once again for your participation, and thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-11-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Florin - Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Robert J. Thomson - Chief Executive Officer and Director Bedi Ajay Singh - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Fraser McLeish - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Morris Craig Huber Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Westcott Rochette - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research Samantha Elizab Carleton - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alan Gould
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the News Corporation First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Florin: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's fiscal first quarter 2014 earnings call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our website at www.newscorp.com. On the call today are Robert Thompson, Chief Executive; and Bedi Singh, Chief Financial Officer. We'll open with some prepared remarks from both Robert and Bedi, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended September 30, 2013, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, the definition of and reconciliation of these measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.
Robert J. Thomson: Thank you, Mike, and welcome, all, to our first earnings call as the new News. There will certainly be time for questions after Bedi Singh elucidates the figures, but I thought it useful to provide some context to the fledgling company's operations and a sense of its trajectory. We are confident about our prospects, given the market-leading brands in our midst, the talented executives servicing our companies and the focus that has come from concentrating minds and aggregating assets. Among our comparative advantages are the following. We have scale, meaning that we could influence the terms of trade for digital content businesses at a time of mass migration in mass media. There are dramatic shifts underway in the creation, delivery and consumption of content. The platform permutations are multiplying and so are the opportunities to profit. Secondly, we are diverse globally and see clear opportunities to expand beyond our existing footprint. You will see evidence of those expansion plans in coming months, but it will be expansion based on extending our existing expertise. And we have a robust balance sheet that provides the company with genuine financial flexibility, allowing us to be agile in responding to emerging opportunities. But we also have our costs under vigilant watch, and there is no doubt that the focus of the new News has enabled us to identify inefficiencies and extract expense. We have been public for a mere 4-or-so months, but the company has a remarkable prominence and a very proud history. We will be candid with you about the challenges, as we have been about the headwinds buffeting our Australian newspaper business. But we are confident that our emerging strategy will well serve our investors, our employees and our customers. Our aim is not just to transform the company but to transform its long-term prospects. Bedi will provide you with the detailed figures, but the overall themes are as follows. Total segment EBITDA has risen significantly. Adjusted EBITDA is, however, down slightly. Margins in our largest segment, News and Information Services, have risen, even as revenues in Australia have been particularly soft. Free cash flow has improved by $145 million over the same period last year, although comparisons generally are made difficult by the fact that, technically, the company itself didn't exist at this time last year. We collectively recognize the need to evolve. We must generate more advertising revenue, but overall, be less dependent on advertising and much more subscription-focused. And we must take advantage of the rise of mobile as a platform. Across our businesses, we are seeing exponential increases in the use of smartphones and tablets to access our content. Each platform has unique challenges and opportunities, but we will be among the pioneers on packaging and pricing and profiting in the emerging environment. Our initiatives will play an important role in that development, as we indicated at the Investor Day. Three projects have already been launched. In particular, a global programmatic advertising exchange; secondly, our excellent U.K team has created Sun+, their digital strategy for Britain's best-selling newspaper; and we have just launched BallBall our Asian digital football business, which focuses on upwardly mobile users, smartphones, the web and tablets. Our advertising exchange, which has involved unprecedented cooperation among all of our media businesses, began trading just over a fortnight ago and has already attracted more than 10 major advertisers. We are able to leverage our leading global brands and our exclusive first-party data, thus allowing us much more leverage over yields and protecting the integrity of our audience. We are discontinuing remaining arrangements with third-party ad networks, so that any advertiser who wants to reach our great content and premium audiences must do so directly. Some of you will be aware that we acquired exclusive Premier League near-live video clip rights in the U.K., highlighting goals and other monumental moments for subscribers and loyal readers of our British newspapers. But Sun+ is much more than soccer snippets, as the team in London have worked to improve the depths of our digital editorial for subscribers and provide them with retail, leisure and other discounts of at least GBP 200 a month. The purpose behind these subscriptions is to heighten affinity, which is of supreme importance to advertisers frustrated by audiences who have little loyalty and are digitally distracted. On our next call, we'll have firm figures for you as we are now early in the acquisition phase and developing durable metrics on elasticity and churn. We told you at the Investor Day that we were underrepresented in Asia, where macroeconomic growth rates remain relatively high and smartphone penetration is increasing exponentially. For a modest sum, we acquired exclusive video clip rights for the Premier League and rights to other European soccer leagues for apps and websites for a company called BallBall in Indonesia, Vietnam and Japan. We have been repurposing content and statistics from our London papers, as well as utilizing the WSJ Digital Networks in Japan and Indonesia and the video expertise of FOX SPORTS Australia. Such creative collaboration is crucial to making us more than the sum of our parts. There is no doubt that important lessons from this digital-only venture will be adopted elsewhere in our company as the second screen becomes a first priority. And within our core companies, the digital transformation continues apace. For example, at HarperCollins, ebooks rose from 15% to 22% of sales, while our margin improved from 11.4% to over 13% in the past year. We spoke at the Investor Day about plans for e-expansion, and we have since announced a number of initiatives, including subscription deals with Oyster and Scribd. At the Wall Street Journal, where advertising revenue has been stable, it's worth highlighting that mobile usage rose 59% in September compared to the same month last year. Meanwhile, the development team has just completed work on the first phase of DJX, our new B2B product, which will be rolled out over coming months. In Australia, at REA, of which we earn 61.6%, the management team is constantly seeking to innovate and connecting agents with customers. The revival of the Australian property market has certainly been a benefit, as you can see from today's numbers, and the market cap of the company since July 1 has risen from AUD 3.56 billion to AUD 5.3 billion. While the majority of REA revenues come from within Australia, the company is continuing to expand its international footprint. At Amplify, Joel Klein and the team are focused on building our K-12 subject matter, which is the most significant segment of the company's 3 divisions. They aim to bring their product to market for the fall of 2014, and you'll be able to track our success as we compete to supply school districts with contemporary curriculum. We will continue to be disciplined and to seek out opportunities we think will enhance the growth profile of News Corp and complement our existing strengths, but we will also continuously review our asset portfolio. This quarter, we sold the Dow Jones Local Media Group and our Live Event business at HarperCollins. We concluded that these assets were non-core to News Corp's strategy. Four months along in the life of the new News, we are even more convinced that the company will thrive as it becomes more digital and increasingly global. We will continue to balance heightened cost consciousness with a need for investment; all informed by the very clear goal of enhancing the value of shareholder returns. Now let me usher in Bedi Singh, who will furnish you with the financials.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thank you, Robert, and good afternoon, everyone. First, I'd like to share with you some high-level financial highlights, and then we will discuss each segment in further detail. We reported fiscal 2014 first quarter total revenues of $2.07 billion, a 3% decrease versus the prior year period revenues of $2.13 billion. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and adjusting for foreign exchange fluctuations, total revenue declined 4%. The earnings release, you will see, includes a reconciliation to reflect these adjustments. Turning to EBITDA, we reported total segment EBITDA of $141 million, which was a 58% increase versus the prior year period, again excluding all acquisitions and divestitures, most notably FOX SPORTS Australia, which we acquired last November; and the Dow Jones Local Media Group, which we sold in September of this year. All costs related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, which were $17 million this quarter, and excluding foreign exchange fluctuations, total EBITDA declined this year by 5%. Reported diluted EPS were a positive $0.05 versus negative $0.16 in the prior period. Excluding restructuring charges, the U.K. Newspaper Matters costs and other one-time items, adjusted EPS was $0.03, down from $0.06 in the prior period. But importantly, free cash flow available to News Corp improved by $145 million compared to the prior year. Now let's turn to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues declined $171 million, or 10%, versus the prior year. Australia accounted for $121 million, or around 70% of the segment decline, of which almost half was due to foreign exchange. Within segment revenues, total advertising declined 12%, of which FX was 4%. And looking at advertising performance across our key units, at News Corp Australia, newspaper advertising revenues declined around 25%, including a 10% negative impact from foreign currency. News U.K. advertising declined 7%, with the majority of the decline being due to incremental Olympic spending last year. Wall Street Journal advertising domestically was virtually flat with the prior year. And overall, Dow Jones advertising was down low single digits, impacted by some weakness in Asia and Europe. We haven't seen, so far, any inflection points in advertising in either direction. Australia remains very challenged, while the U.K. and U.S. have been more stable, but we recognize that visibility is still somewhat limited. Circulation and subscription revenues declined 6%, of which FX was 3%. We were hurt this quarter by lower print volumes, a decline in institutional sales at Dow Jones, which were partially offset by cover price increases in the U.K. and Australia and growth at The Wall Street Journal and WSJ.com. As Robert mentioned, this past quarter, we launched Sun+, our paywall in the U.K., bundled with English Premier League highlight clips, and have put all of our major mastheads in Australia behind a paywall. We have also relaunched the New York Post website, and we are also in the early phases of rolling out DJX, our bundled institutional offering at Dow Jones, and the conversion to this single product offering had a modest negative impact this quarter to revenues. At News America Marketing, sales improved 3% versus last year, led by strong double-digit growth in the in-store business, consistent with our comments at the Investor Day. And importantly, we saw margin expansion there this quarter. We saw growth in Canada and growth in several food and drug categories. Operating costs for News and Information Services were down 12% this quarter. That was due mainly to lower headcount, as we realized some savings from prior year restructurings, lower newsprint costs and production costs and lower marketing expenses. Returning to News and Information Services EBITDA, this increased $7 million, or 6% versus last year. We saw strong profit contributions from News UK, News America Marketing and also benefited from the absence of losses from The Daily last year, partially offset by continued weakness in Australia and foreign currency impacts. So if you look at EBITDA, excluding the sale of Local Media Group and foreign exchange fluctuations, segment revenues -- sorry, EBITDA increased 12% and segment revenues declined 6%. We do not believe this level of EBITDA growth or margin expansion is indicative of the next few quarters or a run rate. We have several initiatives, which we are in the early stages, including DJX at Dow Jones, Sun+ at News UK, and we are developing our digital assets in Australia. In Cable Network Programming, segment revenues this quarter were $132 million, and segment EBITDA was $29 million. On a standalone basis, assuming we had owned FOX SPORTS Australia in the prior year quarter, revenues were flat and segment EBITDA declined 31%. However, excluding foreign exchange fluctuations, revenues increased 14% and EBITDA declined 21%. Advertising improved strong double digits, thanks to solid audience gains and increased government spending around the elections. Subscription revenues grew approximately 8%, helped by an increase in digital platform subscribers. The decline in Cable Network Programming EBITDA was driven primarily by timing of higher expenses associated with the airing of the National Rugby League rights contract, which began in March 2013. Operating expenses should be lower in Q2, which is seasonal, given our roster of sports rights. In Digital Real Estate Services, REA revenues increased $9 million, or 11% compared to last year, reflecting increased revenues from listing depth penetration and new product growth. Segment EBITDA increased $9 million, or 26%, compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to the increased revenue. Margins were 48.9%, up from 43.2% in the prior year. Excluding foreign currency, revenue and EBITDA grew 23% and 43%, respectively. Turning to the Book Publishing segment. Revenues declined 7%, but EBITDA grew 8% versus the prior year. The top line this quarter was hurt by the sale of the Women of Faith live events business, the decision to exit the U.S. distribution business, a soft Christian publishing marketplace and foreign currency fluctuations. Looking deeper at the results, we had a very strong performance this quarter in ebooks. Some key titles to call out were the Veronica Roth Divergent series in children's and Daniel Silva's English Girl in general books. For the quarter, ebooks as a percentage of revenues improved to 22% from 15% in the prior period, and total ebook sales improved by over 30%. We're very excited by the pipeline of titles in Q2, led by Allegiant, the final chapter in the Divergent series, which debuted October 22 and has sold approximately 1.8 million copies to date. This should lead to an improved performance for Q2, even with some revenue headwinds from the sale of the Live Events business. And EBITDA margins advanced to 13.1% from 11.4%. The EBITDA growth and margin improvement was driven by higher ebook penetration and improved operating efficiencies. In our Other segment, which includes Amplify, our corporate Strategy and Creative Group, corporate overhead and costs related to U.K. Newspaper Matters, segment EBITDA improved $4 million, primarily due to lower costs of approximately $44 million related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, partially offset by higher expenses of $29 million at Amplify; $6 million incurred by our corporate Strategy and Creative Group, including the launch of BallBall as mentioned by Robert; and increased corporate overhead expenses of $8 million compared to an allocated basis used for fiscal 2013. In the quarter, we incurred $40 million related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, of which the net impact on total segment EBITDA was $17 million. That's net pre-tax costs after the indemnification from 21st Century Fox. Now for the full year, we expect corporate overhead to be in the $140 million to $160 million range, consistent with our comments at the Investor Day. For our corporate Strategy and Creative Group, we will likely spend in the $35 million to $45 million range. This includes spending on our BallBall product offering, including small rights acquisition costs, our advertising exchange, as well as a few other key initiatives currently in development. On Amplify, we expect operating losses to be higher than in fiscal '13. But in contrast to last year, costs are unlikely to ramp up from the first quarter as curriculum development is now well underway. Turning to equity income, our earnings from affiliates were $13 million this quarter compared to $26 million last year. The lower contribution primarily reflects the absence of the 44% stake in SKY Network Television, which was sold in March 2013, and the consolidation of FOX SPORTS Australia in November 2012. On the plus side, we had higher contribution from Foxtel, which benefited from an increased ownership to 50% from 25% in November 2012. Foxtel's EBITDA grew mid-teens this quarter in local currency. Turning now to cash flow. For the quarter, cash flow from operations improved to positive $59 million compared to negative $87 million last year, and free cash flow available to News Corp improved to negative $10 million versus negative $155 million last year. This improvement was driven by lower restructuring payments, lower costs related to U.K. Newspaper Matters, lower tax payments and the inclusion of FOX SPORTS Australia, partially offset by the absence of cash distributions from SKY Network Television last year. On our P&L statement, you can see that we recorded a tax benefit and a corresponding expense in Other of $483 million. This relates to a tax refund we received in October over past claims in a foreign jurisdiction which had been in dispute. This refund will be remitted to 21st Century Fox as part of a tax sharing and indemnification agreement. This item is a pass-through only and had no impact on net income, EPS or free cash flow. And finally, a few additional items. We expect full year CapEx to be higher than fiscal '13 and more in line with levels seen in fiscal '12 of $375 million, as we had discussed at the Investor Day. We expect the majority of our capital investment to be continued to be focused on technology innovation, including the roll out of our common publishing system. CapEx this quarter was $67 million versus $64 million last year. Restructuring costs were down significantly this quarter at $27 million, of which $23 million was related to the newspaper business, compared to $115 million in the prior year. Last year, restructuring costs totaled $293 million. We continue to expect this to come down this year. We continually review our portfolio of assets. This quarter, we realized $96 million in proceeds, mostly related to the sale of the Local Media Group and a few smaller transactions, including the HarperCollins Live Events business, which we viewed as non-core to News Corp. On the U.K. Newspaper Matters, we have accrued approximately $78 million, of which $53 million will be indemnified by 21st Century Fox. This represents our best estimate of that liability for the claims that have been filed as of quarter end. Cash on the balance sheet as of 30th of September was around $2.7 billion, which includes $230 million of cash in REA. And lastly, we entered into a $650 million, 5-year revolving credit facility. There are no funds drawn on it at this time. We view the revolver as a financially prudent instrument, and consistent with most of our peers. So in summary, expenses are on the right track, while the revenues remain under pressure. We have been candid about some of the headwinds we face, particularly in News and Information Services. We continue to view fiscal '14 as a transition year as we balance ongoing operational efficiencies with prudent investments and focus on stabilizing top-line performance. We look forward to continuing to update you on our progress throughout the year. And with that, let me turn back to the operator for our Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So cost controls within the news media segment are a theme I'm assuming you're going to be talking about for the next several years. But in the near term, can you talk about some of the cost-saving opportunities? Where are you going to invest? And is the net of those 2 a decline?
Bedi Ajay Singh: It's Bedi here. Thank you for your question. I mean, as you know, over the past 3 or 4 years, we have done significant amounts of restructurings across businesses, mainly on the newspaper side. I think the total over the last 4 years is something around $500 million. Clearly, we keep looking at operational efficiencies as we go forward. But you have to realize, a substantial amount of efficiencies have been taken out. I think we'll keep continuing to look at natural operating efficiencies as we roll out the common publishing system, but I don't think we have any particular targets or sort of slash-and-burn type of cost reductions in mind as we go forward.
Robert J. Thomson: John, it's Robert here, just to supplement Bedi's answer. I think what is clear is that we are imposing a fair amount of discipline on the companies. There really is heightened cost consciousness. And the ability that the new News has given us to focus both on our strengths and on expenses is allowing us to certainly extract cost. To your other question about investment, look, as we all know, there are 5 potential uses for capital. There's internal investment; there's acquisitions; there's debt, of which we have none; dividends; and buybacks. As you can see already, we are engaged in some internal investment design to generate revenue, and the programmatic ad exchange is a good example of that. And as we've made clear at the Investor Day -- look, we're interested in acquisitions, but these are going to be extensions and not eccentric. They must do more than just add to the sum.
Operator: Our next question will come from Justin Diddams with Citi.
Justin Diddams - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a quick question on the phasing of earnings across the quarters. When we look at the types of businesses you run, I'd expect there to be fairly consistent revenue and earnings by quarter. However, when we look at some of the pro forma numbers from '13 and even '12, first to second quarter, there does seem to be a big disparity in earnings contribution. I wonder if you could just give us a sense of what your expectations are for the phasing of earnings across the quarters, particularly is where -- we've got the inaugural sets of results today, and we're sort of paving the way here. So any color on that would be appreciated.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Justin, it's Bedi here. Thanks for dialing in from Australia. I think if you look at all of our different business segments, sort of the operating businesses do tend to have seasonality and sort of lumpiness. And for example, if you look at the cable programming segment, that's definitely lumpy, depending on the airing of sports rights. Our book business tends to have a very good big season around the holidays. If you look at newspaper advertising, even that is seasonal. So I think generally, it's hard to sort of generalize and say that it's -- these type of businesses are sort of constant across the fiscal year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 questions. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about Amplify, what the current investment is? And the peak losses or peak investment, is it fiscal '14? And the second question is on the use of cash. I know, Robert, you outlined what the 5 uses could be, but you mentioned in your initial comments that you would increase -- in terms of acquisitions, that you would soon maybe increase your footprint in existing businesses. I'm just wondering what region seem to be the highest interest to you.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Jessica, it's Bedi. I'll take the one on Amplify. So Amplify, for the quarter, we reported an operating loss of $57 million, and that included depreciation and amortization of around $6 million. So if you take that out, it's roughly around $51 million of sort of EBITDA loss. And again, as I said in my prepared remarks, we don't expect to ramp up from that number, because pretty much the curriculum development is in full swing in this quarter. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of where we're heading for the year.
Robert J. Thomson: Jessica, it's Robert. I mean, I'm sure you don't expect me to be specific about likely acquisitions. But I think it's fair to say that the 2 themes that permeate our thinking are digital and global and, obviously, acquisitions that extend our expertise.
Operator: And the next question comes from Eric Katz with Wells Fargo.
Eric Katz - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So it sounds like both News Corp and Telstra seem to be on the same page now for potential triple-play offering. Can you comment on the strategy here, how long it would take to implement and why you think this could be a game-changer for Foxtel?
Robert J. Thomson: Look, we're not going to go into specifics on our negotiations with Telstra, who are great partners of ours at Foxtel. Clearly, it's in the interest of all involved to increase loyalty and also to increase the attractiveness of the Foxtel package and, through that, our revenues from Fox Sports. And anything that does do -- indeed do that, we're in favor of.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is just a follow-up on Amplify. Is there any more color you can give us on sort of the intermediate term outlook, understanding this is a longer term investment? But are there any milestones we can look to through -- over the next year or so, like new school districts up for bid, that could give us a sense of sort of how it's progressing? And I guess on that topic, any update on the suspension of tablets to Guilford Schools?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Alexia, it's Bedi here. Yes. I mean, I think curriculum development is going very well. I think if you [Audio Gap] and then in terms of your specific question about when we can expect to see specific metrics, I think we expect curriculum -- developed curriculum sales to be in sort of fiscal -- or sorry, calendar '14, in the fall of calendar '14. I think that's when you should look to see the first sort of sales into school districts for the curriculum products. With respect to Guilford, I think the tablets have been recalled because of the safety issue that was identified. But currently, there's an independent sort of consultant who is looking at the issues with these tablets. Clearly, we're not the manufacturer, so I think out of sort of abundance of caution and safety, we withdrew them. And I think as soon as we get the results back -- and we're in constant conversations with the Guilford authorities, and we expect to have tablets back there once this matter is behind us.
Robert J. Thomson: And just to supplement Bedi's answer, obviously, the core investment in Amplify is going into the curriculum. A school district here or school district there will be indicative of a certain amount of receptivity. But really, longer term, and I think you need to view Amplify longer term, the scale rollout of our curriculum will take place in the fall of 2014.
Operator: And the next question comes from Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to go back to John's first question on the cost dynamics in the News and Information Service sector -- segment. It looked like, on a sequential basis, the costs really came down quite a bit. And so I'm wondering if you could just sort of elaborate on what caused such a big drop quarter-to-quarter. I know you mentioned some of the cost cuts you've done in the past are starting to come through. But is there anything unusual in this quarter? And then I think Alan has a follow-up.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So I think the -- well, unusual -- I think the only thing that's sort of a one-off probably is we shut down The Daily. So that had an impact on -- of about $6 million, I think, on costs. So that was sort of a onetime item. I think, generally, we expect to see this sort of level of cost reduction continuing to flow through in the following quarters. But again, you've got to sort of temper that with what I said, which is we're facing revenue headwinds. So I think -- I'm not sure we'll continue to see EBITDA margin expansion of the same amount in the quarters to come. But I think we certainly expect to see some of these costs flow through.
Operator: The next question will come from Adam Alexander with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Bedi, I was just interested in your comments that Foxtel EBITDA was up mid-teens for the quarter. Can you just give us any more color on what's driving that? And anything on, say, net adds, churn or ARPU that you've got handy?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Actually, we're not -- I think on the ARPU and churn, we're not really giving out numbers on the quarterly basis. I think we sort of tend to do that on an annual basis. The EBITDA improvement has been from the integration of Austar. I think they've realized a sort of nice number of synergies. So that's principally being the, I think, driving reason for the EBITDA improvement.
Operator: Next question comes from Samantha Carleton with Credit Suisse.
Fraser McLeish - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's actually Fraser McLeish here from Credit Suisse. Just a couple from me. Just on -- could you give us any idea of how the -- or how sizable the digital revenues are within your various news and information businesses now? That would be the first one. And just secondly, on Foxtel and Fox Sports, is there any purchase price amortization charges in those EBITDA numbers we're looking at?
Bedi Ajay Singh: On the EBITDA numbers, there's no amortization charges despite the definition. And then on digital revenues, we're actually not giving out right now the kind of splits of digital revenues in our segments. But I mean, we are seeing, as Robert mentioned, a nice pick up in some of our digital statistics. I think Robert mentioned mobile usage on Wall Street Journal is up almost 50%. So I think were seeing traction in all of our digital properties. Clearly, on ebooks, we're having -- as I gave the statistics, we had almost 31% in ebook sales growth.
Robert J. Thomson: Just to supplement Bedi's answer, it's a little too early, as we indicated, to give you meaningful metrics on Sun+. But certainly, what we're seeing at The Times is good growth in digital, and that translates into strong -- potentially strong growth in digital advertising. Because what you have there is a genuinely premium audience who are paying to access the content. And as I mentioned in my introductory statement, they have an affinity with The Times, which is material and meaningful, and that sort of affinity, we're finding through our programmatic exchange, is genuinely attractive to advertisers.
Operator: And moving on to Bill Bird with FBR.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Could you talk a bit about how the digital subscription rollout is progressing in Australia?
Robert J. Thomson: Bill, it's very early days. As you know, we have a new management team in place in Australia, under the great leadership of Julian Clarke and Peter Tonagh, who came across from Foxtel; and Susan Panuccio, our new CFO. Julian is looking at that strategy at the moment. What we are able to do as a company is learn from each other. So there'll be lessons from The Wall Street Journal for Australia. There will be lessons from Sun+, and that genuinely is one of the advantages of the new News.
Operator: And the following question comes from Entcho Raykovski with Deutsche Bank.
Entcho Raykovski - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question is around the NRL costs within Cable Network Programming. Are you able to provide more detail around the quantum of uplift in the current quarter and what sort of drop off you expect into the second quarter of the year? And then finally, heading into quarter 3 and 4, whether you expect those to be broadly, I guess, flat on the PCP, given it's cycling some of the increased costs already?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Yes. I mean, NRL right costs for this quarter, the impact was around $20 million. I don't think we're giving numbers for future quarters. But clearly, it's seasonal. So -- or the season is pretty much in this quarter.
Robert J. Thomson: Many companies talk about seasonality in results, but when you have football seasons, you have genuine seasonality.
Operator: And this next question comes from Mike Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris: Two topics, if you could. First, I know you're not getting specific on digital revenue, but you talked about a pretty big mobile growth number at Wall Street Journal, that 50% to 60%, yet advertising still is flat at the Journal. So can you talk about -- is there some kind of growth in mobile that's being partially offset by traditional? Or is it still too early to have mobile impact? And if so, maybe kind of how long does it take? Or what's the gating factor there? And then also just on the Rugby League cost, could you educate us a little bit about the benefit of the contract? It hurts you in this quarter. What's the return profile on that type of investment? Does it drive subgrowth in the future? Does it -- why take the higher drag in the current quarter?
Robert J. Thomson: I'll take the first question, and Bedi the second. What we truly are seeing is mass migration in mass media. When you talk about a 59% increase in audience for a premium product like The Wall Street Journal, you're talking about both a significant trend and a significant opportunity. It's just a little early for us to quantify what that means in terms of long-term advertising trends. I think what you can see we've done is create the programmatic exchange, which enables us to sell across properties, but also to get our maximum yield for premium properties like the Journal on any platform, including mobile.
Bedi Ajay Singh: And just on the Rugby League, I think -- look, after AFL, it's sort of the most popular sport, and it's a must-have programming you have to have if you're into the sports programming business, underpins our current subscriber base. I think it's very helpful to have for the digital platform, where we are -- where Foxtel is currently putting out new offerings. But I think we sort of view it as must-have programming.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Huber with Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Can you give us some more clarity, please, within your Cable Network Programming on a year-over-year basis pro forma? How did the advertising revenues do there versus a year ago, and also, I guess, your speculation of the subscription revenues there please?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Well, I think on a pro forma basis, we had good growth in advertising. It was up almost 50%. And subscription, as I said, was up around 8%. Advertising currently is around 19% of total revenue, roughly.
Robert J. Thomson: I think, as Bedi mentioned, there has been a significant increase in advertising. And you'll recall that we mentioned at the Investor Day that, that was going to be one of our priorities, that in between sports events, the team there, under Patrick Delany, was improving the quality of the programming and, around that, building out an offering that was more attractive to advertisers. And quite frankly, that has come to pass.
Operator: And moving on to Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: My question is about the News and Information business, please. I think I missed a number that you may have given out about the performance in Australia. And I'm curious about your comment about how the first quarter is not indicative of the run rate for the next few quarters. Could you just give a little bit more color, please, on the revenues in Australia and what you're doing there? I know you've talked about it at your Investor Day, but what you're doing there and what we should expect in terms of margin for the rest of the year, please?
Bedi Ajay Singh: So I mean, Australia, the advertising revenue, I said, has declined around 25%, which included a 10% negative impact from foreign currency. And basically, in terms of the sort of cost side of the equation, we expect sort of cost savings to continue. But what I meant was if you look at revenues, and revenues being under pressure for News and Information Services, I think EBITDA margin expansion sort of continues to remain challenged when we look forward.
Operator: And the next question comes from Westcott Rochette with S&P Capital IQ.
Westcott Rochette - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: Just a question back on the Cable. If we look at it kind of on an annual basis, the business was running kind of mid- to low-30s. EBITDA margin was down lower. I understand you have some contracts that kind of came up. But as you absorb those contracts and rebuild advertising, is it -- are you looking to get back to a 30% margin in that business? Or is it kind of more subgrowth kind of going forward?
Bedi Ajay Singh: Look, I think FOX SPORTS Australia obviously benefits when we have subscriber growth. I think that's one of the metrics that we look for. And clearly, as Robert mentioned, there's been improvement in advertising as well, without giving specific sort of EBITDA margin targets on any of these businesses. But we would certainly look to extract efficiencies and certainly look to maintain margins in the business.
Operator: And the next question comes from Samantha Carleton with Credit Suisse.
Samantha Elizab Carleton - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a question around Dow Jones. Can you talk a little bit about the price [indiscernible] of the investment in the institutional business and when you expect revenue to kick in there?
Robert J. Thomson: Samantha, we're obviously in a very early phase of the development of DJX. The problems at Dow Jones in the B2B business are certainly well known to everybody on this call, and we were very candid about them on the Investor Day. It really goes back to that period of [indiscernible] trauma, where Dow Jones lost ground to its competitors. So this is a major restructuring of that business. The first iteration of DJX is just off the blocks, and so you'll have to give the Dow Jones team and us a little while before we can give you an accurate read on its market penetration. But this is a significant development for Dow Jones and, frankly, trying to improve the fortunes of -- part of the business is about 30% of the Dow Jones business, but trying to reverse the fortunes of a part of the business that is -- hasn't performed to its -- to our expectations or to its potential for really almost 2 decades.
Operator: And next question comes from Alan Gould with Evercore.
Alan Gould: I was just wondering what your thoughts are on your dividend policy going forward.
Bedi Ajay Singh: It's Bedi here. Clearly, as we've said in our filings, there is an expectation that we will be paying a dividend. I think the timing and the amount is going to be determined by the board. But again, as we said before at the Investor Day, I think right now, we're focused on sort of managing the operating businesses, stabilizing the revenues and, I think, internal investments. And as Robert said, this is one of the uses of capital we have. So clearly, it's something we said we would do. But I think at this point in time, it's too early to sort of speculate on how much and when.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions, sir.
Michael Florin: Okay. Thank you, all, for your time. Talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-05-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Reed Nolte - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David F. DeVoe - Executive Director Chase Carey - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director, President of The Media & Entertainment Arm and Chief Operating Officer of The Media & Entertainment Arm James Rupert Murdoch - Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Director, Chairman of News International and Chief Executive Officer News International
Analysts: Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, News Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2013 earnings conference call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; James Murdoch, Deputy Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. First, we will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended March 31, 2013, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, the definition of and the reconciliation of such measures can be found on our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment operating income, adjusted segment operating income and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Reed, thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. As you all have seen in today's earnings release, our third quarter reflected continued solid growth in our Cable Networks, retrans-led growth at our Television station and increased earnings at Filmed Entertainment. Higher earnings contributions from these segments were partially offset by declines in the Publishing, DBS and other segments. The current quarter's operating income result also includes $25 million in cost related to the proposed separation of the company's Entertainment and Publishing businesses and a $42 million charge related to the ongoing investigation in the United Kingdom, as compared to a $63 million charge in the third quarter a year ago. Excluding these charges from both years, third quarter adjusted segment operating income of $1.43 billion increased 4% from the year-ago adjusted result of $1.38 billion. Third quarter reported revenues were up 14%, led by strong Cable Networks and Filmed Entertainment growth, which were both up 17% compared to the third quarter a year ago. Partially offsetting these revenue increases were mid- to low-single digit declines in Publishing and at SKY Italia. Additionally, this quarter's result includes the consolidation of Sky Deutschland and Fox Sports Australia, which contributed approximately $540 million in revenue this quarter. Our share reported results from our equity earnings and affiliates was $47 million lower than a year ago. While this decrease primarily reflects this quarter's reduced gain from participation in BSkyB's share repurchase program, partially offset by the absence of Sky Deutschland's losses, this business is now consolidated. Also included in this quarter's result is $2.4 billion of income in other net, which is primarily from noncash gains related to our acquisition of the consolidated ownership stake in Sky Deutschland and the sale of our ownership position in SKY Networks Television in New Zealand. These gains were partially offset by $56 million of pretax restructuring charges. Reported net income in the quarter was $2.85 billion, with reported earnings per share of $1.22 as compared to reported earnings per share a year ago of $0.38. Excluding the net income effect in both years and onetime gains, primarily consisting of the items I just highlighted, third quarter adjusted earnings per share this year are $0.36, slightly below the year-ago adjusted result of $0.37, and this reflects this year's higher adjusted effective tax rate. Our press release includes a reconciliation of our GAAP results to these amounts. And with that, I'd like to now provide some additional context on the performance at just a few of our businesses. I'd like to begin with the Cable Networks. This segment continues to drive overall company results, generating about 70% of News Corporation's total segment operating income. Third quarter segment results were driven by strong revenue growth, reflecting organic, domestic and international channel strength, as well as the inclusion of new international sports networks in Europe and Asia. Operating income at the segment grew 17% over year-ago levels, with domestic channels up 16% and international channels up 21%. Reported affiliate fees at the Cable Networks increased 18% over year-ago levels. Domestic affiliate revenues increased 11% over last year, with double-digit growth at all principal domestic channels. While reported international affiliate fees were up 42%, this growth was 25% after factoring out the effects of new sports channel and foreign-exchange, reflecting strong local currency organic growth, both at the Fox International Channels and at STAR. Third quarter advertising for the segment were up 12% over year-ago levels, with domestic ad growth of 2% and reported international ad increases of 30%. On the domestic channels, double-digit growth at the FX Networks and National Geographic channels were partially offset by lower advertising revenues at the Fox News Channel due to the absence of the presidential primary, which occurred on the prior year, and at the RSN, due to fewer games -- fewer NBA games. At our international channels, local currency organic advertising growth was approximately 20%, when excluding the new sports channel and foreign-exchange impact. Total Cable segment expenses increased 17% over the third quarter a year ago, with over 2/3 of these increase attributable to the new international sports networks, including the investments in BCCI cricket rights in India and expenses associated with consolidation of the Fox Star Sports Asia and EMM networks. The rest of the increase reflects higher programming and marketing costs to FX Networks and National Geographic channels, reduced by lower NBA rights cost at the RSNs, resulting from broadcast of fewer games, which is a result of the lockout -- the NBA lockout a year ago. At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $196 million increased 15% versus the third quarter a year ago due to a near-doubling of retransmission revenues and lower programming expenses at Fox Broadcasting Company. These improvements were partially offset by lower advertising revenues, due principally to weaker primetime ratings of American Idol. At our Film segment, third quarter operating income was $289 million, which is 6% ahead of the year-ago result. These contributions include the successful worldwide theatrical and domestic home entertainment performance of Life of Pi and the successful worldwide home entertainment performance of Taken 2 and Ice Age: Continental Drift, partially offset by higher releasing cost, primarily from the successful release of The Croods for DreamWorks Animation. Our DBS segment reported a loss of $11 million in the quarter, reflecting the first time consolidation of Sky Deutschland -- Sky Deutschland's results and lower profit contributions generated by SKY Italia. Our results reflect the inclusion of $410 million in Sky Deutschland revenues. Sky D reported ARPU gains of 4% and year-over-year subscriber increase of 320,000. We are highly confident with the local management's plan to continue to grow this business with a strong content and service offering and an underpenetrated premium pay-TV market in Germany. Lower profit contributions of SKY Italia is primarily a result of challenging economic environment in Italy. It continues to negatively affect subscriber additions, with SKY reporting a net loss of 51,000 subscribers in the quarter. Local currency revenues were down 2% compared to the third quarter a year ago with a slight increase in ARPU being offset by the reduced subscriber base. In our Publishing segment, operating income of $85 million decreased $45 million compared to a year ago. These results primarily reflect lower advertising revenues at the Australian newspapers and Integrated Marketing Service businesses that more than offset higher U.K. newspaper contributions, which benefited from reduced marketing and reduced production costs. In Other segment, we reported a third quarter segment operating loss of $190 million. This is $43 million higher from the $147 million loss reported in the same period a year ago. This loss includes higher development costs at the company's education business, $42 million of costs related to the ongoing investigation in the United Kingdom and $25 million of costs related to the proposed separation. These costs were partially offset by higher profits in REA. Before I turn to guidance, let me comment on our buyback program. As you have seen, we have continued to purchase shares while we work through the details of the separation process. And through May 7, we have spent approximately $1.972 billion, repurchasing approximately 79 million shares during this fiscal year. While this pacing is a little slower than originally anticipated, we still intend to complete the full $10 billion authorized program in a timely manner. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2013 total segment operating income. And as a reminder, we measure this guidance excluding from fiscal 2012, the $224 million in charges related to the ongoing investigation in the United Kingdom, resulting in a base of $5.6 billion in segment operating income for comparative purposes. Since our last call we did 3 months ago, we've updated our operational assumptions to reflect our third quarter performance and our outlook for the remainder of our fiscal year. After excluding the full year effect of the United Kingdom investigation costs and separation costs, and based on all the assumptions inherent in our projections, we expect that our total segment operating income percentage growth rate for fiscal 2013 will continue to be in the mid- to high-single digit range, above the $5.6 billion fiscal 2012 segment operating income base. Before turning the call over to Chase, I'd like to give you a brief update on our plan to separate our Publishing and Media and Entertainment businesses into 2 distinct, publicly traded companies. Early last week we filed our proxy, setting the date of June 11 for a special meeting of stockholders to approve amendments to our charter. These amendments are required to enable us to complete the proposed separation. At this time, we are on plan for the separation to be completed around the end of the current fiscal year. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chase.
Chase Carey: Thanks, Dave. In addition to the solid earnings Dave just ran through, we also made substantial progress in the quarter. Our top priority is to complete the separation, which as Dave just said, is on track to be completed around the end of June. We continue to believe that the separation will enhance management focus and align it with our investors while unlocking the true value of our assets. We plan to provide additional detail on both businesses, the new News Corp. and 21st Century Fox, will host -- each host their own Investor Day to help inform investors on their respective operations, strategies and outlooks. New News Corp. will hold its Investor Day in the afternoon of May 28 in New York and June 5 in Australia. 21st Century Fox's Investor Day will take place in early August following our year-end earnings. While the separation is our top priority, we also continued to streamline our operations by reducing nonstrategic minority stakes. This last quarter, we sold our 44% stake in SKY New Zealand for about $670 million. We also reduced our stake in Phoenix Satellite Television in Hong Kong, raising another $92 million. In addition, we took the opportunity to consolidate a previous equity investment at Sky Deutschland by subscribing for additional shares. We're excited about the long-term prospects of this business in Europe's largest market with close to 40 million TV households. In the most recent quarter, Sky D added 42,000 net new subscribers for current total subs of more than 3.4 million. In addition, March quarter revenues were up 14% year-on-year and the quarter's EBITDA was positive. Another important priority for us is to build businesses that capitalize and leverage our existing assets and leadership position, both domestically and internationally. This last quarter, we announced the upcoming launches of 2 exciting new Cable opportunities, Fox Sports 1 and FXX, as well as new international launches. In many ways, sports has been a driving force our entire channels business. Fox Sports 1 will add a new dimension to our sports business, which largely exists today on our broadcast network and regional sports networks. At this point, it's only natural to leverage our sports franchise, our distribution, our relationships with viewers and advertisers and our expertise of developing an exciting new sports offering with significant value opportunity and relatively low risk. In September, we will launch FXX, an extension of successful FX Network targeting slightly younger 18 to 34 demographics. FXX will leverage the stellar job FX has done, carving out a position at the top of the pyramid of entertainment networks. We expect the launch of FXX to add new dimensions to the future value of the FX family of channels. We are also continuing to build or expand our cable franchises abroad. Our full ownership of Fox Star Sports in Asia, along with the recently acquired BCCI cricket rights in India, together will help us ramp up earnings from those markets over the next 5 to 10 years. We also recently launched Fox Sports Japan. These initiatives will require short-term investments. We expect to be able to make these investments and still maintain solid short-term growth. As we've stated before, our overall goal is to build long-term value in cash flow while delivering short-term profit growth that reflects a combination of strength in core operations, while observing the costs associated with new growth initiatives. We expect these initiatives to enable us to create new businesses that will generate annual profit in excess of the initial cost in 3 to 5 years with asset value worth multiples of that. A third priority for us is to continue investing in valuable content that head into the value chain. We've clearly been very successful in developing new content in our movie and TV studios as demonstrated by our Film segment profit and at our Cable Networks. The momentum in those businesses continues. Our summer film slate is well positioned with Epic, The Internship, The Heat and Wolverine in the next few months, not to mention our next DreamWorks film following on The Croods. In Television, we're looking forward to the network upfront next week with a great set of pilots, as well as exciting new cable series like The Bridge, Tyrant and Fargo. There are no such -- there are no sure things in the creative businesses, but we feel great about the strength of these operations. In our Networks group, National Geographic, broke a number of viewership records with its first ever original factual drama, Kelly Lincoln in February, and as well as the exciting launch of its new series Brain Games in April, a great sign of things to come on the program front of that channel. And finally, FX, January was the highest rating month in the network's 18-year history, thanks to very strong premiere numbers for The Americans, as well as the season finale of American Horror Story and strong performances from Justified and Archer. However, we're clearly disappointed with season's ratings at the FOX broadcast network and are taking steps now to improve next season's lineup. We are looking forward to prudent creative risks that offer audiences fresh and engaging entertainment. We look forward to sharing our new lineup of shows next week at the FOX upfront. In addition to reinvigorating our traditional Television businesses, we believe it's essential to continue embracing new digital technologies in a way that expands revenue windows while supporting the pay-TV business model. We've seen stabilization of home entertainment revenues with the emergence and acceptance of new digital formats and these formats are poised to grow the business over the next few years. We're also seeing progress in the build-out of authenticated TV Everywhere services by the pay-TV operators, and these services have become an integral part of recent contracts with pay-TV providers and rights dealers. Our recent agreement with Comcast is an excellent example of our commitment to work with our partners to deliver the best TV content to viewers when and where they want it. Finally, we continue to improve the efficiency of our balance sheet. Although we have continued to repurchase our stock over the course of this fiscal year and remain fully committed to the buyback, we determined that it was more appropriate to complete the repurchase after the separation. In closing, we believe we're in a incredibly strong position in multiple fronts. We will look forward to the many benefits the separation will afford us as we head towards the planned completion in just a couple of months. Thank you.
Reed Nolte: And now, operator, we'd like to have Chase, James and Dave take questions from the investment community.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson of Nomura Securities.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have one for Chase and one for David. Chase, you mentioned the strength of FX, which -- a lot of the hit shows you guys have. You also have some of these shows on Netflix. And I wonder if you think having a Netflix is a benefit to the network, and would you keep them on there and help the network? Or at some point, do you put them behind or garden and drive more value that way? So how do you think about your FX hits and how they've gone to the web?
Chase Carey: You want to ask both questions or only one?
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes, the second one is can you give us a sense for both you guys on startup costs associated with Fox Sports 1 and FXX in the first year, so any additional costs as you think about next year?
Chase Carey: I think in terms of Netflix, we've been -- certainly, it's been an important addition to our business, but I think we've been very thoughtful and very careful about sort of making sure we establish sort of appropriate parameters, I guess, following rules around how we window the products, to make sure every business is able to continue to grow profitability, successfully, whether it's content creation business or the network business. And I think at some point, the proof continues to be there in the pudding. Certainly, FX kind of has been -- has really just gotten stronger and stronger since going on through the year. I think we continue to monitor -- in all of these digital -- Netflix, all these digital outlets. But I think the availability of product in -- on the Netflix is really in a time frame that is very different than that on FX, and we think gives FX plenty of room to continue to grow and differentiate itself and continue to excite customers with that product. In some ways, you get the library experience through Netflix, so -- and I don't think it's that -- it's sort of the next-generation of windowing that has existed in this business throughout. I think we'll continue to monitor. We'll continue to evaluate. We'll continue to make sure each of our businesses can grow and grow in a healthy way as these digital platforms emerge. But I think we feel pretty comfortable with sort of how we've approached it today. We have a lot of flexibility in our agreements. And these digital platforms give us a great deal of flexibility to control what product we put in and flexibility in determining what the appropriate windows or times that we want to do so. So again, I think we feel pretty comfortable with that. I think in terms of the second question, the sort of accumulation, I guess, of sort of FS 1, I mean, we clearly have a number of initiatives going on right now. We do think, and we've said, we can manage these in the context of maintaining short-term, solid profit growth. I'd say between FXX, FS 1, the international networks, we're launching up next year probably looking sort of a couple hundred million and change to grow those out. We do think in sort of that 3-, 5-year timeframe, those differences become profitable, actually become profitable at a rate that on an annual basis, we will see what we put into those investments and obviously, for that valuation, that would be an asset valuation that would be significantly higher. So we think that's the right way for us to approach it. As I said at the opening comments, we think it's appropriate for us to balance both the healthy short-term and long-term story. Our priority ultimately at the end of the day is building long-term cash flow and value. And we want to build businesses, not buy businesses. That's what we're doing in this case. And we have some unique opportunities and we think these are all going to be exciting business and again, we can manage that investment and maintain the type of solid short-term growth that we'd like to do so, that we'd like to do.
Operator: Next question from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, whoever wants to answer, but 2 questions also. You have very valuable real estate, which you're starting to monetize first with Fox Sports 1 and FXX. Just wondering if you would comment on the potential for any other undermonetized or underutilized networks to be converted? And would you think about the upside in Cable Networks over the next few years? Is it -- or maybe for the 21st Century Fox company, is -- I don't know if we're [ph] working, but what is -- is the biggest driver sports and non-fiction or is it something else? And the second question is, I was hoping somebody would comment on 21st Century Fox, what your balance sheet objectives will be and how you guys are going to think about capital returns versus acquisitions.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean I think in the short term, I mean, we've actually I think I would say our short-term focus is really executing I think, well, it could be opportunistic, but I think our short-term focus in terms of your question are the rather underdeveloped franchises we can build on. I think, realistically, our short-term focus will be to take the ones we've got and really, the next year or 2 get them to where they should be. Yes, again, I -- if we see something, I think we always want to be opportunistic, but we -- the timing was such that we had a number of opportunities to take advantage of some of that timing of rights, some of that's a timing of when our agreements come up with the distributors so -- and some of that was opportunistic in the international market. So I think with the combination of, I think, international and what we've done, I think the focus will really be in the very short term, getting those businesses to where we want them today. And we feel great about that path we're on. I think in general, we'll continue to look at the franchise we have, again, I do you're in a period where it's important that you -- you do have somewhat of a shifting from sort of quantity to quality. So I think we want to make -- we really want to build every network to a place where it can carry its own weight and really, be an important network. Some are narrower than others; that doesn't mean every network appeal to the same breadth of audience. But we think it's very important to have networks that really can each -- they may have [ph] a growth period, so clearly, any network has to get up to speed, any new network. But, I mean, some will get there faster than others, but every network is one we believe really can, as I said, I guess, if it carries its own weight in the marketplace there. And again, we're really focused on building quality networks that really can be leaders in each of the category. The value is going to be in having leading networks, hit products, what have you. I think in a fragmented, increasingly competitive world, you want to -- I think you want to focus on -- so whether, again, [ph] networks or content product that can be the best in the game. And that's what we're striving to do. I'm not going to say a lot about -- I think in the balance sheet, we are -- for the 21st Century Fox balance sheet, those are really things -- I think we're going to look to that April -- I mean, that August Investor Day. We still, again, have not put the Board in place for the company. And I think we'd look to provide, really, the appropriate visibility to -- plans for the business, operating plans for business and our priorities, but equally, on issues around the balance sheet; return of capital to shareholders and the like. We certainly plan to continue -- to finish the buyback. We thought that, as I said, it was better done, sort of, with re-energizing that post- the split. But I think clarity in terms of looking forward what are the philosophies and plans around return of capital to shareholders, whether it's dividends or buybacks, as well as plans for the business. I think we really want to do that more holistically and with the appropriate bodies in place like the Board. So I think we'll look to the August Investor Day to do that.
David F. DeVoe: Yes, surely we'll try to continue to maintain our balance sheet strength, and if we can maintain a very strong credit rating as we go forward.
Operator: Next question from the line of Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One for Chase, one for Dave. Sports is obviously becoming an increasingly interesting topic for News Corp. I'm not sure how easy this is, Chase, but I was hoping you could walk through in regards to your international investments in sports content, what sports or regions you're still missing that you'd like to have? And what big items might come up for renewal soon, so we just get a sense of how investments in sports might impact international Cable Networks? And Dave, I don't know if there's any chance you can give us the revenue and cost impact for the NBA shift to the March quarter, but that would be helpful, trying to get the core Cable Network growth.
Chase Carey: Again, I'd say on the international networks, really it's probably sliced, to some degree, domestically -- I mean, internationally. I think our focus would be much more in execution than adding. I mean, I think we feel we've got now, sort of, the foundation of networks that we want. We've got sports networks in Latin America, Asia, Australia that will have obviously go with the new News Corp. Broad slots of Europe, those are more through the SKY platforms, but we are now in sports businesses through owned or affiliated companies; Germany, U.K., Italy, Netherlands. So we've got -- and obviously, then in sports businesses in the United States. So I would end up saying, geographically, we've got a portfolio that we feel very good about. And the focus would be on building -- as well as with rights. I mean, there'll be renewals that come up in the [indiscernible] report [ph] I mean, the international, in Europe, the international soccer rights, usually a 3- or 4-year deals. So they'll come around on their normal sort of rotation. And I think there are rights in Latin America, like Champions League. So I think the rights that exist come up on various rotations, some of a bit longer as cricket rights in India are a bit -- are longer than that. I think we're only in the first year of that 7-year deal there. So a maturing story, but I think we feel good about the portfolio that we have. I think we'd always, as we always look to certainty as something to make sense to add to it. But I wouldn't say today we feel we have hopes. I mean, I think we feel since we look around those various platforms, we feel we've got the rights in place. I think it's very true in the U.S. with FS 1. Essentially, we've got the rights in place to really fulfill the plans that we've got in place for FS 1 in the United States. So I think we will like -- we will be in the game for rights. And I think it's important if you're in the business to be opportunistic, but we feel pretty good about the portfolio of rights we have. Certainly, the rights we have will enable us to fulfill the plans that -- again, to fill the plans, we've got in place. We don't need to add rights to be -- to have our businesses to develop and execute on the plans we put in place for those businesses. I think I didn't ask -- to your question, let me answer Jessica's question on sort of the importance of sports. And again, I -- sports is certainly uniquely important and I think they're uniquely powerful. But realistically, really, all these -- the 4 content categories we compete in, are all important. I mean, they have to -- we've talked before -- I mean, in Fox News has been a success story, second to none and continues to get stronger. We're excited about that the business network just became profitable and I think is going to be really become a much stronger [ph] competitor in the last 12 months, so that's sort of news category, a huge category for us, an important one, and we think one that we certainly continue to grow. FX has been a great success story. Talk about its success in ratings in January with FXX and FXM, which is really the third leg on that. We've got some -- we're certainly increasing the breadth of entertainment product we're developing forward, some additional concepts in terms of mini series and the like. We've had some great successes around the world, in things like our Fox International Channels with series like Walking Dead, which has been a real driving force for them, as well as a number of other series, like The American Life that they've added to their portfolio. So sports is probably -- certainly as important as any, but we've got big businesses -- I mean, FIC, which we've talked just -- we have talked before Fox International Channels is on track to be a billion-dollar-plus business by '15, and that's essentially an entertainment channel business, so if you look at FIC, that's what it is today. It's just not -- it's not sports, it's not getting -- the fix that you're driving there is essentially -- I don't know, a big group of entertainment channels competing in the international marketplace. So I think it is -- the focus on sports should not sort of lose sight or cloud the importance of these businesses, be it entertainment and news business and other channel businesses for us.
David F. DeVoe: I think on your question on the NBA rights, it's approximately a $40 million -- $40 million to $45 million movement in the quarter. The majority of that is related to the rights as a result of lower games -- fewer games in the current quarter versus a year ago, considering all the NBA games were pushed into the third quarter as a result -- a year ago as a result of the lockout.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's the revenue impact?
David F. DeVoe: No, that's the overall total impact.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Benj Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask a question either to Chase or James about the international Television business, in particular, your Fox Sports Asia, Star Sports Asia and the EMM assets you've added recently that looked like pretty nice contributors to growth. How are you guys thinking about folding those assets into Fox International and thinking about the long-term profit potential? You've given in the past guidance, I think, about $1 billion of OI in '15, and I wanted to see how you were feeling about that number and whether these assets changed that outlook, and maybe you could add STAR to that conversation as well.
James Rupert Murdoch: Sure. Thanks, Ben. It's James here. I think -- well, first of all, as Chase said, the Fox International Channels business are kind of, what you'd call a classic business, before we started some of these sports investments over the last 2 years, is well on track towards that target, you mentioned of $1 billion of profit in 2015, and we feel pretty confident about that. Even though there's ups and downs in different markets, I think the team is pretty confident about that. The 3 -- the sort of 3 main areas have been in terms of expanding the sports portfolio around those channels has really been Latin America with the acquisition last year of the balance of the Fox Pan-America Sports business. Obviously, EMM in Europe and then as you mentioned the Asian -- the acquisition of ESPN share in the ESPN Star Sports. And right now, it's -- for the Asian business, the team is very busy kind of integrating the operations of that business. It's -- ESPN Star Sports in Singapore is a sizable business spread across the region and we want to align it more closely with the channels in India, at STAR as well as the Fox International Channels across the rest of Asia, to distribute those channels together to really use the promotional capability and really, have a stronger overall portfolio in those markets and to be more balanced with respect to entertainment and sports to, hopefully, bring something that really matters to customers in a big way in some fast-growing places as we've done in Latin America as well. In terms of targets, I think, as Chase mentioned earlier, there is an impact of the increased investment in sports. For sure, I think in particular, we see that in addition to the U.S., but in India with the BCCI and the consolidation of some of the -- kind of the lumpier rights costs that are mostly cricket rights in India. And that will impact the short-term overall profitability in India, but I think puts us on track to substantially greater profitability within the 3- to 5-year time frame. And in Asia and -- and the rest of Asia and Latin America, we think it enhances the profitability within the '15 target, I think we will be better and ongoing. So it's a really positive move. It's a lot of work right now, but it really transforms the scale of those businesses.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of David Bank of RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I hate to do this but I'm going to take another pass at Mike's first question, which is if you look at -- to understand the long-term value proposition of the new platforms you've you created, I think you've done a great job articulating them, but if we look at the first year from a practical perspective, and we lump the incremental cost into 2 buckets, sort of promotional marketing launch cost and programming cost, could you give us a ballpark sense of what the incremental is, the launch cost and the programming cost in year one? And second question is, Chase, if you look at where kind of Hulu is today versus what you'd like to see it be, if it executed on its current business plan over the next couple of years, what do you see it being 3 years from now? If it's successful in its current business plan?
Chase Carey: Sure, Dave. One of the -- on the new networks, I'm going to -- again what I -- given what I said, and I guess I'll sort of repeat is domestic and internationally, I think as we look at the next fiscal year, I mean, and we'll give more visibility to this at the Investor Day. But [indiscernible] a little bits and pieces, but I think...
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: [indiscernible] FXX, really, specific to FXX and FS 1?
Chase Carey: Yes, I don't we have anything -- and I think, we're breaking those things down in pieces. Again, I think we'll probably provide that type of visibility more holistically at the Investor Day. And again, we're making investments, we think that's been our plan all along to make short-term investments that we can absorb while maintaining a solid growth rate in the overall business. As I said, I think as we look at the next fiscal '14, it's probably a couple hundred million in change that will go into those. But I think providing more clarity in, I think, is probably the -- to do it -- is to do it appropriately. I think we'll reserve and do it more fully at -- in early August. In...
Unknown Executive: Hulu.
Chase Carey: So Hulu. Look, Hulu, for us, in many ways I think it's the true only-digital platforms. They're a work in progress. Hulu has got great momentum. I think we're particularly excited about the subscription size of Hulu and the growth, I mean, I know they talked about it in the last week or whatever they had in their upfront. We think those dual revenue business models are ones that really the heart of creating success. So, one, I think there's an important role for Hulu classic in that marketplace. But I think the definition of what the product is that goes into that, what windows and the like is something we're continuing to stay actively discuss with our partners in it. I think this digital space will continue to grow but continue to ebb and flow, and I think we clearly have a leading franchise with Hulu. And my guess is Hulu will -- I mean, if you go out a few years, Hulu is probably going to look a bit different than it does today just because think -- even with something like -- Netflix recently talks about sort of evolving their business to slightly different to somewhat different business model. I think that's something we need to decide with our partners, to sort of where the directions we want to shift it, but I think it will continue to evolve as we go forward. But at its core, I think the most exciting part of it is really to develop that dual revenue side of it, take advantage of what Hulu's real leadership position, I think, in providing viewers the opportunity to access sort of more current products in a way that -- to add to dimension to their viewing experience today with selective original and other unique product that we can add to it. But I think it's essentially an opportunity for us to build the business that -- to take advantage of its leadership position in digital space and build a business that, we think, adds new dimension to the businesses we have today.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield of BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Your core cable network business has been vibrant. You're actively expanding it in the sports category and kind of live that you talked about. But broadcast TV is, Chase, as you touched on, really is struggling. And this isn't just a FOX, it seems to be kind of industry-wide with ratings under some pretty serious pressure. And you, all and others are doing a great job of driving retrans to stem the decline, but we keep seeing kind of lower viewership across the board. You're seeing more people skipping commercials with DVRs and using SVOD like Netflix has -- was discussed earlier. And just when you start to see cable shows regularly beating broadcast shows, from your own networks, as well as some other people's cable networks, what is the right strategy for broadcast networks and station groups as you look out over the next few years? Like how do you reposition this going forward?
Chase Carey: Look, I think there's no question; it's not been great year for the Broadcast business overall, just from a content creative perspective. But yes, I don't think -- I think you've got to take a step back and STAR, you've got to recognize these -- certainly, FOX -- I really think it's still the 4 broadcast networks are still the dominant form of events Television today by multiples. I mean, yes, there are select shows and the world's going to keep fragmenting. And there are shows that show up here and there, but if you really take a step back and say where do most of these sort of -- who are the still the viewership leaders by a wide margin in aggregate? Where does most of the events Television sort of reside that really drives business today? It is in broadcast Television. I think we have to -- I think we probably have to continue to figure out in the -- in the script today, sort of in the entertainment side, how do we compete effectively and have -- where people have more and more choices. I think they're [ph] being discussed, as you've thought about it before, if world has started creating 100 titles for us, 4 networks, and throwing all these series on -- is that the right way and do you need to sort of be a bit more targeted in the types of series do you believe it and invest deeper, than certainly the cable industry does, is take fewer vest [ph] , invest deeper and bigger in those vests [ph] to create series. The network, I think, are starting to have been a bit more about volume gain, probably a little bit more still stuck in sort of historical practices of [ph] everything goes into September everything wraps [up in May. And do you need to break some of those rules? And I think the answer is clearly yes, but these are great platforms, these are platforms that still they cannot drive the marketplace to create -- when you talk about sort of -- what is the product that whether it's sports, events, entertainment, that half hours, hours, what is the product that drives this marketplace? It's still the product business as far as performance to -- kind of close the network Television, network Television. That being said there's no question there are going to be more virtualized systems, choices and people are going to continue to find those choices. But I think in some ways, for the networks to compete, what they need to do is probably to discard a few rules that the business has continued -- sort of the old habit and rules and probably, take some shots that I think, hopefully, next week will be the start of that for us as we launch, and we're excited about schedule putting out there next week. And we think we're going to -- we think it's important for us to start to try to -- beginning to -- I mean, not that we haven't done this in places, but I think to get -- compete in different ways and try to do some different things that can really excite the marketplace and we think there are real opportunities to do it. This broadcast network continues to be a platform second to none in terms of its strength of distribution, brands and relationship with consumers.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger of Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I got another one on FS 1 and FXX, I think it's the new one and I think you might be able to add some color. I want to talk a little bit about from the distribution side, I mean obviously you needed consent from your distribution partners for these conversions. I think you did, especially at FXX, which is a pretty big format change. So I guess I'm just wondering if there's any -- I guess, you got that consent, by the way, because it sounds like you have launch dates. So I'm wondering if there's any quid pro quo around getting that approval. I mean, especially if they were off-cycle, you needed them to do something for you and I wonder if they used that to inject discussions about future timing or magnitude or increases in fees, anything you could make on that is one. And then the other, just a quick comment would be great on home video, you cited home video several times in the release and then your comments says -- sounding like a good guy for the quarter, just wondering, would you -- is it fair to say that revenue was up year-over-year in home video and -- it sounds like, and then so, how much of that was specific releases? Or do you think that's emblematic of the entire market? And if so, how was that shaping out between the purchase and rental and different platforms?
Chase Carey: Yes. I think on the distribution side of each channel, I mean, I'm going to get too deep into our sort of relationships with the distributors. We're quite comfortable from where we are and the plans we got in place and the strength of the networks we're putting forth and our ability to achieve the plans we've set out there and -- but essentially, as to specific terms in relation to any distribution agreement, I think those are things that exist between us and our distribution partners. On the...
Unknown Executive: One second, [indiscernible] information in a bit.
Chase Carey: On home video, yes, I think home video has got some nice momentum and it will be up -- I mean, markets up -- yes, I think market's up this quarter. I think that was something like 5% and we're up a bit more than that. Really, in -- the real driving force of it is digital, which is recently getting some traction in these business platforms, both rental and sell-through. And we've tried a number of initiatives. We have this premium pre-DVD releases that's been a real success for us, continues to grow. I think the overall marketplace continues to grow really well. And I think you see the digital becoming an increasing -- a growing percentage of what we do. The DVD side of it is stabilized to sort of Blu-ray, offsetting the decline in the older format. And I think some of the areas that we didn't like, low-price, really low-priced discount rentals sort of becoming less of a force, and I think the attractiveness of digital is really catching on. More people, being aware of it, I think we have a big -- better job marketing it. And I think we're excited that you can add to your, obviously, a period of a couple of years where you were sort of digesting a real sort of reselling of the home entertainment business as it -- as the DVD matured, that I think you've got some growth that we -- I don't think it's going to explode in the next few years, but I think we got some -- yes, some nice healthy growth through that business that is really led by an increased usage, awareness, marketing, better product availabilities in both rental and sell-through on the digital setting.
Operator: Okay. And the next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker of Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Chase, you've talked about FOX broadcast potentially going to potentially to a pay-TV model in response to area, so 2 questions I have. First of all, would FOX lose money at least initially in moving to this model? And then secondly, would you consider divesting your TV station portfolio at that point?
Chase Carey: I think it's getting -- I mean, getting further down the road and again, I think the point we tried -- the point we're making is the Broadcast business to be a healthy business and to be one that's able to deliver the type of quality entertainment and events it has, needs to be a dual revenue business and if it became an ad-supported only business, it really would not be able to compete effectively, as it's now able to do. And I think it's -- in the past, when it was -- when it wasn't a dual revenue business, one of the reasons why you saw product sort of moving continuously from broadcast to cable. And that, in many ways is our point -- we're -- I'm not going to get into the legal issues that we're currently engaged in because, again, we should deal with them in the appropriate forum. But that's the point. We'd like -- we believe we're in the legal rights. We're going to pursue our rights, I don't think getting into hypotheticals and is really, at this point, constructive. We like the broadcast model as long our rights are respected and which essentially means those third-parties, who want to redistribute our product, pay us a fair value. So as part of that, individual consumers that want to access it directly can do so. And with that model, we think we can continue to build product broadcast as sort of centerpiece of our overall networks business. And that's the path we'd like to pursue. We like the Broadcast business so long it's one that we can get fairly compensated for the products we invest in and the network that we built, that's the path we'd want to pursue. But there are, again, the point we've made [ph] , there are other paths. If eventually revenue stream is not available down the road, there are other paths we can pursue that we think lead us still to a very profitable business. But our choice would be to continue to build the business and potentially, as you know, today from consumers.
Operator: Okay. And the next question comes from the line of Barton Crockett of Lazard Capital Markets.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. I wanted to ask a little bit about ad trends, given what was coming on the upfront. I was wondering if you could update us on what you're seeing in scatter -- relative to upfront pricing? And also on the domestic cable-front, I mean you have the tough comp 2% growth because of the political comps that Fox Sports and the RSN comps, I was wondering if you could give us any color on whether we see more comp issues over the next couple of quarters as we cycle through the year.
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean on the upfront, I mean, right now we actually have a very healthy scatter market. And scatter market is probably up mid-double digits, not better [ph] probably that. So I'm not going to get -- some of my colleagues like to make predictions. I'm not going to get into prediction business. But I guess, if you look at the ones you look at, you've got a very healthy scatter market there and you have a pretty decent scatter market throughout. And I think, again, that always certainly comes into light of how much did -- appears and what happened. Therefore, that's the upfront market versus waiting for the scatter market -- buying into the scatter market. But today, you'd certainly say it is -- the market has gotten a bit stronger and in recent weeks so it's got some nice momentum to it. I think in terms of the cable network, I think Dave touched on it, I mean it really is sort of bit of a mixed bag on the advertising side. Actually, FX and Nat Geo were very strong, getting strong and even strong double digits, it's just -- the news business has got, which is the reality of the news business, the headwinds of the political comps. You had, again, the big presidential year, election year last year and you're not going to have that spending again. And clearly, the news network is -- it didn't make the money that, more than any -- more than our other businesses, some of the [indiscernible] , some in the local station markets in certain places. But to that end and the event in the RSNs. So the RSNs has a number of quite large, I think it's close to 100 games or something less. And there are a couple of rights that aren't there anymore. We had the Lakers year, going out with [ph] the Lakers this year, so there's also some -- and [indiscernible] it will be handful of reasons, but the RSNs and news have tougher comps again for politicals, gains and a couple of rights that we don't have in the flip side of things, National Geographic and FX have really been quite strong.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adam Alexander of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Chase, I just had a question specifically on Fox News. It seems to be a bit of a tough quarter even taking into consideration the comp, and with channel feeding some shares to competitors, which is the first time we've seen that in a while, I just want to get your view on that and perhaps, procedures you've got in place to turn that around?
Chase Carey: I mean, I against it all. With all respect, I would disagree with the characterization of M&A. We could always have events that change, whether it's certain events, some do better with -- and they tend to hurt when you get to certain events -- some type events that certain networks become the short-term beneficiary, but I think that should ebb and flow and timing of the business, I -- look, I mean, I think Fox News is -- I think, continues to just -- I'll use the phrase I used before, be a juggernaut. I can't think of anything, just finished, [indiscernible] #2 network overall and the Television, and I think -- I can't remember which one of that, TNT or USA or somebody was behind, but was #2 overall. It's, I guess, you want to take a short enough time period, we can always talk to you -- we're always planning [indiscernible] a week, probably where it's nothing compared well, but I think in any sort of form of measurements that sort of take those short-term variability, the lesser short-term variability out of it, I think Fox Sports, Fox News just continues to be in a class by itself.
Operator: And then the final question comes from the line of Tim Nollen of Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: It's a little different from all the others preceding. It's actually about the Amplify education business, an asset that you're clearly betting on would be a good grower. I would say there's a lot of unknowns as to market size and growth, and it's looking like a very lengthy gestation period for the education business. My question is really why you think the education market is so attractive? Do you see yourselves more as disruptors to traditional content providers? Or do you see new markets emerging with the tech and data services, or is it both?
Chase Carey: Sure. I mean, sure as they say, we're pretty much on the plans that we laid out. So I think we've been clear with this. This is something that's going to take time. So the -- and you're right, right now, we are certainly engaging. We're starting to deploy some of the products, the business we bought in Wireless Generation certainly continues to grow its core business. But that being said, we are a largely in investment phase and build phase. But I'd say we're very much on the plan we laid out, so it's not -- and from a timing perspective we're up -- sort of timeframe perspective, where we expect it. We are clearly a disruptor in this, there's no 2 ways about it. That is the core, the heart of the strategy of what we're pursuing is a view that the education, the K-12 education business in this country as well as elsewhere for that matter, is really probably one of the, if not the last business that is sort of left out of the digital revolution. And you've got industry after industry that has been turned its head [ph] and thinking we haven't had very various factors to take advantage of these digital technologies to develop much better products, much better experiences, much more efficient experiences and the like, and we think K-12 education is incredibly ripe for that type of disruption to take advantage of technology to deliver a much richer and much more efficient experience to the marketplace and students. And with additional pressures coming on the cost of budget issues you've got in this country, national, state, local levels, to finalize to deliver as you can, to deliver a quality education experience, and I think everybody says that is a priority set on [ph] for this country that deliver a quality education experience, but to do so in a way that is manageable within in today's economic realities. And I think the answer to that is using technology and, specifically, digital technology, to deliver that experience and you can deliver, again, a much richer way. I think all of us can sit there and imagine how on the tablet, you could have that type of real-time interaction with teachers, peers, programs developed and tailored to students' availability. It doesn't take a lot of -- it doesn't take a big leap of faith to imagine why a really vibrant digital technology -- and not just taking old printed stuff and sticking it on a digital device, but really developing curriculums that are built for -- to take advantage of these digital technologies is really where the education world has to go. So that's a long-winded answer saying, yes, it is completely on that one, disruption with, again, when the time is right, with the pressure in education and the need to find certain solutions sort of that make sense for today's world to meet the needs of that quality education.
Reed Nolte: Well, thanks, Tim, and thank you everybody for joining today's call. Please feel free to call me or Joe Dorrego in New York if you have any further questions.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 6:45 p.m. today through May 18, 2013. You may access the AT&T Executive Replay System at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 entering the access code 288047. International participants dial (320) 365-3844, and again that access is 288047. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Reed Nolte - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David F. DeVoe - Executive Director Chase Carey - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director, Chief Operating Officer of The Media & Entertainment Arm and President of The Media & Entertainment Arm James Rupert Murdoch - Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Director, Chairman of News International and Chief Executive Officer News International
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the News Corporation's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] And today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, News Corporation.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, Ryan. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2013 earnings conference call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; James Murdoch, Deputy Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. First, we'll get some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter and we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the three months ended December 31, 2012, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, the definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found on our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment operating income, adjusted segment operating income and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David F. DeVoe: Reed, thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As you all have seen in today's earnings release, our second quarter reflected continued solid growth in our Cable Networks, retrans led growth at our Television businesses, and overall improvement at our Publishing segment. Higher earnings contributions from these segments were partially offset by declines in SKY Italia and slightly lower profits at Filmed Entertainment. The current quarter's operating income result also includes: $26 million in cost related to the proposed separation of the company's entertainment and publishing businesses; and a $56 million charge related to the ongoing investigations in the United Kingdom, as compared to $87 million in the second quarter a year ago. Excluding these charges from both years, second quarter adjusted total segment operating income of $1.66 billion increased 5% from the year-ago adjusted result of $1.58 billion. Second quarter reported revenues were up 5%, highlighted by strong Cable Network increases of 18%. All segments reported higher revenues with the exception of SKY Italia, where local currency revenues were essentially unchanged, but reported U.S. dollar revenues declined due to the strong dollar. Our share reported results from our equity earnings and affiliates was up $32 million in the quarter. With this increase, primarily reflecting this quarter's higher gain from participation in BSkyB's share repurchase program, partially offset by a onetime cost at Hulu, resulting from their purchase of Providence 10% ownership stake. Also included in this quarter result is $1.4 billion of income, which is included in Other, primarily from non-cash gains related to our acquisition of remaining ownership stakes in Fox Sports Australia and the ESPN STAR network -- Star Sports, rather. These gains were partially offset by $65 million of pretax restructuring charges. Reported net income in the quarter was $2.38 billion, with reported earnings per share of $1.01 as compared to reported earnings per share a year ago of $0.42. Excluding the net income effects in both years and one-time items, primarily consisting of the items I just highlighted, second quarter adjusted earnings per share this year are $0.44 compared to the year-ago adjusted result of $0.39, a 13% earnings per share improvement. Our press release includes a reconciliation of our GAAP results to these amounts. The reduction of shares outstanding versus last year accounted for a $0.03 per share contribution to adjusted EPS this quarter. Now I'd like to provide some additional context on the performance at a few of our businesses, and let's begin with the Cable Networks. This segment continues to drive overall company results, generating 60% of News Corporation's total segment operating income. Second quarter Cable segment results were driven by an overall 18% revenue increase, reflecting organic, domestic and international channel strength, as well as the inclusion of new international sports networks in Latin America and Asia. Similar to our first quarter, this quarter included the planned increased investments, both in sports rights in the United States and India, as well as the ramp up of international sports channels. These investments are in line with our strategy to create new strong cable sports franchises that will provide the foundation for a whole new level of long-term sustainable earnings growth. Additionally, the current quarter also includes a net negative $45 million impact related to the NBA lockout in the prior year and the NHL lock out in the current quarter. As a result of these investments and the lockout's impact, this quarter's operating income growth moderated to 9% domestically and 3% internationally. Reported affiliate fees at the Cable Networks increased 20% over year-ago levels. Domestic affiliate revenues increased 13% over last year, with particular strength at Fox News and at the RSNs. While reported international affiliate fees were up 42%, after stripping out the effect of the new sports channels and foreign exchange, the affiliate fees increased 17%, reflecting comparable strong local currency organic growth at both the Fox International Channels and at STAR. Second quarter advertising revenues for the segment were up 16% over year-ago levels, with domestic ad growth of 8% and reported international ad increases of 29%. Excluding the new sports channels and foreign exchange, local currency organic advertising growth of our international channels was approximately 20%. Total Cable segment operating expenses increased 20% over the second quarter a year ago, with 1/3 of this increase related to the additional consolidated international sports businesses and the net increase from timing differences associated with the NBA and the NHL lockout. Another 1/3 of this increase is due to expanded college football coverage and Ultimate Fighting Championship rights in the United States, and the launch of our BCCI cricket broadcast in India. As a result of these planned investments, our operating profit margin declined slightly in the quarter as compared to last year. At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $224 million increased 19% versus the second quarter a year ago, due to more than doubling of retransmission revenues from higher political advertising at the stations. Political advertising was strong, with approximately $70 million of political advertising revenues received in the quarter, bringing the fiscal 2013 total to over $100 million. These gains more than offset lower national advertising revenues due to weaker network ratings and 3 fewer World Series games this season, as well as higher cost associated with the expanded college football coverage on Fox. At our Film segment, second quarter operating income was $383 million, a very solid result, which is roughly in line with the $393 million generated a year ago. These contributions include the successful theatrical release of Taken 2, as well as 2 late quarter releases, Life of Pi and Lincoln, which are up for the Best Picture. Turning to our DBS segment, SKY Italia. SKY generated an operating loss in the quarter of $20 million as compared to operating income of $6 million in the second quarter a year ago. This decline was driven by higher program expenses, including nearly $30 million of increased cost, primarily associated with expanded UEFA Champions and Europa League coverage. The current challenging economic environment in Italy continues to negatively affect subscriber additions, with SKY reporting a net loss of 28,000 subs in the quarter, bringing the quarter end total subscribers to 4.83 million. Local currency revenues were essentially in line with the second quarter a year ago, with a EUR 1 increase in ARPU being offset by the reduced subscriber base. In our Publishing segment, operating income of $234 million increased 7% compared to a year ago. This improvement result was primarily due to the higher U.K. newspaper contributions from the Sunday edition of The Sun that launched in February of 2012, improved profits at News America and at HarperCollins. These improved results were partially offset by continued lowered advertising revenues at the Australian newspapers. And at our Other segment we reported a second quarter segment operating loss of $186 million, a slight improvement from the $191 million in the same period a year ago. This quarter result includes $56 million of cost related to the ongoing investigations in the U.K., $23 million of cost related to the proposed separation. Additionally, this quarter includes $20 million in contributions from the consolidation of Fox Sports Australia, although these earnings contributions are largely offset by higher development costs at the company's education business. Before I turn to guidance, let me comment on our buyback program. As you have seen, we have been purchasing shares at a $3 billion annual pace while we work through the details of the separation process. Through February 5, we have spent $1.63 billion, repurchasing approximately 68 million shares during this fiscal year. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2013's total segment operating income. And as a reminder, we measure this guidance excluding from fiscal 2012, with $224 million of charges related to the ongoing investigation in the United Kingdom, resulting in a base of $5.6 billion in segment operating income for comparative purposes. Since our last call we did 3 months ago, we've updated our operational assumptions to reflect our second quarter performance and our outlook for the remainder of our fiscal year, and Chase will expand on this in a moment. But while our Cable and Content Production businesses are all on plan, 3 businesses, SKY Italia, the Fox Network and the Australian newspapers will underdeliver against is our original expectations. As a result of this underperformance, and after excluding the full year's effect of the U.K. investigation cost and separation cost, and based on all of the assumptions inherent in our projections, we expect that our total segment operating income percentage growth rate for fiscal 2013 will now be in the mid to high single-digit range, above the $5.6 billion fiscal 2012 segment operating income base. This outlook also now reflects the consolidation of SKY D's reported operating results from the January, although this factor's -- this does not materially affect the impact of the company's growth rate. Before turning the call over to Chase, I'd like to give you a brief update on our plans to separate our publishing and entertainment businesses into 2 distinct, publicly traded companies. On December 21, we filed a preliminary proxy statement and initial Form 10 Registration Statement with the SEC. We plan to file amended documents, which will include additional financial information in the next month or so. We have also applied for certain regulatory approvals and tax rulings required to enable the transaction be completed as envisioned. At this time, we believe we are on plan for the separation to be completed around the end of the current year. And with that, I now like to turn the call over to Chase for his comments.
Chase Carey: Thanks, Dave. It was a busy quarter as we closed a number of important transactions, including acquiring all or part of CMH in Australia, the YES Network, ESS, our Asian sports business, EMM, our new Dutch sports business and a regional sports network in Ohio. We're also making great progress in the planned separation of the company, which is on track for the end of this year, this fiscal year. Each of these acquisitions positions us for further growth. More importantly, we feel good about the momentum in most of our businesses, and excited about the progress on our new growth initiatives. However, as Dave noted, issues at 3 business units have led us to come up a bit short on expected results this year. While disappointed, we are aggressively pursuing steps to address these issues, while ensuring we continue to drive our other businesses forward. I'll address the 3 business units with shortfalls in a minute. Let me start with what is going well. Our domestic Cable business continues to hit every target we set and execute superbly. FX, which is experienced wins on multiple levels, just finished a record-setting month in January, and last week's premier of our newest series, The Americans, had the most total viewers of any drama premier in FX's history. The National Geographic channels made real progress, and Fox News continues to be a juggernaut. At our regional sports network business, we believe we're making the right decisions in navigating this invaluable, yet complicated business. Our new agreement with YES adds America's premier RSN to our portfolio, while our Ohio sports deal further strengthens our hand. Both businesses will generate significant profits and returns that exceed our hurdle rates. Those profits and returns look even more attractive when you look at the recently announced Dodger deal, which was too rich for our blood. We have a strong Southern California RSN with 4 great pro teams without the Dodgers, and our overall RSN portfolio is materially stronger than it has ever been. Beyond our existing U.S. channels, we're preparing some exciting additions to our portfolio, and those efforts are on plan, too. It is a testament to the strength of our U.S. Cable business that will deliver solid double-digit growth while observing over $50 million in cost for new initiatives. Our international channels unit, Fox International Channels or FIC, is pretty much the same story of across-the-board strength and growth, while investing to add new dimensions to the business. In fact, our growth rate at FIC will exceed our domestic channel growth. That growth is helped by a couple of acquisitions, but that benefit is largely offset by some adverse currency fluctuations at the same time. Among our newer initiatives, ESPN branded channels in Asia that we bought out last fall were rebranded Fox Sports just last week. Fox Sports Japan is on track to launch at the end of this quarter. And in Latin America, the Fox Sports business we took over a year ago is the highest-rated regional pay sports channel. At STAR, our results in our historical entertainment businesses are ahead of target and growing this year, again, in spite of currency headwinds. However, as planned, our overall results at STAR this year will be down due to our investments in building a robust Indian sports business. Our content businesses in film and TV have both continued to be industry leaders. On the film side, Life of Pi is a film we are proud of, both creatively and financially. We are excited about the upcoming Die Hard release, and the slate we have as we look toward the summer looks great. On the TV side, we have about 40 scripted entertainment series on broadcast and cable this season, with 18 new pilots picked up today for the upcoming broadcast season across all 4 networks. Our satellite and cable platforms in the U.K., Germany, Australia and India continue to operate well and build on their leadership positions. Germany, in particular, has been an area of focus. We're excited about the recent restructuring that gave us a majority position there. This business has just gotten stronger and stronger in the past few quarters, with both key content and distribution agreements. It is truly establishing itself as the premier video platform in Europe's biggest market, Germany. On the Publishing front, Dow Jones, our U.K. newspapers and HarperCollins have all made progress this year. Navigating the evolving digital age is still priority 1, and we're energized about new initiatives like our agreement with the Premier League for U.K. video clip rights. These businesses have big agendas and are on target, in spite of tough economic conditions. As noted earlier, there are 3 business units not on target, and each warrants discussion. At SKY Italia, our problem is top line shortfalls, primarily in subscribers due to the economic crisis in Italy, particularly during the recent holiday season. We now expect this business to be about $100 million below target this year, around $150 million off last year's results. We do not expect the economy to improve in the short term, so our focus is reducing the cost base, particularly programming costs. We plan to take over $200 million out of the cost base over the next 2 to 3 years by not renewing some agreements and modifying others. We believe this business should and needs to get to a double-digit profit margin, with no improvement in the economy. From there, we can improve the margin and profitability as the economy recovers. A key positive to our Italian situation is that our competitive position is stronger than ever, which bodes well for our medium and long-term future. At the Fox Network, it has been no secret that we had a tough fall. We hoped X Factor would grow as it moved into the competition phase, but it didn't happen. Our challenges in entertainment were exacerbated by a sports schedule that just didn't bounce our way with a 4 game World Series, NFL post-season off double-digits from last year, and late-season college football matchups that didn't pan out. American Idol is just ramping up and our new drama, The Following, is off to a promising start. Nonetheless, the year will fall well short of our expectations. On the positive side, our retransmission results are slightly ahead of target. The growth in retrans will enable us to have a broadcasting business network and stations combined that is significantly up on a year ago, but it will still be well short of our target. In Australia, we've been hammered by an economy that we keep hoping has hit bottom, yet seems to continue to find new lows. This was clearly evident during the holiday season where we were unable to benefit from the seasonal advertising lift as we had in prior years. As stated before, we're actively working to restructure this business for the future. We are highly focused on addressing these challenges. However, at the same time, we don't want to lose sight of the great momentum in our broader businesses. We remain more excited than ever about our opportunities, especially as we get closer to the proposed split, which we're confident will position us to unlock even greater value for our shareholders. Thank you, with that, I'll turn it back to Reed for questions.
Reed Nolte: Thank you, Dave and Chase. And now Chase, James and Dave would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two questions. Both to get James' thoughts on BSkyB, now that we have this transaction in the U.K. with Virgin and Liberty, and what that might mean for that business and how he thinks about, broadly the satellite platforms in the U.S. as they continue to battle with -- in Europe, excuse me, as they continue to battle with cable properties. And then Chase, on the broadcast network, is there anything on the cost side you are thinking about? You outlined some initiatives at SKY Italia, but I didn't know if you had a view on what might, if anything, you might do on the expense front at the network moving into the latter parts of this calendar year?
Chase Carey: James, you want to talk about the U.K. and satellites in general?
James Rupert Murdoch: I think, really, just with respect to the transaction that was announced with Virgin Media, I would just say that across Europe, particularly in Ireland and in Germany, we compete as well as work with Liberty Global, in Germany where Liberty Global, through Unity and KBW[ph] distribute a lot of our programming for Sky Deutschland. And in Ireland, Sky and Liberty have been competing for some time. So I don't think there's really a big change to the landscape there, and I think, Chase spoke about the progress being made in all of the pay-TV businesses and the platforms in Europe in his remarks, and I don't think I have much to add to that. We're pretty pleased with momentum and we're pleased with the strategic position of the business, notwithstanding some of the sort of short-term issues and current issues that we have in Italy.
Chase Carey: Yes, and I think on the broadcast network, I mean, we're always focused on cost, and I think it has to be part of, in some ways, your DNA in managing the business everyday. I don't think there's anything dramatically that we'd be doing. Realistically, our core problem was we didn't have a great fall. You look at the ratings and the shortfall we had in the fall. And then, clearly, that was disappointing to us. We've had a -- The Following's off to a really good start. Idol is, very early stages so, very much a work in progress, but it's not that costs aren't important, but we need to create shows that are franchise shows for us to build a business around. And we're focused on that. We need to have shows that break out, we need to have shows that, and I think The Following is, again the type of show that can be a signature you build a night around. And so yes, we're focused on cost, but I -- and I think we always are, but I think that's the core challenge for us as we go forward.
Operator: Comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. I guess the first one was, I was wondering if you could update us on any developments you might see on the creation of a Fox national sports network, given a bunch of the rights that you've acquired on the MLB side, and some of your rights to distribute college, what you think the outlook is for that? And the second, I guess for all of you guys, there's been reasons why you've probably been a little bit less active on the buyback front. But could you kind of update us with your long-term perspective in terms of return of capital and capital allocation?
Chase Carey: Yes, I guess on sports, I mean we haven't made up an announcement about a national sports channel. I guess it's, what you could call it, the world's worst kept secret, but we think there are opportunities for us to add real dimensions to the business. We think sports is a huge arena that has room in it to build really attractive businesses. And we obviously have a lot of assets in that place that we think we can utilize in terms of trying to build a business, certainly, the regionals as we think are a real business for us. We do want to be focused on building businesses, as opposed to as, I said before, as opposed to acquiring businesses. And we think that's an important part of the portfolio as we look at our -- as we look at that bundle -- our bundle of cable channels that really cover the spectrum of the 4 arenas of entertainment, news, nonfiction and sports. We want to continue to be opportunistic at finding things that -- where we can build real value. We can build businesses that capitalize on the other assets we own. And we do think sports is an opportunity there. We recognize the challenges in terms of dealing with the cost of sports, but we just think sports, in a world of increasing fragmentation, we think sports continues to be a more and more important and unique part of that overall landscape. In terms of the capital question, again, in some ways, as we head towards the split, which is what we've said, you are going to have 2 companies that probably are each going to have their own. So it's a little difficult to get too long term on capital allocation, because again, you're going to have 2 businesses with different outlooks and at different places. And I think each has to sort of determine its own path and then come forward and set out a vision for what it intends to do. We are committed to finishing the buyback we've announced, so that, we said we're going to buy back $3 billion to $4 billion this year. We will do that. We will finish the $5 billion that we've talked about. And I think the company has to get split to then come out with an appropriate, sort of -- each company then has to come out with its own vision for how it deals with it. We think capital -- we think it's an important part of how we manage the business for shareholders. I mean, I think, we certainly know the importance of returning capital, of finding -- returning capital to shareholders. We want to make sure we continue to fulfill opportunities to grow the business, but we believe, fully, hopefully our actions recent last year plus that's indicated that. The Return of capital to shareholders is an important part of it. But again, I don't want to get too specific, because I think you have got to get to each company to sort of, provide its own vision.
Operator: Comes from the line of Richard Greenfield, BIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. One, Disney, just to follow on that question about Europe, Disney made comments about looking to exit the U.K., given what's happened with ESPN and losing sports rights. Wanted to get your perspective on kind of what that means for SKY and just, as you think about the sports rights situation overseas, you -- now that you control Sky Deutschland, how you think of -- what's happened at ESPN in terms of your ability to continue to manage sports rights costs as you look out over the course of the next few years? And then, moving it over to the U.S. for a second. With the loss of the Dodgers, you've now lost the Dodgers and the Lakers, can you keep your 2 RSNs going in Los Angeles, and will that ultimately lead to higher profitability because of your affiliate fees being long term in nature?
Chase Carey: Yes, and I'll later -- I'll let James, let David can add something, if you want to. I mean, I guess, I don't think -- I have a great respect for ESPN and what they build, I don't think ESPN's plans, I would end up saying could have had a -- would have a significant impact on what we're doing in Europe. I mean, we had a relationship, but there are a lot of other players there, so I don't think ESPN's announcement on the U.K., I'd say, is an event that's -- essentially, we'd say changes our outlook or our plans much one way or the other. I think they'll be out there. I think there are other players that compete for rights. James, you want to, you have any...
James Rupert Murdoch: No, I would just say it's a super competitive sports market across Europe and in the U.K. Obviously, we had a new entrant with BT very recently. And really, and that package of SAPL rights or those rights had been ESPN's kind of core offering earlier. So -- but it doesn't really change very much as Chase said I don't think -- I think there's a lot of players over there. It's very competitive. But there are plans in Europe one way or another -- haven't really -- haven't been, and I think won't be, a big changing factor. And I think over there, to your kind of second part about managing costs, I think it's about making choices, and either deciding what you have to do, what you'd like to have, what's nice to have and what you're going to stretch for. So across the whole sports portfolio, it's about making choices, about where you want to invest and where you want to prioritize. So -- and that's why we make those choices everyday in a lot of different places.
Chase Carey: And I think as it relates to the L.A. market, we don't want to get too far into the weeds on the numbers of channels. Our goal is to maintain the profitability of our business in L.A. -- in Southern California. We've got a number of sports franchises, lots that we have long-term agreements in place. We feel good about our place. We feel our business is going to be more profitable, given the paths we've chosen than any other path out there, and we'll determine how we deal with our existing assets to best achieve that profitability. And again, on another level, I think we do look and we like each of these regional businesses, but in some ways look at them individually, and then we look at them as a portfolio. And there's no question we're in a much stronger place than we were with Ohio and then particularly, yes, than we were a year ago. So as a -- from an overall perspective, we are stronger than we've ever been, and we feel on the more local level, that we can -- we've got a combination of enough assets that we can continue to have a very healthy and vibrant Southern California business.
Operator: The line of Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Two quick ones, if I may. So back to the best kept secret in media, I'm sorry to probe a little further on that, but in terms of the idea of a national cable sports network, do you think if you put together the various rights that you hold for a national cable rights right now, or could be reframed in that way, that it's enough for a 24/7 sort of proposition, or do you think you would need some more? And if so, what could that possibly be? And then the second quick one, I know you just took us through a great presentation on Amplify not too long ago. So I know you said a lot about that. I guess I'm left wondering, if you could just comment, do you think that if you continue to spend a couple hundred million dollars a year pursuing that opportunity, that, that's enough to compete with the big incumbent competitors? Or would you be prepared to spend a lot more than that, if necessary?
Chase Carey: Yes, again we haven't announced it, and I'm not going to get too far into rights. I mean, we believe we have a unique combination of both rights and assets that we can use to potentially build a very attractive business. And yes, I'm not going to get into a right by right analysis to some degree. There's always -- with rights become affiliate fees. We're navigating a path where we think we have -- if we launch a channel, we're going to launch a channel that we think will excite people, and will interest people, clearly a 24 hour channel is rights as well as programming you create to invest in content genre, to -- that will excite and interest people. We think we have proven a unique capability in the sports business to really do unique and exciting things that excite people. We've certainly greatly expanded the portfolio of rights we've got across an array of sports from NASCAR to baseball to college football, college basketball, soccer, UFC and the like. So we have a broad array of rights as well as the regionals as I touched on to deal with. And clearly, look to create again distinctive content that we create that goes with it that would be interesting and valuable for customers. And then, go out with it on a set of economics that enables it to be an attractive business for us. And that's a plan we're on, and that's what we're planning to execute, and we will provide more details as we go forward. In terms of Amplify, look, we really think we're going to be a disruptor, we're not trying to be the guys that are in it. And that's, to some degree, that's what we've said is we're not planning to go to go toe-to-toe spending. I mean, in some degree, it's taking advantage of guys that are encumbered by decades of having built the business on historical practices, and we're going to come in using digital technologies which the education businesses sort of have been completely left out of, and innovate and then create a completely different approach that we think will prove to be uniquely successful in the education arena. We think they do it very cost effectively. It does regardless. We're not trying to -- I mean, we don't have any plans to go spend toe-to-toe with the old brick-and-mortar guys. I mean, in some ways it's the greatest advantage -- the biggest advantage we have is we don't have to worry about an incumbent business and what do we do, can -- what our digital technologies do in terms of cannibalizing an historical business. We can just lay out and build a digital business, and it's really built taking advantage of today's technologies and deliver a great product. We put a great team in place with unique expertise, and we think we can be a true disruptive force for good in the education space.
Operator: Comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2,1 would be for Dave or Chase and then second for Chase. So David and/or Chase, on the last call I remember asking about the ratings of Fox Network, and they start off really weakly, we all saw that, and asking about guidance and how that was incorporated. So from November until now, what really got worse? Was it weakness in the ad markets? Did you count on the second half of the season launching better? So that's something that we all were aware of, so I wonder what changed versus the last time you guys updated us?
Chase Carey: We think we've really, yes, I mean, we were only halfway there. I mean, I guess most particularly, with X Factor, we had really, obviously, went into the competition round, which is really where we were headed, that we could get a fresh energy and a fresh momentum, and clearly X Factor did -- was a disappointment for us and that didn't occur. So I think probably the first factor would be that. I think the second would be, we had a very choppy October. We were just coming out of October. We had the election, baseball, the hurricane. We had an array of disruptions. And again, we were hoping to relaunch some other shows that really had gone off and subsequently, some of the new shows, Mob Doctor, Tuesday night, and get some traction. Weren't expected to be raging successes, but hoped through those disruptions we could bring them back and to a better place, and that didn't occur. And then in sports, we actually were doing -- look, the NFL's fabulous, but sometimes just like sports were, really, the regular season was great for us. Unfortunately, the postseason didn't fall our way. I mean, we were down double digits, and that's a lot of money. So double digits in the NFL postseason, those are 3-digit millions, ad sales and then on top of that, some of the, I guess probably in college football, particularly the 2 championship games, we start off at 1 point hoping you've got a USC/Oregon top-five matchup, and you don't get that. And you end up with a top 5 team in the Big Ten, that can't play in the championship game in Ohio State, so sort of ended up with signature games that didn't pan out. And so, I just -- and to be aware, every one of those where, maybe we've been because it's early in the year, a little too optimistic and sort of challenging people to sort of achieve. I mean, in sports, I think we did. So sports, I think is more just sort of, that's the way it fell. I think in entertainment, we really believed we could, we had an opportunity to get some of those programs to a better place and really, it just didn't go. It just went the other way as we went through the fall.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you guys actually sell on the sports network which, again, is the worst kept secret, is the gating factor to make an announcement or going more formally down the road, you used -- you just to talk to your distributors and get them to agree to a change, is that the gating factor of why we're all talking about it, but nothing has been announced?
Chase Carey: No, I mean actually if we think it's great to have everybody keep asking. So it's, we have a timing for what we're going to do, and we feel good about the timing. If we're launching something next month, I'd have to -- we would have to announce it. We're not, then so we'll continue to build up pent up demand.
Operator: That comes from the line of Jessica Reif with Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess one last question on sports and then a different topic completely. Just in general, could you give us any sense of what the incremental sports cost will be worldwide over the next, say 2 or 3 years? It seems like there was a really big step-up this year. And then, how quickly would you expect to start to see the flow through via revenue? How quickly will advertising growth accelerate and affiliate fees? So that's one question. And then the second question is you do have a lot of hidden assets, one that comes to mind is The Simpsons. Can you give us any sense there of when second cycle syndication might happen? And what the economic impact of that would be?
Chase Carey: So on sports, and I guess if you're talking worldwide, it's tough to make a general statement, and I'm not sure I can do the math in my head to go add up the pieces, I mean, I guess -- but I guess just touching all around the world, and in some places, you ought to, I guess got to remember, particularly in a number of the international markets, what we've done is take businesses that we owned a piece of and taken control of. So in Latin America, we had a minority stake, we took control of it. In Asia we had a 50/50 partnership we've taken control of. So a lot it -- in Australia, we owned half of Fox Sports, and we've taken control of it. So in a number of these initiatives, some of them are new, Fox Sports Japan is new. The Dutch initiative is new. And they're in very different places. I mean, Latin America, which we took control of 1.5 years ago, 1 year or plus ago, is actually ahead of schedule and has turned profitable, and significantly -- generates significant profits that are on course. I think in India, this is a significant investment year, and that should be -- will have a significant uptick as we go into next year on sports there. In the rest of Asia, that's probably more of an ongoing build that is actually in the black today, because it didn't have quite the same cost that you had in India. It's a more competitive market, so there was some more cost to digest in India this year on some key rights, and we're just getting that up. Actually, I think very quickly, essentially, in the Netherlands, that's going to be a profitable business, almost after a very quick turn. I think in the U.S., to the degree we take on a new initiative, I think launching a channel, I mean we -- we don't -- we're not starting from square one. If we do something, it's still probably a couple of years to get us to a place. So I think getting -- there's always going to be an investment phase to the ability to lick our goal. Really, in aggregate, I think as you look at our cable business, has been, to maintain a very healthy growth rate, that has a degree of investment that after that investment, lets us continue to have that -- the type of growth rate you've seen. Obviously, if we did nothing new, then the growth rate would be couple of points higher. We think it makes sense for us that if you did that, at some point, your business has gone up mature in a way that we don't think is right in terms of building long-term value. So our goal is to say how do we take a small portion of that growth and reinvest it in building businesses. And again, we want to build and still be able to maintain a very healthy growth rate. If you see this year, we're building India this year, we're still building in a number of places. So India will mature and it's not just sports. Look, in some ways be built Fox business, which turns profitable this year. It's been Fox News as we've been investing in, it turns profitable this year and takes another jump next year. But I think that's a -- that is the philosophy. Clearly sports has a more significant cost just, again, because of the importance of sports, to the uniqueness of sports that it has a larger cost. Again, I couldn't pull it out of all those territories and stick it together without doing a little homework. But sports, we think, is going to be a force second to none. And really, almost everywhere we've invested in sports around the world, it has been not just important, and in many ways, it's been the cornerstone to our ability to grow and build the businesses we've built, including, here in the U.S. in many ways. In terms of The Simpsons, it's -- we are -- they're still ongoing. We are working hard to get to a place, I wouldn't speculate on a -- I wouldn't take any -- probably to sort of speculate ahead of time what it's worth, it is obviously as unique a franchise as exists in the television world now. I don't think there's anything else out there that has whatever it is, 500, 600 episodes and is headed towards its 25th year. Animation is great because nobody ages. But it's a fabulous franchise, but -- and I think we're getting, and we're hopefully getting close to a place where we can sort of try and add a dimension to it, but we still got a, I guess call it a couple of i's to dot and t's to cross to try and get there, so I'm not going to get ahead of it.
Operator: The line of Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two questions, for Chase and/or Dave, given the nature of the guidance, the fact you provided a range, can you talk about what you would see as the swing factors that would push you to the high end or the low end of the range these last 5 months of the year? And then, I guess sort of for Chase, with regards to the not yet announced U.S. sports networks, any thoughts around the NFL networks package of games, or whether you pursue those games as a foundation of that network at some point?
Chase Carey: I guess the ups and the downs. I guess, first you always get sort of the, just the built-in uncertainty in the content business. We have -- what do films, where do films perform? I think on the network as I said, we're early days on Idol and the spring season, as a whole. I think you go to someplace, in a place like Italy, what we're assuming, yes, we can sort of stabilize subscribers. We've got a couple of initiatives we're trying to do to -- and I think that's sort of the outlook in the short term is stabilize subscribers. They've obviously been -- the last 12 months are down. And yes, we've got a couple of initiatives continuing to add new dimensions to the product. We just launched a bundle of broadbands, so some things we think that we can use to stabilize that market, we don't expect the economy to get better in the next, certainly in the short term, next couple of years so we are planning the business. We're in an economy that won't be, but we'd love to get some traction. We're not planning on that, but again, we're looking to not, we're looking to stabilize it as opposed to the last 12 months, where we've been -- we've had subscribers declining. So I think that still is something that we're focused on. And again, it made some headway in the last month, but it's too early to make any -- to have any real strong feelings about where it is. I mean I will not dwell on Italy, I mean I -- the one thing I do, as we look at that business that I feel good about is, it's a pretty clear path, how to get the business to where it should be. And it's -- you got program contracts that end in the next 12 months, the next 24 months, and some we won't renew and some we'll modify. And it's pretty structural. And I think we do those things, we get the business stabilized on the top line, take those costs down and get ourselves to a double-digit margin, and then we'll go from there as the economy evolves. But back on that, so I started to say the content businesses -- the content-driven businesses, as does span our film network. I think the cable business is probably -- don't have that type of volatility. The publishing business is -- it's pretty tough around the world, a pretty tough advertising market for publishing. We certainly experienced that first and foremost in Australia. We're not expecting it to get better, but we're not expecting it to get substantially worse. I mean as I said in the call, we had hoped the Christmas season, which is usually a good season for the newspapers in Australia, would've given us a bit of a lift and just didn't happen. But I guess I'd say those things and then, there's, we're not -- we're assuming the world itself is reasonably flat. I'm not assuming we're not assuming there are wonders out of Washington or other things that would sort of give it great momentum, but we're assuming the world sort of muddles along. So that's sort of from a macro perspective.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then, NFL content first for summer?
Chase Carey: Yes, again, I'm not -- look, NFL's a great franchise. We feel very good where we are. I'm not going to sort of speculate on individual rights and -- we are certainly, we're planning our, we're planning it light, given what we know today, and we feel very good about the path we're on, and the opportunity we have. I think you always want to be open minded and opportunistic. There are things there, see if they make sense, and they may or may not. But we're not -- our plans, the plans we have in place we are -- we have what we need to fully execute on. So it would only be if we think there's something that enhances them, the plans we have in place today, we feel great about.
Operator: Next question comes from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Chase, just going back to Fox for a second. How do you see programming expense ramping there and try to drive the ravings growth? And does the retrans revenue allow you to take more risk or be more aggressive?
Chase Carey: Retrans certainly, I don't know if it makes -- it makes it a healthier business. I don't -- I think we, I wouldn't necessarily say it gives us license to go spend more money. I think we ought to be taking intelligent shots to try to create unique hit programs. Look, content's the heart of this business. There's no question in this digital age, you see it time and time again, great content is invaluable. And it's what you want to create, and I think we need to invest, we need to invest smart and intelligently in creating great content, whether it's at the studio or at the network or at our cable networks. And we will continue to do so. In the reality of retransmission is it enables the broadcast business to be a healthy business. As I said, I mean, we've had a very disappointing year ratings-wise, but our broadcast business is up profitability, and that's because we are building it into a dual revenue business, dual revenue. Then I got to put stations in there because that, really to me, is one business, stations and network combined. It's a dual revenue business, that can be a very exciting, healthy business and a platform on the network really is our ultimate platform to launch franchise entertainment shows and franchise content. And it'd really be a platform to market and sort of build all of our franchises in Television. And we need to continue to invest in content. We need to do it smart and intelligently. I think we've -- I think we've -- we have, I think, done a pretty good job of investing intelligently in content. We just went through a fall where unfortunately, the volatility of the content world didn't work our way. We feel good about the management team out there. We feel they're doing a good job. This is in a business you can measure in a couple of months, and sometimes you're going to have a tough 3 months. That's the nature of the content businesses. But we feel we've got a really good team that has -- is focused on trying to cost-effectively invest. We want to invest directly in content, but build unique, distinct content that can really be the type of franchises that have an ever increasingly unique value in this digital world.
Operator: Okay, that comes from the line of Alan Gould with Evercore.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: A question for Chase or James. Chase, you've been trying -- you've been doing a good job at rationalizing a lot of these assets, selling some, buying some. The 1 giant asset that stands out there is BSkyB. From our appearance it looks it's too cheap to sell, but sort of too hot an issue to buy. Is there anything you can do to recognize the value of BSkyB, which I think is probably not fully recognized in your stock?
Chase Carey: I'll give my two cents, James can add his two cents, hopefully they haven't -- they're not different wildly divergent -- but the -- I mean, first your last comment, I agree with wholeheartedly. It's not -- and I think it's true with all our off balance sheet sets. It's the biggest, and you're right, I mean if -- and I think it's just a question we don't get value or certainly fair value for it. And I think it is incompetent for us to continue to wrestle with that. And it certainly is something we will, but that being said, I think right now we're doing what we sort of have talked with in the past. We obviously went through the process we went through and -- the last couple of years. We've made a determination today that we're going to stay the course we're on, it's a great business. Our focus in the short term is to make sure we continue to make that business as strong as it can be. But I think over time, we need to -- but I think it's not -- it's over time, we need to figure out how do we wrestle that question to the ground and there obviously, I'm not going to get into speculation. Obviously, there are things we could do depending on the direction we want it to go, to capture more value out of the business. I mean, I think, well aware of those, but I think those are things we want to wrestle with carefully because depending on whether you head down a path, it probably precludes -- include other options on the path. So I think we're going to be patient on BSkyB. You know we're thrilled with the business. We're thrilled with the business's prospects and where it's going, and we are very comfortable where we are, and so I agree with the issue. But I think it's something we'll continue to wrestle with internally, and decide what's right as we go forward. Do you want to add anything?
James Rupert Murdoch: I don't have anything to add to that. But I guess I would say just the one thing is that across the whole portfolio, it is true that over the last couple of years, we have really strived to simplify the operating model, to deal with joint ventures, minorities, et cetera, and there continues to be a lot of work in that area, and we continue to stay very focused on it, and the recent transaction with Sky Deutschland is another good example of that as well, as all of the -- as many of the things Chase mentioned earlier. So these are things that across the whole business, we continue to be very focused on, in terms of simplifying the operating model, the portfolio, and having something that's -- that makes sense for the future.
Reed Nolte: Thanks, Alan. At this point I would like to conclude the call. If you have any further questions, please call myself or Joe Dorrego here in New York.
James Rupert Murdoch: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference was recorded for a replay. If you wish to access the replay system, you can do that anytime by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701. International is (320) 365-3844, and enter the access code 278894. Today's conference will be available until February 16th at midnight. I want to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Reed Nolte - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Director Chase Carey - Deputy Chairman, President, Chief Operating Officer, President of the Media & Entertainment Arm and Chief Operating Officer of the Media & Entertainment Arm
Analysts: Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs & Partners Australia Pty Ltd, Research Division Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the News Corporation's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the conference over to Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, News Corporation.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our First Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. First we'll give prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended September 30, 2012, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call such as segment operating income, adjusted segment operating income and adjusted earnings per share are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Reed, thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As you all seen in today's earnings release, we are quite pleased with the continued growth we are delivering at our Cable Networks, Filmed Entertainment and Television segments so far in fiscal 2013 with double-digit segment operating income increases at all 3 segments, although much of this growth is offset by anticipated declines in SKY Italia and our Publishing businesses. The current quarter operating income results also include a $67 million charge related to the ongoing investigations initiated upon closure of The News of the World in the United Kingdom as compared to $17 million in the first quarter a year ago. Excluding these charges from both years and a $5 million charge related to the post separation of the company's Entertainment and Publishing businesses, first quarter adjusted total segment operating income of $1.45 billion increased 3% from the year ago adjusted result of $1.4 billion. First quarter reported revenues were up 2%, driven by strong Cable Network reported revenue increases of 16%. These increases were largely offset by currency-related decline at many of our divisions led by SKY Italia. It's important to note that a stronger U.S. dollar negatively impacted the company's financial performance this quarter. In constant currency terms, total company revenues and adjusted total segment operating income both grew 5% over last year. Our share reported results from our equity earnings of affiliates were up $69 million in the quarter, with this increase primarily reflecting this quarter's gain for participation in BSkyB's share repurchase program. Also included in this quarter's result is $1.38 billion of income in Other, primarily related to a gain on the company's sale of NDS, partially offset by $152 million of pretax impairment and restructuring charges. Reported net income in the quarter was $2.2 billion with reported earnings per share of $0.94 as compared to reported earnings per share a year ago of $0.28. Excluding the net income effects in both years of one-time items, principally consisting of the items I just highlighted, first quarter adjusted earnings per share this year are $0.43 compared with the year ago adjusted result of $0.32, a 34% earnings per share improvement. Our press release includes a reconciliation of our GAAP results to these amounts. The reduction of shares outstanding versus last year from our buyback accounted for $0.04 per share to the adjusted EPS this quarter. Now I'd like to provide some additional context on the performance of few of our businesses, and let's begin with the Cable Networks. This segment continues to drive overall company results, generating over 2/3 of News Corporation's total segment operating income. First quarter Cable segment operating income contributions increased 23% over year ago levels to $953 million with double-digit earnings growth at the RSNs, Fox News and in FX, partially due to the timing of original programming and marketing cost at FX. This strong domestic channel growth is partially offset by higher sports cost at STAR India, reflecting the inaugural broadcast of the new BCCI cricket matches and the strengthened U.S. dollar that more than offset local currency profit growth at the Fox International Channels. Cable Network growth continues to be top line-driven, with segment revenues up 16%. Reported affiliate fees at the Cable Networks increased 18% over year-ago levels, with domestic channel affiliate fees up 16% and international fees up 25%. And about 2/3 of the international affiliate revenue increase reflects strong local currency organic growth at FX -- or excuse me, at the Fox International Channels and at STAR in India. The balance of our growth was from the inclusion of FOX Pan American sports business partially offset by the impacts of foreign currencies. First quarter advertising revenues for this segment were up 5% over year-ago levels, led by a domestic ad growth of 8%. And at the international channel, local currency organic growth was in the high-single-digit range. However, after reflecting the negative impact of the stronger U.S. dollars, these revenues declined by 1%. At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $156 million increased 17% versus the first quarter a year ago due to a more than doubling of retransmission revenues and higher political advertising, which more than offset a lower base market affected by Olympics and the economy. Political advertising is generally coming in as expected, with approximately $40 million of political ad revenue received in the quarter. At our Film segment, first quarter operating income was $400 million, 15% higher than a year ago. This growth primarily reflects higher Television production contribution that include the increased digital distribution revenue. The quarter result also includes the successful theatrical release of Ice Age: Continental Drift, which grossed over $850 million in worldwide box office received to date. Turning to SKY Italia, segment operating income in the quarter of $23 million declined $96 million from a year ago. This anticipated decline was driven by higher program expenses, including nearly $70 million of costs related to this year's broadcast of the Olympics. The timing of this additional premium programming was not ideal given the current challenge in economic environment in Italy, which is directly impacting gross subscriber additions and churn. SKY reported 4.86 million subs at quarter end and net loss of 40,000 in the quarter. Local currency revenues increased 1% over year-ago levels on higher subscription revenues, although U.S. dollar reported results reflected more than 10% negative impact from the weakening of the euro. In our Publishing segment, operating income of $57 million declined 48% compared to a year ago. This decrease largely reflects lower advertising revenues across all newspaper divisions led by declines of the Australian and U.S. Publishing businesses. These declines were partially offset by contributions from the launch of the Sunday edition of The Sun and higher revenues at HarperCollins principally from the acquisition of Thomas Nelson. And at our Other segment, we reported a first quarter segment operating loss of $211 million versus $99 million in the same period a year ago. This quarter result included $67 million of costs related to the ongoing investigations initiated upon the closure of The News of the World and $5 million of costs related to the proposed separation. Additionally, this quarter reflects higher development cost at the company's education business. Joel Klein is scheduled to give you considerably -- considerable insight into our planned strategies for this business at the upcoming UBS Investor Conference in early December, which is held here in New York City. Before I turn to guidance, I'd like to update you on our $10 billion buyback program. Through November 5, the company spent almost $5.8 billion repurchasing over 308 million shares and has reduced News Corporation's total average shares outstanding in the first quarter by over 9% compared to the first quarter a year ago. As indicated previously, we're fully committed to completing the full $10 billion of authorized buyback, and we're targeting to repurchase shares at a $3 billion to $4 billion annual pace as we work through the details of the separation process. Our objective is to buy back our shares in a disciplined manner without artificially pushing our share price up during periods of low trading volume. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2013 total segment operating income. And as a reminder, we measure this guidance excluding from fiscal 2012 the $224 million of charges related to the ongoing investigations in the United Kingdom, resulting in a base of $5.6 billion in segment operating income for comparative purposes. After excluding the full year effect of the U.K. investigation cost and separation cost, and based on all the assumptions inherent in our projection, we expect that our total segment operating income percentage growth rate for fiscal 2012 to continue to be in the high-single to low-double-digit range above the $5.6 billion fiscal 2012 segment operating income base level that we outlined for you 3 months ago. And while this guidance now includes the estimated consolidated contribution from the acquisitions of CMH in Australia and ESS in Asia, those contributions are essentially offset by the inclusion of the first year's timing effect of the marketing cost from the initial releases under our new DreamWorks Animation distribution deal. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chase.
Chase Carey: Thanks, Dave. Before I comment on our business, I want to recognize that many of you live in the New York New, Jersey area and hope you and your family and friends are managing the recovery from Hurricane Sandy. At the company, we've done our best to help the relief efforts both through donations and also by working directly with the FEMA to raise awareness of federal disaster relief initiatives through various media across News Corporation. We know it's been a difficult time for many of you, so please note that we wish all of you the best as our entire community works to make a full recovery. Now let's look at the quarter. Our first quarter has provided us with a solid start to fiscal year as we continue to meet our growth targets and drive our businesses forward. While we're facing some significant challenges due to economic headwinds, particularly in a couple of businesses, we're confident in our standing from both a financial and strategic perspective and continue to believe we're positioned for growth in both the short and long term. As Dave noted, our results continue to be driven by our cable channels business, which delivered almost $1 billion in operating income in Q1. In the U.S., our strength in this segment was pretty much across the board. Fox News continued its strong performance, ranking #1 in total day in primetime viewers for the 43rd consecutive quarter. At FX, American Horror Story and Sons of Anarchy had spectacular season premieres, laying the groundwork for solid seasons ahead. Our U.S. sports channel has also had a solid first quarter. More importantly, we've finalized key agreements with Major League Baseball and NASCAR that will collectively serve as the foundation for both our Cable and Broadcast businesses for years to come. In a world of increasing fragmentation and growing digital technologies, we believe key must-have content is more important than ever. Equally, I want to emphasize that we only make financial commitments like this for we're confident we can create real, incremental value. We're very excited about the long-term growth potential of the broad and diverse mix of the must-have leading channels we're building. Internationally, our channels are on target and continue to execute well in spite of the economic woes in Europe and the adverse consequences of the strong dollar on our results. At STAR in India, our results are in line with our expectations, although down from a year ago, as we ramp up the sports business discussed last quarter and as we feel the impact of a weak rupee. We continue to be very excited about the long-term growth potential for international businesses and believe they're stronger competitively than ever before. Our creative businesses continue to develop award-winning films and television shows across every genre, posting exceptional box office and ratings numbers and building loyal fan bases around the world. In fact, our TV Studio recently won both the best drama and comedy Emmys for Homeland and Modern Family, respectively. With those series, as well as traditional stalwarts like Sons of Anarchy and Glee plus new franchises like New Girl and American Horror Story, we continue to have a great pipeline of product for traditional syndication and cable outlets, as well as the ever-growing collection of digital distribution outlets. The digital market, both in the U.S. and abroad, continues to be a real area of growth, particularly for unique hit content. Our film studio is also well positioned. In the first quarter, Ice Age: Continental Drift was a worldwide box office hit and a testament to the growing strength of our Blue Sky Studio, which has become a clear leader of the growing animation segment. We're now gearing up for a great one with Taken 2, having grossed more than $300 million, and the critically acclaimed Lincoln and Life of Pi waiting in the wings. We also continue to build into digital distribution opportunities for feature films. Our recent groundbreaking Digital HD initiative for advanced electronic sell-through of Prometheus was a success and bodes well for more innovative opportunities to re-energize the Home Entertainment segment over the next few years. At our Broadcast business, our results have been mixed this fall. On the positive side, we continue to be on track with our goal of building a dual revenue stream business through both retransmission and reverse compensation with our affiliates. Our stations continue to do a great job maximizing margins and market share. However, our home entertainment launches have been below our expectations, and the 4 Game World Series was clearly not what we had hoped for. Nonetheless, we're focused on initiatives to build on some of our key franchises and look forward to the return of a refreshed American Idol in January and dynamic upcoming new series like The Following starring Kevin Bacon. The advertising market have also been mixed. Political spending has exceeded expectations, while the base local ad markets were a bit softer in the first quarter with trends down in the mid single digits excluding political ads. Q1 was also adversely impacted by the Olympics. Second quarter looks a bit better, with postelection results tracking up in the mid single digits from a year ago. Nationally, we're still seeing broadcast scatter at a modest premium to upfront pricing, and national cable is a bit stronger than national broadcast. It is still clearly, however, a mark with very limited visibility. Two businesses where we're clearly feeling the impacts of economic woes are SKY Italia and Australian publishing. In Italy, a decline in subscribers coupled with weak euro and the one-time cost of the London Olympics made this a uniquely challenging quarter. And we assume the economic challenges are going to continue. Therefore, our plan is to stabilize profits in the short term by focusing on quality subscribers to limit churn and reduce programming and operating costs to the level appropriate for our current subscriber base. Our competitive position continues to strengthen as others struggle in the market, so we remain bullish in the long-term potential for this business. And when the market improves, we will be well positioned for growth from a streamlined base. In Australian publishing, the decline in displaying classified advertising has clearly hit these businesses. As I discussed previously, we have major plans already being undertaken by our management team to address these shifts. Most of our other businesses are pretty much on target. In the U.K., we're recognizing the benefits of the Sunday edition of The Sun, while at HarperCollins, we're realizing expected gains from the Thomas Nelson acquisition. That said, these businesses continue to face challenges stemming from lower advertising revenues as readers continue to migrate to digital platforms. In closing, I'd like to emphasize that despite the challenges I outlined, News Corporation is in a unique position to face challenging macroeconomic issues head-on and to continue growing our core businesses while taking advantage of new opportunities wherever possible. We continue -- we will continue to address off balance sheet assets as illustrated by our recent CMH agreement, and we'll also continue to address our capital structures through initiatives like buybacks and strategic investments to strengthen our core businesses. If the company progresses towards its planned separation, we are convinced that our businesses are ideally positioned as leaders in providing the best in news and entertainment to our customers while delivering the greatest possible returns to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Reed.
Reed Nolte: Thank you, Dave and Chase. Operator, now we'd like to take questions from the financial community, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question -- our first question will come from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two questions, I guess one for Dave and one for Chase. If I look at your Other segment, even if I add back the one-time items that you talked about in the release, the $67 million, the $5 million and $15 million, there's still operating income loss of $120 million, and that did widen year-over-year. So I'm just wondering if we could just take a step back and maybe remind us what's in that Other segment? Is it same losses that continue? And what can you guys do to try to bring that segment to breakeven over time? And then second question is a bigger picture for Chase. I'm wondering if you could update us on sports globally. You guys have been successful on your strategy of acquiring sports rights in different countries and leveraging those rights for higher affiliate fees internationally. Just wondering if you could update us on your efforts in that way and what we should expect from that strategy moving forward.
David F. DeVoe: Yes, Anthony, I'll deal with the Other. What's in Other, Anthony, is principally, it's our head office, it's our education business, which I mentioned. And it includes our executive comp. And our executive comp is slightly different from some others is that any of the related compensation that's related to our stock is mark-to-market such to the extent that we have increase in our stock price, that compensation is mark-to-market. In this case, our stock has improved significantly. So we've got a bit of a hit in the current quarter for that.
Chase Carey: And I guess in terms of sports, I mean, obviously some of the recent deal they talked about, we've just signed really the like the -- in the U.S., the baseball and NASCAR deals are new and just implemented. But I think the U.S. really, for us, we're pretty much on track where we want to be. We think sports, as I said in the opening comments, are an increasingly important part of -- particularly building a real dual revenue business. And in a world that gets more and more choices and more and more technologies, we think sports become ever increasingly valuable. And so it gives us an opportunity really to build all our businesses across the channels and really to have a breadth of strength. Same theme is really true internationally. Most of the international initiatives, other than ones tied to the SKY platforms, are pretty new. We're probably less than a year into Latin America, that's ahead of plan. In Asia, we're really just -- we're just launching. It was just the first quarter in India. I think we're just closing now the ESPN STAR transaction, so I don't -- so we really haven't even -- I don't actually think we've closed it yet. So that is closing. I think the initial results of India, we feel good about. We're very much in line with our expectations. Sports in Europe and the SKY platforms continue to be a critical part of that business. In places like Germany, we launched the sports news channel a year ago. That's been a real success for us, the key rights we've acquired have certainly been an important part of building a platform like that. And I think as we look at the SKY businesses, we think those sports have been critical to their growth and continue to really deliver what we expect. And I think we look for new opportunities. I think we announced the deal to take the Dutch football rights, that deal is still awaiting approval. But again, I think it's a transaction that would give us an ability to take those sports rights, including a broad package of programming and really drive all our channels forward. Where we've had a chance to execute on that around the world, it's certainly, I think is very much delivering what we expected or more, again a place like Latin America is probably the one that at least has a year under its belt. The other -- the SKY platforms have actually been at it for a while, and certainly it's been critical to their success and growth in the U.K., in Germany, in Italy.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess a couple of quick ones. When you think about the profits for FIC, given the increase in sports, which is a very clear strategy, and the FX headwinds, have you changed your outlook at all for your -- the goal that you've outlined, the $1 billion in profits?
David F. DeVoe: Yes. I mean I think if -- where the majority of that is, it's certainly in some of them like Latin America because we're a year into it. It will be increment -- that would probably be on top of the $1 billion. In some of the other places, you'll probably have a couple of years of building cost. Right now, India will be a process where we're investing in building that sports business for a couple of years and really the gains come a couple of years down the road. So, I think it's -- I mean we haven't take -- we haven't even started in Asia yet. We don't take possession of that probably until the end of the year. So in a couple of years, we'll still be in the early stages of it. So clearly a change in the perspective. I think if you look 2 years from now, you'll have some places that are mature enough to really be an incremental addition to it. You'll probably have others where we're still in the building process and building those sports franchises.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, Chase, I'd love to get your point of view of like what do you think is happening with viewers overall? I mean, some of the -- some networks have very strong ratings, many, many are down. I mean it really does seem like the appointment viewing is a thing of the past. What are you -- how are you guys thinking about it in terms of how you capture these viewers? What are the discussion like with Nielsen?
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, I think there is no question that you are seeing a sort of an ongoing change in how people view this content. I think it makes -- I think the content viewership is actually stronger than it's ever been. In some ways, it’s stronger than it's ever been. And I think the ability to access content when you want, where you want, multiple platforms, out of the home, in the home, makes this content more valuable. But the fact of the matter is people are watching in a lot of different places, not just linear networks. Linear networks, I still think, are going to be tremendously important launching pads for the product, but people are watching it on DVRs and digital platforms and on VOD on -- inside the home, as I said outside the home. And I think we need to continue to work with Nielsen and others to figure out how do we first measure that viewership. Clearly, parts of it like VOD after 3 days or mobile platforms aren't being measured. We need to get it measured. We need to make sure we continue to find ways to make sure we're getting I think the dual revenue stream obviously becomes increasingly important. TV Everywhere becomes a part of that to make sure you've got business, you've got abilities to get rewarded for that viewership wherever it is. Some of it's going be through subscription-based payments, some of it's going to be through [indiscernible] advertising. We need to do both. We need to make sure we find ways to continue to maximize the value of that through things like dynamic ad insertion, to make advertising more valuable. I think all of these are really opportunities for us to continue to make -- to continue to grow this business. Again, I think this actually is a real opportunity, if this content gets more valuable, more popular, more important. But we need to make sure we continue to grow the business model that enable us to get rewarded for creating and distributing great content.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. And then just, Dave, one quick one. Just on the split, can you give us any color on what the balance sheets of the 2 companies will look like? Have you given it any more thought?
David F. DeVoe: No. We'll give you more information as we get closer to the end of the calendar year. My job is then to say that we're still on plan. We believe we're going to be finished by the end of June. That's what we're working for, working towards rather.
Operator: That comes from Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2 for Dave on guidance. Can you talk a bit about what your expectations for Fox Networks through the rest of the year? Within your guidance, do you assume it gets better in terms of ratings or are we assuming this is the kind of rates that will play out the entire fiscal year?
David F. DeVoe: I think as we look at the ratings -- or look at the guidance, we're off to a really good start in both Cable and the Film business. We've got some ups and downs across all the businesses, but we feel pretty very good about where the guidance are -- is rather we have the -- obviously, we know where we are after where the ratings have been and we know where we are after the World Series. And I think that's pretty much all we're going to really say about that.
Chase Carey: No, I think we take a realistic view of what we think will happen. As I said, we recognize we're below our expectations certainly in the fall, both through entertainment and the World Series. I think we're realistic about that. We've got some things coming, but I think it's a realistic set of assumptions about where we'll be.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, then let me ask one more follow-up on the DreamWorks impact. Is there anything else besides just P&A expense that you're highlighting? Is there any other costs or is that where you're calling out the effects of P&A in the second half?
David F. DeVoe: That's the effects -- the timing effects of the P&A.
Chase Carey: Yes, it just happens the first -- not the first film, I think it's the second film, but it's like released early July so you got all the P&A in front and you got the release right behind it where we capture everything on a first dollar basis. So it's just the reality the way the accounting in our year end works.
Operator: It comes from the line of Richard Greenfield with BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Was just hoping couple of questions, one on film to follow up. You made obviously some changes in the studio management team. I was wondering if you could talk to kind of strategically why and how to think about what that -- how directionally you may change with the changes? And related to that, kind of why DreamWorks Animation? What really drove that deal in your mind? What was so important about that deal for you? And then just there's been a -- Rupert has been tweeting about Penguin. The presses said you're a buyer of Tribune, the L.A. Times. I guess just anything you could comment on in terms of your ambitions to grow acquisition-wise on the Publishing side would be helpful.
Chase Carey: Okay. Long ago, I learned not to comment on Rupert's tweets but -- yes, on the Film business, there isn't a shift in -- there's not a shift in strategy and direction. You don’t say a lot about change, but I think these businesses at times, it's stuff -- for both sides, it's the right thing to sort give it some fresh perspectives and I think change. Stability's good and as times change, it's good for both. And -- but I think it's really continuing where we've been. For DreamWorks, we can see -- we think that product is great event product and great worldwide product. We clearly have -- we think a uniquely strong global distribution operation, it enables us to create incremental value out of that. And I think this is a business that really benefits from having a broad set of hit products, and we can make some money off it. So it's not -- I don't think it's not that -- it's not rocket science. I think why we -- what we look to get out of it is make some real profits and have some hit films that we think can really strengthen our business. And we value the relationship with DreamWorks and look forward to working with them. I'm not going to get too deep into all the rumors on what we're buying or what we're looking at. We always seem to be the topic of the day when it comes to rumor of some transaction. We were quite clear on a couple of them of where we are. I think that -- I think those comments on some of the label -- one of the ones you mentioned speaks for itself. The reality is, a lot of times what we're associated with just as true, they’re sometimes kicking the tires on things. Obviously, we should look at some things. But I am not going to get into commenting transaction by transaction, rumor by rumor.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And in terms just from the Publishing business, is there -- looking at Rupert's comment that you would expect, I think you said on the call, maybe Dave said it that you thought you'd be relatively similar in profitability year-over-year in fiscal '13. Is that still accurate despite what happened in Q1?
David F. DeVoe: No, I would say that our overall Publishing segment would be down year-over-year.
Operator: That comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The [indiscernible] -- it seems like we get a daily email speculating News Corp's going to buy something. Any update on the left [indiscernible] M&A upside that management has right now, especially given the ongoing split process? Then I have a follow-up for Chase.
Chase Carey: No. I mean, there's really not a lot to add to what I just said. We're not -- yes, I agree with you, we are -- there is a daily rumor. And I don't think we're really practically commenting on the daily rumors. So as I said, a lot of them are not true. They're a lot -- the places where we think we should kick the tires on things, and like our places where we think we can add something that makes sense for us. But our focus is really on building or growing our businesses.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Sorry if I missed that if you already answered to that. So, Chase, maybe this question is a bit unfair, but can you talk -- in answer to Jessica's question about how the TV business seems to change to capture monetization of usage of the most -- more from iBroadcast down demand streams. And we've been hearing this from sort of all media managements for a couple of years now. Why is it so hard to change TV business, and how big a priority is it for News Corp. right now? Is that this year's problem? Next year's problem? Any sort of context around the pace of change would be helpful.
Chase Carey: Well, I mean, I do think business has changed. I mean, I guess, look, one of the things I cited that is important to deal with the world we're in is making sure you're building dual revenue businesses that are not solely dependent on advertising. They have the other leg of subscription revenues. And certainly, our growth of retransmission speaks to it. So I think there are aspects to it. We actually today are monetizing our digital viewership in ways we weren't a year ago, so we're doing some of that. We are working with Nielsen, as you said, to continue to expand the measurement tools. Things like TV Everywhere, as our transactions come up, I think are ways for us to create, and we're putting that I've said before and we're probably still say -- we're somewhat frustrated by the speed or the lack thereof of growth and implementation and execution of TV Everywhere. But certainly it's moving forward, and I think that's important as a business model. Hulu, we're taking, we're taking Hulu Plus, which is a way to monetize and sort of create revenues for accessing content to mobile platforms. So I actually do think we're doing things. We're not -- we've got a lot more to do and clearly a lot of opportunities that we still have to develop. But -- and we're not where we should be on some things like TV Everywhere. So I'll acknowledge it's -- there's work to do. But I think we've got a lot going on, and I think we've made real headway on a number of fronts.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So dynamic ad insertions sort of have to follow TV Everywhere, right? You have to get those deals done and then maybe that starts to become the conversation?
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean obviously, dynamic ad insertions, we certainly see -- we can't do alone. You need -- I think everybody recognizes the opportunity inherent in it. There certainly are efforts trying -- in place to try to start to develop it, and I think everybody, again, would like to see it evolve. Yes, it's part of a broader set of discussions, but everything's sort of intertwined. And I think that one, that one I think is a win-win for all. And hopefully, we can help find ways to move it forward.
Operator: It comes from the line of Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: You -- I guess I got 1.5 questions. Until you close the quarter with about $12 billion of cash on the balance sheet, I think, [indiscernible] [Audio Gap] [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: It comes from the line of Michael Morris with Davenport & Company.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, on retransmission agreements and the length of the contracts there. Some of your peers that have entered into long-term sports rights agreements, they also have entered into long-term retransmission or cable affiliate agreements as long as 10 years. I guess my question is when you look at the deals that you've done on the sports side, would you also like to enter into those long-term type agreements or do you think that limits your flexibility too much going forward? And then second, just over on Latin American sports. There's a couple of big events coming up over the next 4 years between the World Cup and the Olympics. Will you participate in those events, and how will you -- how does that help your business?
Chase Carey: In terms of retransmission, our goal and our -- what we've done to date is to try to keep agreements shorter rather than longer, they're all about a year agreements, obviously. But we would prefer and we've strived to keep the agreements short. We believe content is increasingly important, and we'd rather be able to continue to have the flexibility to get rewarded for being successful in creating great content or franchises of brands. So that's -- directionally, that's where we've tried to go and that's where we look to go and that's where we've been successful to date going. Compared to the Latin America, I'm not going to probably -- or I don't think it's ever the right thing to say, speculate on individual franchises before they're there. I think we evaluate an array of them. Yes, I think the backbones to those -- the backbones to those channels have been probably more regular season sporting events. But I think if we can strike the right deals and right places, we'd certainly look at it. But we don't have a deal -- we don't have any arrangement with the Olympics today down there. And that's -- again, we'll see where the world takes us. But we like the properties we've got in Latin America. We're ahead of -- we're significantly ahead of our plans, and I think we'll continue to focus on the path we're on. But not how do I get down the road and speculate on individual rights we don't have today.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just back on the first question, on retransmission. Is it safe to assume then that you feel that the increase that you should get overtime for retrans, the value of your network should increase at a greater rate than the increases that are in these long-term sports contracts that you're entering into?
Chase Carey: Yes, look, I think it's -- and I've said it before, so I mean again, I mean I -- we have -- we feel good about the retransmission revenue stream we've built. But the reality is I don't think on any competitive basis, if you look at all the other channels out there, there's no question we're not getting rewarded comparatively for the value of the FOX Network. And I think we've taken a real step forward. We said we're looking to get what we think is something the market could manage and moves us in the right direction. But it certainly is not competitively comparable to what other channels get given the breadth and importance of the programming that exists on the FOX Network.
Operator: Okay, and we do have Mr. Juenger back online.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So I had 1.5 questions, if I could. So about the cash. You ended the quarter with $12 billion of cash in the balance sheet, some of that's in NDS and I think a new note you issued. I know, Chase -- I believe you said before that you'd -- I think you need about $3 billion sort of liquidity at steady state. So I don't know if there's any of the blanks you can fill in between the $12 billion and the $3 billion that you might help us sort of round that out. And the half of question that I'd like to accompany those, just if you could be so kind as to talk about the rule of the dividend in that answer. I think if yielding less than 1% now and, I know you have a preference for buybacks at the share price. But there seems like you could argue you could have room for both and still love to hear your thoughts on that.
Chase Carey: Yes. I guess that, a couple of comments, one, we're in the process of completing just the acquisition in Australia, that alone is a $2 billion acquisition. So that is obviously on the short term.
David F. DeVoe: [indiscernible] close the deals.
Chase Carey: So we have some things we've...
David F. DeVoe: And we have a continuation of some of our buyback over the course of the year.
Chase Carey: Yes. And so we've got events in place. That being said, I think we said before, we recognize to get us to where I said, which was $2 billion to $3 billion of cash and up to 2.5x leverage. So I'm saying again clearly, there are events that are on the short term, very short-term horizon against that $12 million. I don't want to get to -- I mean, again, more recently, what we said with the split coming, we don't want to -- I don't want to get too far down the road ahead of having those 2 companies in place, the balance sheet establishes in place for each that enables each to come out with an appropriate picture. Obviously, we're splitting the businesses because they're going to be business with different profiles and different needs. And I think until we get there, I think it's probably better for us to describe where we go from there once those things are achieved. And I think that would include dividend statement. I mean I think the dividends should be a part of the mix of our discussions. They have been with buybacks. I think we've said with our stock and our value, I think had flipped at buybacks is a better path to returning cash to shareholders than dividends. But they should be a part of the conversation. But I think before we -- but I think that with the split becoming more and more imminent, I think it's more preferable for us to get the split and have the discipline to get the split on and then address where we go from there with the 2 separate balance sheets.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. It sounds like basically the answer is, other than the identified items, yes, like we've got those, that more become clear after the split.
Operator: Next question comes from line of Adam Alexander, Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs & Partners Australia Pty Ltd, Research Division: Just a quick question on FOX Business. It seems to be getting some traction during the September quarter. Wondering whether, Chase, you can give us an update there and whether you have any plans for more extensive use of the Wall Street Journal content in the cable space next year?
Chase Carey: Yes, actually, FOX Business Channel has made nice strides. I mean it'll -- we still have some distribution issues we have to deal with it. It's not distributed as widely as we'd like it, so we have to deal with that. It made some nice strides in ratings. I mean it's got -- just looking at it the other day, it's -- it was, yes, Lou Dobbs, I think beat his counterpart of CNBC in his time period. So I think it has some nice momentum to that business. Business Channel will be profitable this year, this fiscal year, so we're -- it's on a good track. We've got to continue to build -- fill out the distribution. We've got good distribution, but not the full distribution we need. But we think we have paths to addressing that in the reasonable short term, in the next year or 2. So it's on a good track, and we feel very good about it and feel very good about the progress we've made there and the opportunity to continue to build that business. And look, we've got a great team leading the Fox News group. The results they've got speak for themselves. And we have tremendous confidence in their ability that they -- as they did with building Fox News to really continue to distinguish the FOX business as a really exciting sister channel to the Fox News One. What's your second question?
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just on the Wall Street Journal content, next year I think you're agreement ends up.
Chase Carey: No, I think our agreement -- I don't know the exact time. It's reasonably soon. It's not over yet, but it's reasonably soon, and I think we'd look for opportunities to do things that make sense. So we've had discussions, and I think we'd look to be opportunistic.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen, Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to track back on the issue of advertising, please, in the most recent quarter and in the current quarter. Could you give us a view again please, stripping out all the political and Olympic impacts, why do you think advertising was soft in the quarter just completed? And why do you think it might get better now in calendar Q4 year fiscal Q2, please? And I'm talking both Broadcast and Cable, please.
Chase Carey: Well, strip out the Olympics, I mean, it's sort of I can strip out -- it's easier to identify political. So I do think for calendar Q3, clearly the Olympic, I mean stripping out politicals, the Olympics, a lot of the money in that period got stuffed into the Olympics. Again, that would be a more subjective valuation, and I probably not do it, but it's just a fact. I think in looking at calendar Q4, yes, I mean we're halfway through calendar. So as we start looking at what we're seeing today, it's not -- this is not a sort of, yes, some of it's assumptions on what will happen. As I said, you got a pretty short-term time horizons towards this. But we get reasonably -- certainly, we have a level of visibility to a quarter that we're close to the middle of where they are. And I'm not saying that this quarter is rocking and rolling. I mean I think the quarter's a bit better than it was last quarter. I mean I think but underlying it, I think you have an economy that clearly has limited visibility. I think a lot of -- I think there is some degree of people waiting for the election year-end sort of what happens as you go by, as you go through some of the events, the fiscal cliff and the like. And so, I think you've got a market that is pretty reserved at this point and pretty cautious and limited visibility. So yes, I think if you try to take the Olympics out of it, I wouldn't say it's a dramatic difference between Q3 and Q4, I'd say Q4 is a bit better. But I think the market’s overall are okay, not great and not bad. But are okay, but with -- I think a fairly cautious view of the world in a pretty short-term view of things.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Okay. And what was your comment on the scatter market? In the current quarter, you said something. I just missed it, please.
Chase Carey: No, as I said on the scatter market, we're still getting modest. And on the broadcast side, we're getting a modest premium to the upfront pricing. So -- and again, that continues to be okay. We felt good about the upfront, so we're getting a modest premium. And we're probably getting a better premium in the national cable side, that the mix of channels. But they're channels we're getting double-digit scatter premiums with channels there. So the national cable's a bit stronger than the broadcast -- I mean, national scatter is a bit stronger than the -- national cable scatter's a bit stronger than the broadcast -- national broadcast scatter.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Vasily Karasyov with Susquehanna Financial.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: My question is about your comments on SKY Italia in the prepared section. If I understood correctly, we're talking about rightsizing the cost structure and to reflect the revenue opportunity there now. And if I'm correct, what kind of margin do you have on mind? If my model is correct, I think the peak margin was around 11%, 12% for SKY Italia?
Chase Carey: Yes. I'm really not going to get into that type of precision on margin. I mean your general assumption is right. I mean look, we assumes -- we are on track to have a higher subscriber count than we do today, basically affected the top line. I think we assume the subscriber -- net subscriber -- subscriber growth will be reasonably -- our subscriber level will be reasonably flat for this year. I think with that in place, we need to -- we want to move to deal with both our operating costs and programming costs. Unfortunately there, most of them at programming side agreements are not very long-term and rarely get the cost reset to the revenue base, so we've got a lean business that as the market improves, we can take advantage of it. And I think in some ways, we can take advantage of the fact that while the market is impacting everybody, I think I do really believe our competitive position continues to improve and, in some ways, it's the strongest player in a market where a lot of people are struggling. There should be opportunities for us to take advantage of that intelligently while continuing to improve our financial position.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: So would it be fair to say that your current contract, programming contract, and so on, they would allow you to see cost rationalization by next fiscal year already?
Chase Carey: No. I mean, obviously we have a lot of programming contracts. They're not -- it's not all one. They're certainly ones that go past next year. They're not -- we have multiyear contracts. We don't have -- we're on long-term contracts. The nature of the business is like the agreement that start earlier in the years. On the soccer rights is we're in the first of 3 years, so there's some that go for a couple of years. There's some that are shorter than that. There aren't a lot of long-term contracts there. But we can certainly make -- I think we can make strides this year, make strides next year.
Operator: And the last question will come from James Dix with Wedbush.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I guess, Chase, you've commented more than once about how your broadcast retransmission fees still to have a lot of upside compared to what the broadcast networks offer the consumer. I wanted to just look more broadly across all of your cable networks and see are there other networks where you see particularly large opportunity? And in particular, I'm interested in comments regarding the RSNs and the upside that they might have compared to comparable properties if there are any in their markets?
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, we have a large group of channels, and I probably usually put them in a couple of -- in a couple of buckets. I think they're channels that are uniquely strong within -- uniquely strong or with a unique programming. And I think unique programming becomes more important than ever. Again, it's in a fragmented world. And certainly something like Fox News, as we've said before, we've made real headway but I think Fox News continues to be a channel that is as important as any to a segment out there in the marketplace. And we should get fair value for the importance that Fox News has. Sports, we think, becomes increasingly important, and it's important for us to get -- to continue to generate fair value for those sports rights. I think the channels like National Geographic where I think the opportunity for us is really to tap into some things that we've got new management in place. They actually had an event that did really well on Sunday night. But tap into an opportunity to really build that channel to what it can be. And I don't think we have done that. I think we've got some national sports channels that really have been sort below the radar screen, and I think we can -- I think we've got enough breadth and the right franchises to really build them into something that can be special for us. So I think we've got properties. I think we got -- identified strong franchises where we've got to continue to get value, we've got room to do that. We've got channels that aren't taking advantage of -- aren't really probably achieving what we think they can achieve. We've got some channels that we probably have strategically focused on, and we're going to do some things to get value there. And I think channels like FX just continue to get stronger with more distinct program than anybody else in that sector. So, yes, I think it's about a -- it's a matter of getting fair value for unique content. I think we've got great content, great unique content. And probably in many ways, equally citing a number of franchises that haven't really been developed to anything close to their full potential. So that's where the growth comes from.
Reed Nolte: Thank you. At this point, we're out of time. Thank you, everybody, for joining today's call. If you have any further questions, please call Joe Dorrego or myself here in New York.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We did record today's conference, and it will be available for replay starting at 6:45 Eastern today through November 20, 2012 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 268818. International participants may dial into the United States, (320) 365-3844. That does conclude today's conference. I want to thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Reed Nolte - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Director Chase Carey - Deputy Chairman, President, Chief Operating Officer of The Media & Entertainment Arm, Chief Operating Officer, President of The Media & Entertainment Arm and Director
Analysts: Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the News Corporation 4Q '12 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, News Corporation. Please go ahead.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2012 earnings conference call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; James Murdoch, Deputy Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. First, we'll give you some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter. And then, we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking informations with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-K for the 12 months ended June 30, 2012, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained with such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-K filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as statement operating income, adjusted statement operating income and adjusted earnings per share, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations of those non-GAAP measures is included in the earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Reed, thank you. And good afternoon, everybody. As you have well seen in today's earnings release, News Corporation closed out fiscal 2012, achieving the financial targets we provided to you a year ago. For the full year, adjusted total segment operating income was $5.6 billion, 13% higher than the $4.975 billion adjusted total segment operating income we reported a year ago. This increase was driven by a 19% operating profit growth in our cable networks, 22% growth in contributions from our Filmed Entertainment segment and the elimination of MySpace-related losses, partially offset by lower Publishing results. Reported net income this year was $1.2 billion or $0.47 per share, which included impairment and restructuring charges of $3 billion equating to $1 per share, primarily taken in the fourth quarter and mostly related to the company's Publishing assets. Additionally, full-year results include gains of $270 million or $0.07 per share from the company's participation in BSkyB buyback program. And $224 million in costs related to the U.K. investigations also represented $0.07 per share. Excluding the net income effects of these items and comparable items in both years, adjusted earnings per share was $1.41 compared to the adjusted year-ago result of $1.18. This 19% improvement primarily reflects our operating segment income growth and the buyback of close to 10% of the company's outstanding stock over the course of last year. Now let me turn to the fourth quarter results. And for the quarter, the company reported adjusted segment operating income of $1.24 billion as compared to $1.35 billion reported in the fourth quarter a year ago. This anticipated decline, which was discussed in our last earnings call, reflects continued growth in our cable networks, more than offset by decreases at the company's remaining segments. The company reported a net loss in the fourth quarter of $1.6 billion, largely reflecting the previously mentioned impairment and restructuring charges that offset segment operating income. The fourth quarter results also include charges of $57 million related to the investigation in the United Kingdom. Excluding these charges and the comparable items in the prior year, fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.32 per share as compared to the year ago adjusted EPS of $0.35 a share. And now, let's -- I'll provide some comments on the fourth quarter performance at a couple of our businesses. Now let's start with the cable networks. This segment continues to drive overall company results, generating 2/3 of News Corporation's total segment operating income. Fourth quarter operating income contributions increased over 25% from year-ago levels to $792 million, reflecting particularly strong results at FOX News and FX domestically, and at both the FOX International Channels and STAR internationally. This growth continues to be top line-driven, with segment revenues up 15%. Affiliate fees at the cable networks increased 19% over year-ago levels with domestic affiliate fees up 16%, driven by our successful affiliate renewals earlier in the fiscal year. International fees were up 31%, with about 1/2 of the international affiliate revenue increase, driven by organic growth and the remainder reflecting a consolidation of FOX and American sports after acquiring that business in December. Fourth quarter advertising revenues for this segment were up 9% over year-ago levels, with domestic ad growth of 5% and international growth of 18%. The strong result from the international businesses reflects particular strength in viewership trends and ad markets in Latin America and India, as well as this year's contribution of Fox Pan American Sports. Fourth quarter expenses at the cable networks increased 11% over a year ago. This primarily reflects increased sports programming due to costs, due to the delay of the NBA season and the resulting increase in televised games this quarter. It also reflects the launch of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, as well as the impact of Fox Pan American Sports. At our Television segment, operating income of the quarter of $213 million decreased $20 million versus the fourth quarter a year ago. This decline is largely due to American Idol and other rating softness that more than offset higher retransmission revenues and a higher political advertising at the stations. At our Film segment, fourth quarter operating income was $120 million, a $90 million decline compared to a year ago, largely reflecting the expected difficult comparisons to last year's very successful theatrical release of Rio and the strong home entertainment titles, Black Swan and the Chronicles of Narnia. This quarter results included the launch cost of a number of successful theatrical releases that will help set up the Film segment for a solid fiscal 2013, and they include Prometheus and, of course, Ice Age: Continental Drift, which has generated over $715 million in total worldwide box office to date. Turning to SKY Italia. Segment operating income of the quarter of $89 million declined $56 million from a year ago. This decrease reflects the challenging economic environment in Italy as directly impacting gross subscriber additions in churn. SKY reported 4.9 million subs at quarter end, a net loss of 42,000 subscribers in the quarter, resulting in reduced subscription revenue compared to a year ago. Quarter results also reflect increased expenses related to subscriber retention efforts, as well as the more than 10% negative impact on operating profits and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the euro in the quarter. Given the relatively low pay-TV penetration in Italy and SKY's strong competitive positioning, we continue to have complete confidence in the long-term growth prospects for this business. However, in the short-term, weak consumer confidence and consumption behavior is likely to sustain the current difficult trading conditions in Italy. And at our Publishing segment, operating income of $139 million declined $131 million compared to a year ago. This decrease largely reflects lower advertising revenue at the Australian and the U.K. newspapers, lower in-store revenues at News America Marketing, as well as the impact and the closure of News of the World. The quarter results also include a charge for litigation -- for a litigation settlement related to the e-Books price at HarperCollins. And these declines -- the declines of these groups were partially offset by higher earnings contributions at Dow Jones. Before I turn to our guidance for fiscal 2013, I'd also like to update you on our buyback program. And through August 7, the company spent $5.1 billion repurchasing nearly 280 million shares, reducing News Corporation's total outstanding by more than 10% compared to 12 months ago. As you may recall, 3 months ago, we increased our original $5 billion buyback authorization by another $5 billion, with a target of completing the total authorized buyback by the end of fiscal 2013. Even with the June announcement that we intend to pursue a separation of the Publishing and entertainment businesses, we are fully committed to completing the $10 billion buyback program. Although the repurchase pacing will initially moderate to a $3 billion to $4 billion annual rate as we worked through details of the separation process, as always our objective is to buy back our shares in a disciplined manner without artificially pushing our share price up. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2013. And as we measure our guidance, we are starting with the fiscal 2012 total segment operating income of $5.4 billion, we just reported, and exclude from this the $224 million of charges related to the ongoing investigations in the United Kingdom, resulting in a base for 2012 of $5.6 billion for comparative purposes. And as we look at fiscal 2013, we expect our channels businesses will generate strong year-over-year earnings growth, resulting from continued double-digit growth at our cable networks lead by further expansion of our international channels, as well as sustained advertising and affiliate increases led by FOX News, the RSNs and FX, higher Television segment earnings, which will benefit from the continued growth in retransmission consent revenue and a strong political advertising market heading into the November elections. Growth at our channels businesses will be partially offset by reduced contributions in SKY Italia, largely due with the current economic climate in Italy. Additionally, our operating plan for fiscal 2013 assumes development spending in our education group amplify nearly $180 million, which is $100 million more than we recorded in fiscal 2012. We're also assuming that the contributions for our Publishing segment will stabilize and be no worse than the results reported in fiscal 2012. And also, across the whole company, foreign currency rates will negatively impact our growth by about 1%. And lastly, we are continuing to exclude the cost of the U.K. investigations from our forecast due to their unpredictability. Taking all of these items into account and based on all the assumptions inherent in our projections, we anticipate our total segment operating income percentage growth rate for fiscal 2013 to be in the high single to low-double digit range below the $5.6 billion fiscal 2012 segment operating income base levels. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chase.
Chase Carey: Okay. Thanks, Dave. I'll probably use the next few minutes to provide a bit more color on the guidance that Dave just gave. In a number of ways, I believe our headlight in guidance for 2013 does not fully reflect the underlying strength and momentum of our core business. The driving force of our growth will continue to be our cable channels and broadcast business. Networks like FOX, FOX News and FX continue to build on their position as unique market leaders. We also continue to meet or exceed our targets for retransmission and subscription fees that reflect the success of those networks. Internationally, we're ahead of the targeted growth previously discussed, and are always looking to add new dimensions to this business. One of the areas where we are investing for the future is in sports in India. Core STAR business will grow strong in 2013. However, we will also be investing in building a dynamic Indian sports business. While these strategic investments will more than absorb STAR'S growth this coming year, it will take the business to a whole new level of profitability in the next 3 to 4 years. These are exactly the kinds of growth investment opportunities we're targeting. I also believe that one of the things that really sets us apart is our strength in content. On the Film side, the international success of Ice Age 4 has gotten us off to a great start. And our TV studio is, once again, an industry leader. Demand for our product is stronger than ever as more company strive to compete in the dynamic digital world. Nonetheless, we believe the prudent approach for setting expectations in the content business is to be cautious in projecting film contributions so our guidance reflects essentially flat year-on-year results at a very large base of profits. Our satellite platforms, we believe our businesses and investments in the U.K., Italy, Germany and India have never been stronger competitively. In each case, the strengths reflect the combination of leadership in content, technology and operations. The one business that is facing real economic headwinds and will adversely impact 2013 results is Italy. We're focused on taking steps to position SKY Italia for tough economic times, which will enable the business to resume its growth as we move towards 2014. In all honesty, SKY Italia has never been in a stronger competitive position and we could not be more excited about the future of this business, particularly as the Italian economy begins to recover. Another business of ours that we believe has long-term potential is education. However, it will impact our overall growth in 2013, as Dave said, as we're investing an incremental $100 million this year. Our aim here is to build a unique education business positioned to take advantage of today's digital technologies. These investments are recorded as a loss in our P&L. However, as in the case of other businesses we successfully built over the years, we believe these are investments that we'll pay off in multiples. Recent agreements like the one with AT&T speak to the unique excitement about this initiative. We have more to come. We know many of you would like to know more about our plans here, and Joe Klein is planning to provide that vision for you this fall. Finally, our Publishing businesses are clearly in a restructuring mode. Overall, this segment is expected to be essentially flat in 2013. We do expect to start to see some of the benefits of our initiatives in the U.K. However, Australia and News America Marketing will still be in the midst of restructuring and challenging pressures that will adversely affect -- impact profits. As we look ahead into fiscal 2013, we also expect to continue addressing our off-balance sheet investments. In some cases like NDS, we've moved to monetize investments. In other cases like our recently announced steps around DSX and CMH in Australia, we're moving to take greater operating control of businesses. This is obviously an ongoing process and we're not going to lay out timetables for future moves, but we will be opportunistic. Equally as important, we want to be flexible and opportunistic. We also recognize the importance of an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value. We pursue the balanced approach of buybacks and investments to achieve this goal, and that continues to be our plan. Our undervalued stock continues to support our buyback plans. At the same time, we believe there may be strategic investment opportunities to exceed our target returns and strengthen our businesses for growth. Overall, we really like where we stand, and are particularly excited as we move forward with our planned separation that is really all about bringing focus and alignment to our businesses. There isn't a lot of news to add on the separation since we announced it a little over a month ago. But everything is on course and we're targeting to make our initial regulatory filings around calendar year end, with operating details to follow. In closing, while these macro economic times may test our nerves, we are incredibly well positioned for another year of growth inclusive of the investments we're making. Ultimately, we feel confident that our strategies will bring strong shareholder returns for years to come.
Reed Nolte: And now, Chase, James and David will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, the executive team will take questions first from members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] And we go to Michael Nathanson with Nomura Securities.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2 quick ones, I promise, on domestic key units. If you look at affiliate fee growth this year, and they're 12%, but it was lumpy: the first half, 9%; the second half, 15%. Can you give us a sense of next year domestic affiliate fee growth? What's the right range within that ballpark of affiliate fee growth?
David F. DeVoe: Yes, I mean, I think it's pretty much what we said in the past, which I think as we said, we've sort of been achieving low-double digit affiliate fee growth. And I think that, as we look out, that's the growth we expect. There'll always be a little lumpiness just because when large deals come up and in particular channels, they can give a quarter-to-quarter lumpiness. But as we look out over the next few years, I think we expect to continue the same sort of growth rate we've been generating.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then last, the other question would be you also had lumpiness on the cost side throughout the quarter domestically. What's the right range of cost growth organically? Because I know there's a lot of moving pieces on the domestic side. But what's the right range of cost growth at the domestic networks?
Chase Carey: I mean, that's a much tougher one to make a general statement about because you really have such a mix of businesses that -- or different places. I mean, they're -- I think we do think it's important to make target investments to strengthen channels. I think there are channels where we think we still have room to improve margins, and probably others that are overstaying margins, and there are probably channels that we think we should be -- we can grow both the top and the bottom line that have yet achieved their potential. So if you look across business FOX News, which obviously has a much more controlled cost base, sports business has rights that come up. There are businesses like transactions, like -- or agreements like ones with the UFC, where we're investing to build the channel-like fuel. So I think we feel comfortable with those margins but, again, it's going to be a mixed set of stories as you look across the mix of channels when you have as many channels as we do, across the expanse of sports entertainment, news and nonfiction. There are different strategies for each.
Operator: And we go next to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess 2 questions on the guidance. One on the Publishing business, you mentioned sort of flat results. Can you talk about, on the expense side, what you're doing there? It sounds like expenses will be down, at least, in the U.K. And then on the cleanup around your investment chase, can you comment a little more on Sky Deutschland? I think that the business is, it's sort of an inflection point. You've got the Bundesliga rights now. I think they start being exclusive in the fall. And the business is starting to probably ramp in profitability. Does that make that something that you want to own more of? Any comment on some of the opportunity in Germany, how are you feeling about operations, maybe compared to Italy, and help us think about the long-term plan there?
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, I guess, first one at the cost side in the Publishing. I mean, we certainly are focused on the costs, and I think particularly in some of the businesses that will be a major focus for the coming year. Major places -- some we're a little further along the curve, as I think I referred, in a place like the U.K. In Australia, we brought in new management just in the first half of this year, so that's probably one that is really going to be moving into a very significant restructuring during this year. So I think it's a part of all of those businesses, but they're a little bit at different places. Obviously, the U.K. also has initiatives. They're not just cost-based like the Sunday Sun, that bring a dimension back, but certainly costs are a major focus across those businesses. On Sky Deutschland, we're thrilled with the business. Yes, there was nothing really to announce. As we said before, we're comfortable where we're at today. I agree the business continues to make great strides forward. I think the management team there has done a fabulous, fabulous job. We continue to see it in the growth of subscribers and the improvement of the financials. And I think if you -- and you start where you can really feel it's the channel that really, it is creating a real excitement about it. And surfing the channels are creating a real excitement about it, a launch of sports news there added exciting dimension to it. I think the breadth of rights we took, we just acquired on the boom display will give us the opportunities to widen again, some of the technological enhancements that are added to it are really getting traction. So it's a business doing really well. Again, our focus today, it's on continuing to improve that business and driving everything it can be. And that we'll decide as we go, what's the right path for us in an ownership context.
Operator: Yes, we go to Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Also 2 questions. Chase, I was hoping you could just elaborate a little more on your global sports strategy? I mean, it really seems like you're focusing in on some really big markets. Besides the rights fees, and I think you bought something in Holland today, are you -- what is the level of investment? Are you trying to develop Palanca Brown's [ph] ESPN and are you managing it, can they be global channels? And the second question is, can you just give some color on the fiscal Q1 advertising outlook by business?
Chase Carey: Sure. And I think -- this is for a -- for this sports actually, yes, it's not a global strategy. I mean, I think it has to start sort of within each business, making investments that makes sense. There may be, as we go forward, opportunities to connect it and look at it more broadly, nothing to do with the ESPN is the day without the building businesses that we think makes sense and we think where we can drive real value. We like sports. I mean, as sports, yes, there's a cost attached to it. But I think in a world that is increasingly fragmented and digital, it's been proven time and time again, that if there's one area of content that just continues to sort of differentiate itself, it's sports. And I think sports has particularly unique values where you've got a large broad business, so you look at in India, where we're we've got multiple channels and the like, and the ability -- or even in the U.S. where having those big flagship sports franchises, you create value within the sports, but in many ways, it becomes a part of the larger growth strategy for those businesses. I think it really starts, and you have to -- I mean, those bets are beg enough, we make a bet, whether it's from Germany, Italy, India or the U.S. or Latin America. We made all those bets. We made them based on what we think the returns, to make sure we believe we can generate the returns we need within those markets, that there are opportunities to then take the breadth of those investments. And as I mentioned, I think that's something we can -- we'd always love to do, but the fundamentals are really make sure we can add value there, clearly. When you're adding sports in a place where you've got the breadth where we did with Sky Deutschland or SKY Italia or the breadth of the businesses, STAR, or the right of channels we've got in the U.S., sports plays uniquely an important role in driving the business as a whole. In terms of fiscal, in terms of advertising for the first quarter. Yes, I think it's actually been -- it feels reasonably good. I mean, maybe a couple of weeks have been shot, I mean, sort of, obviously, pretty dormant for most of us not in the Olympics. But I said, excluding sort of the immediate term, it's -- the market's pretty good. I mean, there's anxieties, I think still the anxieties, whether it's Europe or the election here, and what are the consequences to those as they continue to -- certainly, keep our eyes in short, and people have been on edge. But when you look at the scatter market network, is still some low, double-digit scatter market. Cable is always a big factor. Cable market's probably stronger than that. And so, I mean, it actually is -- the market has -- reasonably good market. It's not great. It's not off the charts. But in a reasonably solid market in a period when, clearly, there are a lot of anxieties about the economy.
Operator: We'll go to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I could actually follow-up on the advertising comment. Can you give us a sense of what the domestic ad growth underlying your guidance is?
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, I think in the station business, we've assumed for essentially a pretty flat marketplace except -- well, you said the underlying marketplace. I think our marketplace is like low-single digits, like 1 or -- the market, it's like 1% or 2% [indiscernible] So I think we assumed a flat, a close to flat marketplace. We do think we can face -- we've been successful in taking share, and that is our goal for the year. But I think we can assume a pretty flat in advertising market in -- overall.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Overall, so that's stations and network?
Chase Carey: Yes. The network is -- we came, we've got to come through the upfront. So you -- and you sort of into the network, it just sends a bit, a little bit more based on the upfront. So I mean, we -- I think we achieved what we set out in the upfront, that's about 80% of our inventory and equipment down a touch on volume, up on pricing. And then I think sort of achieved what we set out to achieve. And the scatter market has been pretty good so far.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And a follow-up to that, Chase, is -- and I'm afraid the answer to this will be sort of a little bit of everything. But the biggest swing factors from the low end to the high end of guidance that you would point us to do beyond advertising?
Chase Carey: Yes, beyond the marketplace?
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Chase Carey: Well, I guess, it's something to dig. It's probably, to start with, a business, as I said that we forecast flat, which is the Film business. And we always got stuff that's always tough to forecast. We've gotten off to a really good start with Ice Age, with the Ice Age film. But there is that business. And you -- even on the TV side, we think the digital world, it gives a lot of energy. We're not going to go out and get too far out there. I mean, you're getting more international activity than you've had. So you've got a lot of -- you've got the energy domestically, you've got more activity internationally. We've got to first make sure we continue to be disciplined about how we approach it. And I think we've always said, we're not going to just grab a quick buck. But you can see if there are opportunities there. And I would not say we projected sort of any big buyer coming in, in a new way. So we've approached it sort of much more based on in terms of the world as we know it, and in a world that I think is, if I'm going to say, "Where do I think that digital world goes?" You look out next year, certainly feels like it could happen. More buyers across the world that are looking to try to access unique content. And I think we feel great about our content and brands. And I think that will give us opportunities to intelligently explore it while sort of protecting and building our core businesses to channels, but intelligently, taking advantage of digital. So I'd probably say that those would be the execution on content, on content film that we don't put in there, and the digital world providing opportunities that we haven't tried to project.
Operator: And we go to Richard Greenfield with BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions also related to Cable Nets. First on sports. I think sports is such a vibrant part of what News Corp. is all about. And I think some investors who don't like News Corp. really fear that the RSN business is not in a strong position, just given the cost of those networks in the current multichannel world relative to other networks as well as just the risk of team on networks, when you see what's happening like in L.A. You seem to have a lot of confidence in the trajectory of our RSN business. Kind of help us all understand kind of why you are so confident in that business. And then just kind of a related question to the topic of Cable Net. We're seeing new distributors like Google Fiber with their facilities buildout, and we're seeing some potentially new over-the-top MVPD's come online over the course of the next few months. Can you just update us on what your thought process is? I know you're working with Google Fiber. Maybe just an explanation of why, that would be great.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, as for the RSNs, I mean I guess -- yes, I think that the confidence is probably -- starts with the simple fact that most of our agreements have pretty good terms to them right now. I mean, the Dodgers, what we're dealing with, I think, most of them are at least 5- to 6-year terms and some of them -- many of them are decades. So the issues we're dealing with, with the Dodgers, don't, aren't really ones that broadly exist. And I think beyond that, I think we believe we can navigate those issues. And I think we've been pretty good. I mean, I've used Texas as an example where we did. And feel good about the business we came out of Dallas with. So sports is always going to have a -- all our business is going to get more competitive with more players. And that's part of our challenge, and try to make sure we've got the strengths and management that could continue to tackle those challenges and build those businesses. And I think we've proven an ability to do it. So I guess, I think, it's combination of the strength we've got, the track record we've proven to be able to execute in the face of those challenges, and the strengths of the agreements we've got in place for those businesses. In terms of Google, the Google Fiber, I mean -- you mean the Kansas City thing we're doing?
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
David F. DeVoe: Yes, they're, I mean, essentially, they're just been building the ultimate cable system. We -- I mean, just as we saw the satellite, we don't sell geographic exclusivity, so somebody comes in and wants to overbuild this next Generation cable system, if we could reach the right terms, then yes, we'll do business. We want to make sure it's the people that respect issues that are important to us, around piracy and everything else. So but there are players that, again, we said, we think it's important about the business, and we can reach appropriate business terms. We -- just as we licensed our product satellite when they came on the same -- this is really, I think, it's a next generation cable operator building out a cable system. I think the whole visual MVPD thing is much murkier and much less clear when it comes to who's doing what. But I mean, there's a lot of stuff going on in digital, but I think that that's much more digital because I don't think it's really evolved far enough to really have a clear picture of who's trying to do what. There are a lot of people talking but I think that Google Fiber is much clearer. Again, I think they just -- whether the economics of that works for them long-term, I guess we'll see. But they just built a, as I said, next generation cable system and broadband network. And for them determining, can you generate enough incremental revenues to pay for that incremental cost they've invested in the ground.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Is that why you're putting in an investment Roco this quarter, to just kind of have it to get that over-the-top table?
David F. DeVoe: I think it serves as -- it's not that specific. I think it's -- yes, I think, look, we know this digital reign is going to be important to our future, I think. You don't want to be spending ahead of the curve because a lot of business models have yet to evolve, but we think it's important for us to be active in this place and try and get insights to it. Hulu, obviously, gives us one important task to try and develop digital businesses. We've played a little bit with the YouTube channels and the disc models clear, but it gives us, again, an ability for a very modest investment to try and develop a different dimension to the digital experience, growth of business again, a little different window in the digital experience. Roco also has some values to our satellite platforms overseas that are probably -- would be different to what we'd be pursuing strategically here that could be enhanced to them as they try and figure out, which is clearly part of their strategy and you see is today, as we roll out products, whether it's SKY Go or SKY on demand and the like, and better understanding of how do you develop that sort of everywhere, TV Everywhere, concept as the satellite player. So I think it's more like that, just say insights into the digital world in a way that we think is a smart, manageable investment.
Operator: We'll go to Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: One for Dave and one for Chase. Dave, just wondering if you have the numbers on organic affiliate and advertising revenue growth of the international Cable Networks if you were to exclude the impacts of foreign exchange and the impact of FOX Pan American Sports consolidation? Just looking for a sense for the recurring growth rates of those and then what they look like and what might be implied in your fiscal '13 guidance for those? And then I'll just give my follow-up here, which is, Chase, that the only times reported that you're able to negotiate FOX News with Time Warner at a very favorable step-up initially, just wondering if you can comment for us about that agreement, how that kind of played out, what your thoughts are? It was reported you weren't able to renegotiate the other networks early along with FOX News. Just wanted to get some context from you on that.
David F. DeVoe: Yes, the affiliate fee, is about 14% organic. And the advertising would be about 13% if you pull out the items you mentioned.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And for the guidance? Any comment on sustainability of that type of organic growth?
David F. DeVoe: I think we said before, that we feel pretty good about double-digit growth, both in the international businesses.
Chase Carey: I'm not going to comment about some -- a lot about specific agreements. I don't think that's been our practice. And we won't -- we achieved our -- I mean, we feel good about the agreement. I mean, and let's not try and put a stick it anybody's eyes. And I think, we -- that our goal in these is to get fair value. We're not trying to pick fights. We think FOX News has been undervalued, is undervalued for the importance of it in the marketplace. As we've talked about the fact, by the end of the calendar year, will have renewed a sort of second renewal, I think at least 1/2 the FOX News universe, we've expected, and we've expected to receive significant increases, reflects the value of that FOX Business Network, and use to make strides that will actually affect the business network, will be profitable this year. So it is -- and I think it's a stronger channel as it goes forward. We always look to sort of try and look at all our franchises, find the right balance. I will say, we achieved what we set out to do, and probably exceeded targets we had, which is pretty much, I'd say, in really affiliation agreements we've had certainly over the last couple of years. And I think we have -- we've tried to be pretty disciplined, pretty clear. Yes, in some places, we have asked for significant increases, but -- and I think where we do, we think it reflects the value, whether it's retransmission of FOX News or other franchises. And we have continued to achieve or exceed our targets. But I'm not going to get into comments on -- in specifics. We have good a good relationship with Time Warner Cable, and that would be our goal, is to continue to have that constructive relationship with them.
Operator: We'll go to John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you talk about any change in strategy you may employ in the near-term with SKY Italia, against the downturn? Will you continue the retention program? Has churn ticked out to maybe mid- to high-teens at this point? And has the competitive environment changed at all?
David F. DeVoe: It's Dave here. I think on SKY Italia, look, I think it's very clear to everyone, particularly SKY Italia and us, that the macroeconomic environment in Italy is providing some real challenges. But with the focus from a strategic point of view, is to really handle the cost base, as best we can, really attack the cost base to rightsize the business in an economic environment that is very different than it was a number of years ago. And that's really across-the-board in terms of operating costs and rights costs and things like that. Subscriber management, clearly, a very, very big focus. And churn has ticked up a bit, but I think that this year we'll see that businesses stabilize and be able to grow from a different base. And we have very high hopes to that business going forward. On the competitive landscape side, I would just say that I think we all think that SKY Italia has probably never been better positioned competitively. It's performing very well in a challenging environment there. And I think when you hold it up to the competitors and where Mediaset is, where Talk of Italia is, where the cable industry which doesn't really exist there is, we feel very good about positioning. And right now, it's just a question of really rightsizing the cost base to deal with the subscriber growth environment that really isn't going to be there for a little while, and to move from there.
Operator: We'll go to Alan Gould with Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Chase, on the digital side, can you -- it seems like News Corp. has been a little bit less vocal about TV Everywhere authentication. Can you give us your thoughts on that, and which of your programming or networks you're starting to either get paid for or negotiate for with TV Everywhere in authentication?
Chase Carey: I don't know [indiscernible] we haven't been less vocal about [indiscernible]. We think it's the right path. I mean, we think it's the right solution and it's -- there's no question. Yes, I think it's what the consumer wants, is that flexibility to get that content where they want and when they want. Obviously those become part of larger negotiations in many cases, but we think it's the right path for us and our distributors. We think it enables us to continue to grow this business in many ways. So every time somebody asks me about the costs, the cost of the content to a consumer, I say, I think one of the most important ways to address that is to continue to give consumers new things that excite them, that make it more valuable and make them appreciate it more. And I use my experience at DirecTV where I said I think realistically, I don't think in most cases costs -- I mean, obviously, they always care, but they really care about a quality experience, whether they're getting what they hoped, and things that excite them. If you really deliver on their expectations, I think the business has real -- I think we have an ability to continue to add dimensions to it. So we think it's the right path. We have to negotiate the appropriate agreements around it. And in some ways, I think we expressed our frustration that it hasn't moved faster. And in some ways, probably recognize the importance of doing some things, like standardizing and simplifying the experience. And if there's a question it's too complicated of an experience for consumers, it's too cumbersome an experience for consumers -- and I think we all can look at the simplicity of an iPad and realize how important it is to create an experience that 3- and 4-year-olds can figure out.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And if I can follow-up, when do you realistically expect to have some measurement on authentication? And is that an important milestone?
Chase Carey: You mean measure -- I'm not sure what you mean by measurement, though.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So you can measure your advertising, get paid on the advertising side of it?
Chase Carey: Well, we're certainly -- look, we're getting paid. I mean, we've got digital content. It is getting -- we're getting, I mean, we're getting value for advertising today. We started a year ago when we went into the upfront of being able to package part of our digital advertising with our traditional Television advertising. So we are measuring it today. Now some of that is sort of just digital sites, but it's going to be part of the whole digital experience. I don't think it's really -- I don't view that as sort of purely an authentication issue. I think I view that as digital, and some of that digital viewership will come through authenticated viewing, some of that will come through the experiences of the Hulu Pluses, the Hulus and other players then. But we are certainly well into trying to develop -- we don't have targeting. Clearly targeting and advertising broadly is an opportunity that's yet untapped, and I think one of the real opportunities for the business, I know the cable guys are investing in it. And I think that's important for all of us to figure out how do we take that pipe of targeted advertising to another level. But we certainly, we've been in it and developing it for the last year. And it's an important area of focus of growth for us.
Operator: We'll go to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: 2 questions. The first one is to help us kind of evaluate the scale and size of the international cable business. Could you give us a sense, on a pro-forma basis, for the fiscal year that just ended, including Fox Pan American Sports and STAR and all those things, what is the split in revenue and OI between international and domestic? And then if you can give us a sense for what you think that would be underlying your 2013 guidance? And the second question is, without addressing any specific partners, can you give us a sense of when you think about the guidance next year, does it anticipate any new additional players of scale coming into the digital distribution business that you're counting on revenues from? Or does it sort of anticipate the same basic playing field?
Chase Carey: No, well, on the latter question, I think it's Mark who asked earlier about where the upside, I think we touched on it there. I mean, we think there will be more activity, but we haven't really -- our guidance does not factor any big new player or something big happening. I think we've looked at it more as largely a continuation of the international side, again, that's had some activity growing into it. But I think we've guided it much more towards what we see today as opposed to trying to handicap what the new players do to it. I think that is an upside. I take it's much more of an upside than downplay. That is mostly upside opportunity for us, but we haven't factored in the numbers. And I think in terms of...
David F. DeVoe: Internationally, it's roughly 25% of the earnings we just reported. So it's 25% of revenues in earnings international. That's pretty broad, okay, so...
Chase Carey: And international said a different way, I mean, I think we said in the past, we expect the business in 2015 to be -- and this is excluding STAR, to be a $1 billion business. We're at -- and realistically we're ahead of that curve today. And then STAR would be on top of that. And STAR is certainly a significant additional component to the channel business internationally.
Operator: We go to Jason Bazinet with Citi Investment.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just have a quick question for Mr. DeVoe. I just want to confirm that the guidance that you laid out assumes that the offer for CMG does not go through, or, in other words, it's not in the guidance? And if that offer does go through, say, midyear, does that help your OI about 1% or 1.5%? Is that directionally about the right number, if you could give a calendar year close midyear fiscal?
David F. DeVoe: It's not included in our guidance. And depending on when it closes, it would help our OI. Obviously, part of that, at the moment, we pick up as equities on the sports business. So you're not too far off, actually, with this 1%.
Operator: We'll go to Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 quick ones. The first one, it sounds like the flat guidance for Publishing will be driven primarily by cost cuts rather than any stabilization in revenue. So is this the right way to think about this? And then my second question is, on education, when would this become a contributor to profits? Is this a 12- to 18-month thing or a 3-year initiative? And will costs ramp up over time, so we're looking beyond fiscal 2013, that $180 million may grow another $100 million each year?
Chase Carey: And I'll touch on the education, let Dave will touch on the Publishing. I think probably, really, the right way to give you some visibility because we haven't and it's a complex plan, is to have Joel Klein do it, which we're going to plan for this fall, and he can give you some visibility. I will say that the spending, we do look at probably 2013 as essentially being a peak year. But and it, from there, we start to develop the revenue side of it and really invest [indiscernible]. We still have significant investment in 2014, but '13 is probably the peak. And I think we will develop the revenue. I think Joe's better off to give a better sense of that, and a better sense of what the products and the plans are. Dave?
David F. DeVoe: Yes, [indiscernible], really, it's a combination of both. It's a combination of crosscuts, but it's also a combination of increases in revenue. We certainly expect our business in the U.K. to do significantly better in fiscal '13 than in did in fiscal '12.
Reed Nolte: Thank you, everybody, for joining today's call. If you have further questions, please call me or Joe directly in New York.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference call will be made available for replay starting today, August 8, at 6:45 p.m., Eastern time. The replay of the conference runs through August 22 at midnight Eastern. You can access the AT&T teleconference replay system by dialing 1-800-475-6701. Please enter the replay access code 254526. International participants dial 1-320-365-3844, replay access code 254526. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive teleconference service. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-05-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Reed Nolte - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Director Chase Carey - Deputy Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the News Corp. Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded.  With that being said, I'll turn the conference now to the Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Reed Nolte. Please go ahead, sir.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello everyone, and welcome to our Third Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on today's call are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. First, we will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, then we'll be happy to take your questions, first from the financial community and then from the press. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended March 31, 2012, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. And these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found on our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call such as segment operating income, adjusted earnings per share and adjusted net income, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of segment operating income, EPS and net income are included in our earnings release.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Thank you, Reed, and good afternoon, everybody. As you have seen in today's earnings release, we are pleased with our continued progress in fiscal 2012. We reported third quarter segment operating income of $1.31 billion, a 23% increase over a year ago levels. This improvement was led by very solid results at our Cable Programming and Film segment. The current quarter's operating income results include a $63 million charge related to the ongoing investigations initiated upon the closure of the News of the World in the United Kingdom. Also note, the year ago quarter included a $125 million charge related to a litigation settlement involving the company's Integrated Marketing Services business. Excluding these charges from both years, third quarter adjusted total segment operating income of $1.38 billion increased 16% from $1.19 billion in the prior year. Our share reported results from our equity earnings of affiliates were up $93 million in the quarter and after adjusting for gains associated with BSkyB's share repurchase program and adjustments in the prior year primarily related to asset dispositions, at NDS, associated results improved $67 million. The majority of this improvement reflects revenue-driven earnings growth at BSkyB. Reported net income in the quarter was $937 million, with reported earnings per share of $0.38 as compared to reported earnings per share a year ago of $0.24. Excluding the net income effects in both years of onetime items, primarily consisting of the items I just highlighted, third quarter adjusted earnings per share this year are $0.37 compared with the year ago adjusted result of $0.26, a 42% earnings per share improvement. Our press release includes a reconciliation of our GAAP results to these amounts. Now I'd like to provide some additional context on the performance at a few of our businesses. Now, let's start with the Cable Networks. This segment continues to drive overall company results, generating nearly 65% of News Corporation's total segment operating income. Third quarter Cable segment operating income contributions increased 15% over year-ago levels to $846 million, with double-digit earnings growth at the RSN, FOX News, FX, National Geographic and the FOX International Channels. This growth continues to be top line-driven with segment revenues up 16%. Affiliate fees at the Cable Networks increased 18% over last year's level, with domestic channel affiliate fees up 15%, driven by our successful affiliate renewal negotiations in the first half of the fiscal year. International fees were up 31% with about half of the international affiliate revenue increase driven by organic growth and the remaining reflecting the consolidation of the Fox Pan American Sports upon the buyout of our partners in December. Third quarter advertiser revenues for the segment were up 9% over last year level, with domestic ad growth of 10% and international growth of 7%. Although all our major domestic channels delivered year-over-year increases, ad sales increases were particularly strong at the FOX News Channel and National Geographic.  On the international side, double-digit advertising growth for the Fox International Channels continues to reflect strength in Latin America and Asia. And at STAR, much of the double-digit local currency advertising growth was offset on a U.S. dollar basis due to the comparative weaker Indian Rupee.  In the third quarter, we saw some slight margin compression in the Cable segment. This primarily reflects increased sports programming cost due to the delay of the NBA season and the resulting increase in televised games this quarter, the launch of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, as well as consolidation of FOX Pan American Sports.  At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $171 million decreased $21 million versus the third quarter a year ago. This decline reflects the absence of advertising revenues and operating profit associated with last year's Super Bowl on FOX. Excluding last year's Super Bowl, advertising revenues at both the network and the stations were aligned with a year ago. We continue to have solid gains in retransmission revenues, which more than doubles in the quarter.  At our Film segment, third quarter operating income was $272 million, 10% higher than a year ago. This improved result includes higher contributions from the Motion Picture Studio, most notably from the worldwide theatrical and domestic home entertainment performance of the most recent Alvin and the Chipmunk release, as well as higher Television production contributions that include increased syndication and digital distribution revenues. Year-to-date, we've recognized approximately $250 million in total revenues from our Netflix and Amazon deal. Turning to SKY Italia. Segment operating income in the quarter of $40 million improved $23 million from last year. This improvement primarily reflects higher advertising and subscription revenues resulting from the higher year-on-year subscriber base. ARPU of EUR 42 was in line with the third quarter year ago and was EUR 1 higher than the most recent December quarter. While we are pleased with SKY Italia's financial performance, the challenging economic environment in Italy is directly impacting gross subs additions in churn. As a result, SKY lost a net 86,000 subscribers in the quarter ending, resulting in 4.94 million subs at the quarter end. We continue to have complete confidence in the long-term growth prospects for this business, given the relatively low pay-TV penetration in Italy and SKY's strong competitive position there. But we are realistic and that our growth is closely linked to consumer confidence and consumption, which will be challenging, given the economic conditions in Italy over the near term.  In our Publishing segment, operating income of $130 million declined $31 million compared to a year ago when we exclude the prior year's $125 million litigation settlement recorded in this segment. This decrease largely reflects lower advertising revenues at the Australian and U.K. newspapers, as well as the impact from the closure of The News of the World. Declines of these groups were partially offset by higher earnings contributions at Dow Jones and HarperCollins.  And at our Other segment, we reported a third quarter segment operating loss of $147 million, $18 million lower than a year ago. This improvement primarily reflects the absence of MySpace losses, partially offset by $63 million of costs related to the ongoing investigations initiated upon the closure of The News of the World.  Before I turn to guidance, I'd like to update you on our original $5 billion buyback program. Through May 8, the company has spent nearly $3.9 billion, repurchasing over 220 million shares, reducing News Corporation's total shares outstanding by 8.4%. As I have indicated previously, we're looking to complete this program by the end of this fiscal year. But given current pacing, we may miss this timing by a few weeks. Our objective is to buyback our shares in a disciplined manner without artificially pushing our share price up during periods of low trading volume. Also please note that stated in today's release, our Board has increased our buyback authority by another $5 billion on top of what was authorized last summer. We are targeting to complete, total authorized buybacks by the end of fiscal 2013 by that time, it can fluctuate based on market conditions and other factors.  And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2012. And as a reminder, we measure this guidance excluding from fiscal 2011, the $125 million litigation charge resulting in a base of $4.975 billion in segment operating income for comparative purposes. In addition, as we discussed last quarter, we are excluding cost of the U.K. investigations from our guidance for the full year due to their uncertain nature. These costs, which are predominantly fees to outside lawyers and advisers, could total approximately $167 million for the first 9 months of this year. After excluding the full year effect of the U.K. investigation cost and based on all of the assumptions inherent in our projections, we expect that our total segment operating income percentage growth rate for fiscal 2012 to continue to be in the low to mid-teens range above the $4.975 billion fiscal 2000 segment operating income base level, with a bias towards the lower end of that range. I recognize that this growth forecast may appear rather conservative given the strong results generated in our first 9 months of fiscal 2012. However, there are couple of factors that will impact our fourth quarter comparative results.  While our Film results have exceeded last year's results every quarter so far this fiscal year. As we previously mentioned, our forecast that we do expect a significant decline in the upcoming fourth quarter compared to a year ago. This reflects difficult comparisons to last year's very successful release of Rio and X-Men, coupled with this year's expense of the releasing cost for our 2 big June releases and the early July release of the next Ice Age installment. Additionally, the advertising markets at our international newspapers have continued to be soft. And also as we indicated last year, the Publishing segment included contributions from the 53rd week, which does not recur this year. As a result of these factors, we are expecting both our Publishing and Film segments each be approximately $125 million below last year's fourth quarter results, which will contribute to the reduction on the growth rate from the 9th month growth rate of 20%.  And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chase for his comments.
Chase Carey: Thanks, Dave, and welcome, everyone. Before I discuss the financial and operational strength reflected in last quarter's results, I want to take a minute to address our issues in the U.K. As we said, we take these issues very seriously, and our Board of Directors and management team remain committed to keeping the company on the right track for the future. And lots of work has already been done toward this end. The select committee report delivered hard true, most of which we openly acknowledge. However, I flatly reject the Rogue Report's notion that Rupert is unfit to run a major media company. That's unjustified and in many people's opinion, including my own, a purely partisan findings. Rupert has taken great business risks, especially in the U.K., where he's led News Corp.'s heavy investment, building Sky, creating great confident choice to 10 million homes, and creating 19,000 jobs. We invested in The Times and The Sunday Times titles that were nearly out of business before Rupert made the decision to save them. He's one of the smartest, most forward thinking executives of our time and both the board and I rebuff any notion that he is unfit to run this company.  With that said, let's focus on the quarter. As Dave said, our overall performance in the third quarter illustrates we're executing on plan to achieve our objectives of not just building but really bolstering our global content in Channels business. Our Channels business is a growth business, still in its evolution and we're committed to investing in content to strengthen our leadership position. We're not merely going to focus on squeezing the margins. We want to truly lead and to do so we're going to invest today for big returns tomorrow. Examples of this include our investment in the UFC, the Ultimate Fighting Championships, our spend in original productions and our renewed commitment to acquire more movies for our FX franchise, and overseas, in India, our recent investment in BCCI, the cricket rights. I believe firmly that these rights will add a whole new dimension to STAR's business. Other examples of investing in content includes the moves we've made at National Geographic Channel, where the new management team we've installed has boosted ratings and profits, with ratings up 40% year-on-year, driven by a great slate of new programming.  In August, we're launching our Spanish language -- U.S. Spanish-language network, MundoFox, already on target to reach 75% of all U.S. Hispanic homes. The demand is driven by one thing, great programming and stations believe that we fully understand how to use content to attract a highly valued, highly sought-after segment of the U.S. population.  Additionally, we're devoting capital to further boost our TV libraries, with such breakout hits as Homeland, New Girl and American Horror Story. Simply put, if we have the right content then we not only maintain the value of the bundle, we can grow it. In today's diversified world of global media choices, we know that having superior programming is a must, and that's a cornerstone of our growth strategy and a key to delivering real returns to our shareholders. We're also making progress in addressing our almost $15 billion in off-balance sheet businesses. In some cases, like Latin American Sports, we're buying out partners to take control. In others, you'll see us divesting, monetizing assets that don't support our strategy of growing our content and channels business. NDS is an example of this, where we've agreed to divest our 49% interest. Great company, but not one that fits into our overall long-term plans.  I know you're interested in what we're seeing in the ad market, on national broadcast scatter, we're seeing solid market current pricing of low to mid-teens above last year's upfront, and June quarter cancellations were in line with historical averages.  On the Cable front, current scatter is healthy with entertainment scatter up midteens. On the local side, the markets are a bit softer, and we're seeing a mixed pacing with heavy auto spending offset by declines in other categories.  In closing, before I move to questions, I want to comment on our additional commitment to another $5 billion buyback on top of our previous $5 billion pledge. This buyback is yet another illustration of our deep commitment to our shareholders to maximize value by achieving our capital deployment objectives. We believe that these kind of commitments, along with the growth and success of our core operations, will continue to ensure the long-term strength of the company.  And now we will take questions. Thank you very much.
Reed Nolte: Operator, we would like go to questions from the investment community now, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First we'll go to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Chase, I was hoping you could provide a little more color on the growth potential for Cable Networks, funny enough, it was your domestic networks that led the growth this quarter. International is only single digit, right? So it looks like you have some visibility on the FOX News renewal cycle. Can you give us a sense how long that renewal cycle will last? And once it's done, do you see enough growth drivers in domestic to sustain healthy growth? And then on the international side, should investors expect you to grow in line with the marketplace, 10% to 15% subscriber growth internationally or faster than the marketplace and a faster-- any sense of drivers would be helpful?
Chase Carey: Yes, I guess, I mean, domestically, I mean, I guess, it's really true around the world. I mean, I think those Channels businesses, like you said, we feel great about them. And they're pretty much on track on all steady front you want to look at it, I think, certainly, from the U.S. pretty much right on course. I think, we've talked, take, FOX News, I think, what we -- I think, essentially, by the end of this calendar year we're in, probably about half of FOX Universal will be up for renewal. Obviously, that's the immediate focus, but that's the lead path to come. So clearly, we're working through those cycles. Other channels, again, continue to come through. I've talked before, and I still continue to believe, we've got real room to grow there. Again, just whether it's based on 2 matters, strength in the case of something like FOX News, which again is a uniquely strong and important channel and, therefore, that's why we're capitalizing there. Channels that I still don't think competitively, whether we can or should, which should be FX, which I think is really carved itself as a true leader in the entertainment space and, clearly, it has a lot of room to grow and it looks at peers it competes with and I think it's a channel that just gets stronger as it goes. Or a channel like National Geographic, that touched on, that clearly, again, when you look at some of the players in that segment has a lot of room to grow competitively. So, I think for us, and then actually stuff like Ichea [ph] as I said, one of the attractions is, if we can grow, we're not adding -- if we can sort of drive the affiliate rates to more competitive place and take advantage of the growth in the advertising side by getting ratings to where they are in Nat Geo. We've made some strides but, clearly, channels like that, I think we're even close to it than where we can be or should be. I think the international business, we believe, we have the unique position of leadership and we should lead the market. And it is why you see us continue to make investments into that market, whether it's BCCI in India or sports in Latin America or just general rights that we've acquired like we did with Atacha [ph] a couple of months ago. And I think we're very excited by potential of that market. That market, other than, certainly, I can go to that southern segment in Europe, clearly has headwinds, certainly from -- look at those from those big developing regions of Latin America and Asia. And we think there are truly exciting opportunities, we think we have unique brands, unique strengths, unique content, unique expertise. And we think with the position leadership we could -- we should capitalize on. I'm not going to get into what are the new rates, but clearly we believe we should be a market leader. The market leader in those international markets.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So, if I summarize all that, is it fair to say that investors should expect double-digit EBIT growth to continue as far as I can see, is that fair?
Chase Carey: I'm not going to get to projecting, just give a specific growth rates in those markets. We feel great about these business. They are on track. If fairly marketed, we expect to be leading these markets.
Operator: Next question is from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a question for Dave on the balance sheet. I think that you've historically said that your goal for the balance sheet is to have 2x to 2.5x gross leverage. And I think you're roughly 2x now. If you think about the cash position over the next year, between free cash flow and the NDS proceeds, cash would be roughly $15 billion before this buyback, which is very welcome. I just wondering if you could address of what you'll do with those cash proceeds? And you expect to have more proceeds from BSkyB, do you see you'll have to sell that down, can you address any other acquisitions whether it's education or something else?
David F. DeVoe: Well, we just told you with $5 billion of the $15 billion is to buy back our stock, Jessica.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right, so there's $10 billion left?
David F. DeVoe: You are right with respect -- I think the gross leverage at 2x to 2.5x is basically, is probably a reasonable leverage for us and if you would strip out all the cash we get, I think everything you said is correct. And I think we just opportunistically going to have a look at how we access our -- how we utilizer our capital.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you say anything about the potential to have to sell down part of SKY?
David F. DeVoe: I don't know.
Chase Carey: We have no expectations in place, just to sell down SKY at this time.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The other part of the question was about possibly making acquisitions in education?
Chase Carey: I mean we're today we're investing, it's more investing and building it, I mean it's not, I think, at this point, that is the focus we made and acquisition is foundation. But our investments -- we are investing in education, but it's investing in building the business, which really means we are essentially as with any business you are starting-- with building it's losses you're taking as you're building the business up. Maybe it's a small acquisitions that you tag on. But again the primary investment is building the business, our primary investment today is building the business. I think touched on the side, I said last call, I think this year $75 million to $100 million investment, which is really a loss for bookings that investment in building the education business.
Operator: And we'll go to Richard Greenfield with BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: First on Sports Networks, there's been a lot of discussion about what you all may be planning to do in terms of broadening out the scope of your Sports Networks. Could you give us a sense of how you're thinking about that? And then just a housekeeping question for Dave. I think you mentioned that you backed out the FSI charge from last year that your Publishing OI was down about 20% year-over-year. But within that is obviously the closure year-over-year for the first time of News of the World. Could you give us a sense of organically, within that overall Publishing division, if you left out News of the World, what does the revenue and OI year-over-year rates look like in terms of increase, decreases?
David F. DeVoe: Europe? [indiscernible] The OI basically will be stripped out News of the World but have be flat for the quarter. That's certainly not representative of as to where we think the year is going to be, where that segment will be down, I'm not going to give you a number, but it will be down significantly from where it was a year ago.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Is there a reason why the Q3 was reasonably flat relative to the full year?
David F. DeVoe: We had some offsets in the quarter -- you had reasonably good earnings growth from both Dow Jones and HarperCollins.
Chase Carey: And on the National Sports, obviously ,with some of the press-- I guess I'd say the press rally was a bit over blown. Look, the reality is that we are in the National Sports business. Today, we have channels, we have Speed, we have FOX Soccer we have FUEL. We have, there are more syndicated sports and I guess we always do, we're looking and we have to get big sports business in the regional side, I think. So we have some national franchises, regional franchises and, I guess, still we're looking at ways what's the most intelligent ways to maximize the value and the opportunities inherent in it. I think that there are great people connected at ESPN they could just probably, again, more of a media having fun, ESPN see these business. We like sports plays that we can do things that make sense to add dimensions to our Sports business, we would, but I think it's much more focused on the franchise that we have and how do we maximize the value and the potential of those businesses.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Has your view of the single sport network changed?
Chase Carey: I think it's always changed, give me a couple years, it always changed a bit. I mean, yes, I think there's pros and cons, to me it's how you -- I think they're still a place for them. But obviously, sports channel with multiple sports, probably has a bit more potential to because of the nature of it to just touch a few more people and bring in more of the marginal fans, so I mean, obviously, you have to be able to program it intelligently and to be able to make sense to that. And I think we have we don't have any plans so, today, I think what I've said is, we're evaluating things. And if there's something that makes sense, then we do it. If there isn't -- so if we like the business, yes. but I think this would only be simply -- we saw there's something to add, add dimension to it and we certainly explore it if not we like the businesses we have and we can certainly take them forward. So, yes, maybe there's a role for both. But I don't think -- I wouldn't say there's a dramatic shift, I think there's -- but I think there's a role for both.
Operator: And that's from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two. Just on the guidance, first, so we should start the 4 9 7 5 and then that grows low teens including or excluding the impact of the $167 million charges to date. Is that the right math?
David F. DeVoe: That's correct, yes.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And is there anything else, Dave, in the fourth quarter beyond what you called down Newspapers and Film or Publishing and Film that impacts the quarter? My math is just sort of flat to down.
David F. DeVoe: Those are the 2 principal items. Obviously, we're a dynamic business, so we've got other small items.
Chase Carey: [indiscernible] I mean, I know it's going to be down year-on-year, against it's ratings. You got some headwinds and the economy in Italy that Dave touched on, those 2 items are sort of at a level that is unique but they're always-- it's a tough business as you go across this and there'll be other items.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And advise to the low-end of the low teens is was what you said, right?
David F. DeVoe: That's correct.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then Chase, are you sort of -- is there an explicit strategy to sort of monetize the unconsolidated assets, either buy more or exit, I mean you've done NDS, Hathaway, you've got some others. I'm just curious one of the clear sort of areas of value will be good on the stock is on the unconsolidated assets, I'm curious if that's something you guys are explicitly now executing as a strategy or if it's still sort of individual case-by-case?
Chase Carey: No, actually I think, I mean first, I think, and I think I've actually said it on prior earnings calls that I think we should be with these off-balance sheet businesses moving to either own or operate or monetize. Now, I've always qualified that by saying we don't want to put time frames to it or create pressures that don't let us maximize value. The businesses we're in that we're quite comfortable with where we're at. So I think it is an objective, but I call it a very -- it's an objective and a goal without a specific timeframe or target to it. I think and particularly for businesses that we feel -- this is what we do, we like where we are and we may well be there for a while. But I think we have been more explicit where we've been historically of saying we think the right place to be is to own and operate or monetize. So there'll be a lot of issues that you don't -- you don't execute it as a short term.
Operator: We'll go to Alan Gould with Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I've got a question on digital distribution. Dave gave us that the revenue was $250 million for the 9 months. I was wondering if you can give us what it was for this quarter versus what it was for the same quarter last year? And Chase, I was wondering if you can tell us if you've seen any impact on ratings or any pushback from the distributors to the digital distribution deals?
Chase Carey: Well I guess on the ratings, I would say, I wouldn't -- I guess getting any relative set backs so I guess if you took-- and there's different types of digital distribution. And take that -- I guess take something like Hulu, which can be concurrent, and there's no question you get some viewership whether it's DVRs or catch-up, there's more viewership and more streams of an episode in television I don't -- so I think the places people are finding shows again the biggest thing that could be DVRs but clearly people finding viewership in other places. The core channels, don't know what you're talking about it, and particularly, the Netflix issue and the like, it's I mean it impacts on channels. I wouldn't say so. In some places we're looking to buy. We buy film packages today where traditionally essentially buying the digital rights, so if they are SOD [ph] rights attached to a film, we're trying to capture those. And I think the channel you probably want to continue to own the broadest set of rights you can so that there are digital rights to exploit -- you're exploiting them. So in some ways like FOX Network, but if a Fox Network show gets shown on Hulu they're capturing the ad dollars so it becomes, I think, in many ways if you look out over time, you're going to have shows premier, live on the network but in many ways people, some are going to be view live when it's showing in the networks, some are going to be view it in DVRs, some are going to view it on a various forms of electronic media, whether it's to TV Everywhere or through a service like Hulu. But for us, what we're trying to do is capture as much of that viewership and the value of that viewership in the right way. So I don't actually view that as a dilution of viewership, I think that the reality is people finding it in different places and us making sure we're capturing the value of ad content-- controlling the rights that are right, capturing that value, capturing that value with that viewership, if it cuts costs, that's great. It's different when you get into probably things that are library services in terms of what type of what rights do you own and do you own rights that -- if you own the breadth of rights you want so people aren't finding alternatives through digital media. And, again, that's why something like FX, we're buying movie rights to not create -- this quarter, I mean, clearly it's growing, I don't know, to be that precise but we're probably, this year, in this quarter, we are probably up $25 million to $30 million from a year ago in the digital packages.
Operator: We'll go to the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first one is you indicated, Chase, that retransmission consent dollars were, I think, up year-over-year double or something like that. Could you give us a sense of where we are with reverse comp? And given that it's probably pretty early for revenue, can you update us on what percentage of the affiliate base is at least contractually locked in to start contributing something? And the second question is, a difficult thing, in that you don't want to negotiate publicly, but can you give us a sense in the context of the FOX broadcast Idol ratings. What kind of ratings guarantees do you think you make given the performance of Idol? If you could just give us a general sense of which way you expect ratings to go, I guess.
Chase Carey: I'll come back, I'm not sure followed your Idol question, but I'll come back to it. On retrans, not sure that was, I'm not sure it was, I guess, it is about double this year. The affiliates side of it, which I think was the heart of your question, retrans is where we are in the affiliate sort of side of the retrans that are sort of essentially payments for the retrans, for the affiliation rights. And that clearly behind where we are in retrans. It really is something that we have some but it won't -- it is going to pick up a lot. I think the vast majority of our we have this significant portion, I think it's probably about -- i think, what is it? About half the, I think, this by the end of the year about half the affiliate body will go through an affiliate renewal that enables us to put in place a structure that recognizes the value of our programming. And I think by the end of the following year, we get up sort of closer to 70% to 80%. So we've had some, it's been small, it's probably that is a bit of a tail behind the core retrans we've done through the ONOs and it will pick up a lot. So, I think, between now and year-end, a lot comes through and then there's another block in the year that follows. So in the next 6, 12 to 18 months, the majority of the affiliate body will roll into agreements that help recognize the value of the programming we put forward and it will be a pretty sizable chunk that comes in this calendar year. On Idol, I didn't understand...
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess the question is given the ratings have been pretty weak, right? as you enter the up fronts, you are going to have to have certain audience guarantee levels, like what is -- is this -- how do you view the prospects for ratings next year?
Chase Carey: I mean Idol, didn't -- I think I did say the last quarter, Idol didn't perform what we hoped this year. But realistically, before sort of jump on it, it is, I think, even with the Super Bowl, it just has with Voice and Super Bowl package, the Idol just past The Voice to go back to being the #1 show this year. It's a big profitable #1 show. It was down more than we would've liked this year. But it's a big valuable franchise and makes a lot of money. We certainly think we've got a lot of life left in it and I think our challenge is for next year is to put some fresh energy and I think we did well a year ago, probably not well enough this past year to find ways, then probably learned a bit that as show and clearly it's finishing whatever its 11th year or something -- but probably to make sure, each year, we're adding enough to it. So I think there was a year ago with the changes in the judges and the like, and I think some people running the show who came back with a lot of pressures to the fresh feel, probably didn't do enough this year and that's probably the lesson. So I think we need to find and make sure we, next year, give that show enough energy and excitement to sustain it. Now the reality is, yes, it's an 11-year-old show. But the reality is, it's the #1 show in television, it makes a lot of money and it is certainly, we look at as we go into next year, the centerpiece for the network and we're excited about the potential of it. And I think we will be negotiating with advertisers about it.
Operator: We'll go to Adam Alexander with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the buyback. So far you've only focused on buying back the Class A shares. Wondering if that's going to continue? And as part of that, what plans do you have in place to reinstate the foreign shareholder vote back to 100%?
David F. DeVoe: The current plan is to continue to buyback the nonvoting Class A share. And with respect to the foreign ownership, it will be measured time to time and to the extent that we can put back part of the vote, we won't. To the extent we can't, We won't. I mean, it's a point that we have in place to deal with the issue with respect to our television license in the United States.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And you think there's a timeframe you can put on that, Dave?
David F. DeVoe: I'm sorry, timeframe with regard to what?
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Getting the shareholder vote back to 100%. I mean how long do you think or what process do you actually have to reduce the foreign ownership back to the level required by the license.
David F. DeVoe: There's no timeframe on it. To the extent that the shareholding we change is would be more shareholders buying the voting stock and it would allow us to let more of the foreign shareholders vote. But it's a function of that, there's no other plan.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And in changing, David, the buyback to buy back the voting stock, would that have any impact on it?
David F. DeVoe: It could, but not that's not what our focus is at the moment.
Operator: And we'll go to Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just have one question for Mr. Carey. Seems like the investment community's gotten comfortable with sort of the litigation expenses. But I was just wondering, as you sort of fast-forward to the next reporting period, presumably you guys give guidance, is there anything that you sort of see on the horizon that could cause the investigation to sort of spillover into the operating metrics, specifically, I'm thinking about indications that advertisers are pulling away or anything that you could sort of think that might be on the horizon that would influence your guidance for next fiscal year?
Chase Carey: Really, in all honesty, we've seen nothing. And I can't imagine, I guess I'd be shocked if there was, I mean, I'm certainly seeing nothing today.
Operator: And that's off from Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I was interested in the step-up in the domestic affiliate fee growth, 15% from 9%. Was wondering if you could tell us a little bit about how much of that step up was driven by FOX News versus the RSNs? And as you roll in more kind of renewals over the balance the year, is there potential for that growth rate to step up even more over the next few quarters?
Chase Carey: Yes, we feel very good about where we are in affiliation. I guess I've always felt that kind of look at on a quarterly basis is not the greatest practice, I mean, because the renewals you can end up with, we're right on track so I'm not trying to detract from it but I'm not going to break down channel by channel, how does it fall out and clearly renewals. In fact, we've said in the past we've had historically sort of in 10% plus getting low double digit in affiliate growth than we usually look out it over -- as we look at it over as the next few years and we continue to be confident and I feel confident about that growth, it's about the mix of channels there. But I'm not going -- we're not going to break of the channels down. I think that said, there are channels that obviously has bigger growth. I talked about FOX News and the fact we see unique strength and we see unique value and were going -- that's it, we're going to renew half the channel between now and half now and the year-end. So there's certainly that's a meaningful part of it but, you know, the company CapEx is doing great as well. But I think, in general, again, this is one you really ought to look at over a bit longer time period it takes some of the bumps that can go in and out in the quarter, and out of it.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: If I could just follow up, you said you're renewing half of distribution between now and the election.
Chase Carey: I mean that's what we've done, so it's not all renewing. Essentially, in this recent cycle, again, we've renewed and will renew about half by the end of calendar year.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So there's more to come, it's not all done yet?
Chase Carey: Yes.
Operator: And we'll go to Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess for Chase, a question on Cable Programming and the pay Television business. Chase, you sat on both sides of the bargaining table as CEO of DIRECTV, and now running a very large cable programming group. And you alluded to preserving the bundle, yet it seems like every cable network group is aggressively trying to raise affiliate fees. So I was wondering if you could just speak about how you strike the right balance in terms of maximizing your affiliate revenue while preserving the bundle? And if I could just, on the topic off-balance sheet assets, Hulu, if you could just update us on how that fits in and the strategic direction there? [Technical Difficulty]
Chase Carey: I think the question was on the bundle, so I guess that we can follow up and I would assume everybody's on the call to but we apologize unfortunately somebody stepped on the wrong switch on one of those extension cords. I guess, 2 responses to the bundle. I mean first from our perspective, I mean we're going to get competitively what we think is fair price for our content. And expect the only way we can run this business is to get our fair share. So that is our job and that's what we're going to do and if we do a good job and create channel for that real value, we should get a what is our fair competitive rate for our channel. I think in terms of what pressure does that create on larger bundles, I mean, so OSI [ph] is not going to subsidize it but I think we keep our eyes -- we're aware of the discussion, aware of the issue. If you think still to date it is an issue that really you don't see in the core business. I think the value of this bundle is set on and it is getting sales one that is tremendously for people [indiscernible] lose sight of it, there are two sides to the price of this bundle. I mean it's not -- there's the content and channel side and the distribution side, you're right, I used to sit on that side of it. The one thing I know from sitting on that side of it is there are big profitable business is over there so this is not about somehow you've got somebody on one side of and the other that can't afford to go outside, I understand people have pressures and we want this be healthy for everybody. But this is a good business model for both. I think that's one of the reasons why we believe TV Everywhere is an important solution to -- because one of the ways to deal with the cost is to make sure we keep making experience better and richer and a customer gets new things, able want to find content on new devices and the like, and I think it's important that we do enrich that experience and make sure-- the customers always rather pay less but at least for what-- to the degree that we -- I think one of our challenges is to make sure we continue to make that experience better and better for them by enriching this. But actually I do still think it's pretty good value. So not immune to it, and I think we'll continue to sort of do what we can to address it. I do think TV Everywhere is the primary initiative through which we would try and address it by again adding value to it as the cost goes up. But I think the power and importance and, ultimately, really the value of this bundle given the time people spend with it, making it a really good and important proposition for consumers.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just on Hulu, Chase, in terms of any update on kind of the strategic direction and how it fits in given the off-balance sheet opportunistic strategy there?
Chase Carey: I'm going to say I mean the off-balance sheet, but I don't -- I'm not sure the off-balance sheet part of it focus on. I mean, I think for us it is, I think, the focus is really how do we continue to develop that as a digital franchise that enables us to add dimensions to the content and channels businesses we have. I think it is, as I said before, it's a reason we did put forward with the sale of the business is there's no question, these digital platforms are going to be a driving force in our business going forward, real opportunities. If we can manage it properly, and I think that's the focus is we need to make sure we have rules and discipline by how we deal with it and what we put in there and what terms. That it could be a real -- I mean there's real opportunity to add a whole a new dimension to our business and something that enriches the whole, both on a content and the networks perspective. That's where the focus, not anything in terms of the balance sheet interest.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Tuna Amobi with S&P Capital IQ.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: So I don't remember your last time SKY Italia lost this many subscribers. I was just trying to get a sense of if anything has structurally changed in that market? What's the competitive situation there and where the subscribers are going, just to get a sense of how that business is kind of shaking off? And the other question was the question if I could squeeze in the question on the situation with -- I'll take the question after the answer on the SKY.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean I think in Italy, I'm not a historian, but I think what has changed is clearly the Italian economy is going through an incredibly -- the Italian population is going through an incredibly difficult time that has people obviously concerned about the future with -- and I think probably unique in decades. Again, I can't say as I'm not an economic historian but I think this is probably one of the most challenging periods of time the Italian economy has faced in decades. And it really started last year, probably really started to manifest itself in our business in the beginning of this year. But there's the question, consumers are deeply concerned about the short-term future in Italy. What are these various austerity measures and the like, I guess the issues we all hear and read about that are affecting particularly Southern Europe are having an impact. And I think there are people that are -- have a lot of uncertainty about what the future is going to look like. I mean, we believe in the long-term future of this business. We're very confident, I mean, actually competitively, I'd probably say, we're stronger than we've ever been. I mean I think we had -- a few years ago, we had a platform from MediaSet that service launched that competes with us. I think we've actually done a really good job in competing back, and the quality of services is better than ever. But we're going to have to ride through a pretty tough upgrade update, very tough economic period as Italy finds its footing. And I think they have that -- you have to get to a place where the population there has some visibility or understanding on what the future is going to be. And what it think while you're going through this period of austerity with new leaders and policies being debated and election changes and the like, people are sort of hunkering down in trying to again wait for some visibility to what's there. But I think competitive -- the power of this product we feel great about, I think that the strength of this business competitively, we don't have a cable business we compete with, but -- and so I think we are excited about the long-term. But I think we recognize we have tough period ahead of us in the short-term.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: That's very helpful. Chase it would be nice to get some reassurance that you can continue to grow your operating income in that market. And a housekeeping question for Dave. I guess last first half, you got a benefit from the NBA lockout, which you had expected to reverse. I apologize if I missed that for Q3, what was the number of the reversal and what amount you expect for Q4 on the NBA?
David F. DeVoe: It's $40 million in the current quarter.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: Okay, is that pretty much done now or there's more to come?
David F. DeVoe: There's a bit more to come in the fourth quarter.
Reed Nolte: Operator, I think, now would a good time to switch over to questions from the press.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Edmund Lee with Bloomberg News.
Edmund Lee: Chase, you had mentioned in the investors conference a few months back that there had been some internal discussions about possibly spinning off some of the newspapers. Given there's some sort of weakness in U.K. and Australian papers this past quarter, is that another consideration to go moving forward?
Chase Carey: Again, just as I probably, just clarify what was said. I think I know what you were talking about, I mean, I was asked was I aware, was I aware that there was investor interest in us potentially spinning off the Publishing businesses and my answer was, yes, I was aware there was investor interest and us doing so and in my responses we take that seriously. As we should both as management and board, we discussed that and other strategic options. As I said, and it would still be true today, we don't have plans to do to do-- you know we don't have plans do that. Our focus is on getting these businesses, I mean, obviously, we still have some headwinds and they talk about the challenge Publishing business in this quarter. Getting those business is in place. We've got new management teams that are got a good plan in place to drive them forward. So our focus is improving those businesses but we're aware of the issue and we appropriately discuss it in a focus on other things that we are appropriately should discuss as a board and a management team.
Operator: We'll go to the line of John Jannaron with The Wall Street Journal.
John Jannaron: With regard to BSkyB, when you talk about the way you look at an asset and believing that if you can you'd like to be an owner and an operator, how long are you willing to wait for that? I mean by that I mean is there a point in time when you might consider doing something else with all the cash you have invested like buying back your own stock. It looks like the market's pretty happy with what you announced this afternoon based on what stock was trading. So is there a point in time when you might start thinking about other options if you're not able to move forward?
Chase Carey: Let me be clear first, we are not reserving an option there today. I think we said I've said in the last couple of calls, we are not expecting any sort of the short to medium term to be doing anything other than maintaining our interest in BSkyB. So we're not managing, we're sort of going to go forward, assuming we're not doing that. So it's a perception somehow we're taking actions that have that in the planning process. That's not the case. In terms of owning it, again, I probably some of this is what I said before. We're not to put timeframes to it. We like that investment. We like that business. Obviously, we tried to buy that business. So it's an indication of our commitment to and belief in that business, you got a great management team that does a great job. We've sat with it's stake now for 20 years, so clearly we have waited for a long time. We're not going to put time frames to when we may or may not, I recognize the statement not backtracking on this statement, we rather own and control or monetize but equally we'll reemphasize the statement I made that there's no timeframes to that. And the different assets in different businesses, we may end up saying those are positions that for reasons override the desire to monetize their own and we'll finally stay the course. We've been comfortable staying the course with BSkyB, in for a long time here, and I think that's where we are today. So our focus on BSkyB is going to be to continue to be a shareholder that helps it to fulfill its potential, proud of what that company's built and excited about its future.
John Jannaron: Okay, that helps. Just one other a thing, can you tell me if he given any consideration to James stepping down either from the News Corp. board or from BSkyB?
Chase Carey: No, not.
Reed Nolte: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: That will be from the line of Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson with the Financial Times.
Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson: Could you just clarify for us the process of renewing your licenses with the FCC and the timeframe there? And also, did you get any feedback from them on the fact that you're foreign ownership and as high as 36%, which I imagine didn't happen overnight.
Chase Carey: We -- I don't know, right now I don't know all the stations for subset stations. I mean, I do know the cycle. There's a cycle you go through that is up over multiyear, how long -- Dave thinks it's every 10 years. I don't actually know what it is but I know it's not 1 or 2. But you go through a renewal process we went though and I guess it's part of that process we went through and there are corporate steps, discovered we had the issue and address it. I think -- I think that.
Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson: [indiscernible] It got so out of whack, how did you not notice that it got up so high?
Chase Carey: I think we did obviously. That's what we did. We went through the study and then we buy.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. I think we're all set for today. If you have any more questions, please call us in Europe later on.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for replay. It starts today at 6:30 p.m. Eastern time, will last until May 23 at midnight. You may access the replay at any time by dialing (800) 475-6701 or (320) 365-3844. The access code 244401. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-02-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Reed Nolte - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Director Chase Carey - Deputy Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Jolanta Masojada - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to News Corporation's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] Right now, I'd like to turn the conference over to Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, News Corporation.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2012 earnings conference call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. First, we'll give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, and then we'll be happy to take your questions, first from the financial community and then from the press. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended December 31, 2011, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. And these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, the definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment operating income, adjusted earnings per share, and adjusted net income, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of segment operating income, EPS, net income are included in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Reed, thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. As you've seen in today's earnings release, we are quite pleased with our continued progress in fiscal 2012. We reported second quarter segment operating income of $1.5 billion, this is a 16% increase over last year. This improvement was led by a more than doubling of the contributions from of our Filmed Entertainment segment, as well as strong double-digit growth increases at our Cable Programming and Television segments. These increases more than offset declines at our Publishing and Other segments. There are number of items in this year's second quarter worth highlighting for you. In the quarter, we recorded $87 million in costs related to the ongoing investigation in the United Kingdom, which is reflected in the Other segment and significantly affected our operating income. We reported a $125 million pretax income in Other net line, which primarily reflects a non-cash gain related to the consolidation of Fox Pan American Sports. Additionally, equity earnings of affiliates includes a $44 million pretax gain from BSkyB's share repurchase program. And lastly, we took a $36 million restructuring charge primarily related to our international newspapers.  Reported net income in the quarter was $1.06 billion, with reported earnings per share of $0.42 as compared to reported earnings per share a year ago of $0.24. Excluding the net income effect in both years of onetime items consisting of the 4 items I just highlighted, as well as the comparable year ago charges, second quarter earnings per share this year of $0.39 compared with a year ago adjusted result of $0.29 and 34% earnings per share improvement. In addition to the operational achievements, the improved earnings per share result reflects $0.02 per share benefit from reduced shares outstanding as a result of the repurchases under our buyback program.  With that, I'd like to provide some additional context on a few of our businesses. Let's start with the Cable Networks. This segment continues to drive overall company results, generating nearly 60% of News Corporation segment operating income. Second quarter Cable segment operating income contributions increased 20% over last year's level to $882 million. This growth continues to be top line driven with segment revenues up 9%. Affiliate fees at the Cable Networks increased 11% over a year ago level, with domestic channel affiliate fees up 9% and international fees up 19%.  Second quarter advertising revenues were up approximately 6% over last year at both the domestic, international cable channel businesses. And please note that the domestic channel ad trends includes an adverse impact at the Regional Sports Networks by the delay of the start of the NBA season.  At our other domestic channels, advertising revenues were up 14% in the aggregate, driven by particular strength in FX. At our international channels, the Fox International Channels continued to report double-digit advertising revenue, while growth at STAR, its strong local currency advertising growth was more than offset -- was offset rather on a U.S. dollar reported basis due to the weakening of the Indian Rupee. As noted in today's press release, the NBA lockout resulted in a net earnings benefit to the Cable segment in the quarter of approximately $55 million, with reduced rights and production cost more than offsetting the advertising and affiliate fee reductions. This benefit will reverse itself in the second half of our fiscal year as those NBA costs now shift to our third and fourth fiscal quarters, consistent with the timing of the games under the revised NBA schedule.  At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $189 million increased 25% over the second quarter a year ago. This growth was driven by over 20% advertising increases at the broadcast network and higher retransmission fees that were partially offset by higher programming costs from our new fall series. Season to date, the Fox network 18-to-49 ratings were up 10% excluding the Super Bowl on the strength of such new shows as X Factor and New Girl, as well as strong ratings from the NFL.  At the stations, advertiser revenues were below year-ago levels due to lower political spending. Excluding politicals, local station ad markets spending in the quarter was essentially in line with a year ago.  At our Film segment, second quarter operating income was $393 million. This is more than double the $189 million we reported a year ago. And it reflects significantly reduced theatrical releasing cost. The second quarter also includes strong worldwide home entertainment performances of Rio, Rise of the Planet of the Apes and X-Men: First Class. Additionally, our Television production studio generated higher profit contributions led by the growth of digital distribution revenues from licensing library content to Netflix and Amazon. Year-to-date, we've recognized approximately $200 million in total from our Netflix and Amazon deals with the maturity falling in the second quarter. Turning to SKY Italia, segment operating income in the quarter of $6 million improved $18 million from last year's reported loss of $12 million. This improvement primarily reflects slightly higher subscription and advertising revenues as well as lower programming cost and is a very good result given significant slowing of the Italian economy. ARPU of EUR 41 declined EUR 1 from a year ago, but increased EUR 1 sequentially for the first quarter this fiscal year, and this primarily reflects the pricing increase announced in December. We had 23,000 net new subscribers during the quarter, with quarter ending subs totaling -- just slightly more than 5 million. Insurance continues to run at an annual rate of about 12%.  Just turning now to our Publishing segment. Operating income of $218 million declined 43% from a year ago. This $162 million decrease reflects lower advertising revenues at the Australian newspapers and Integrated Marketing Services business, as well as the impact from the closure of the News of the World in United Kingdom. Dow Jones earning contributions were up slightly, and Chase will provide more details of these businesses in a few minutes. And just to correct myself, the operating income was $218 million in the quarter. It didn’t decline by that.  And in our Other segment, we reported a second quarter segment operating loss of $191 million. This is $35 million higher than a year ago. This increased loss primarily reflects $87 million of cost related to the ongoing investigation initiated upon the closure of the News of the World that more than offset the absence of MySpace losses. These U.K. investigation charges are predominantly fees to outside lawyers and advisers working on various investigations and committee hearings in the United Kingdom.  Before I turn to guidance, I'd like to update you on our $5 billion buyback program and through February 7, the company has spent nearly $2.7 billion repurchasing over 160 million shares, reducing News Corporation's total shares outstanding by 6.1% compared to the start of our fiscal year. And as we announced last July and confirmed in November, we fully intend to complete this program by the end of our fiscal year. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2011. And as a reminder, we measure this guidance excluding from fiscal 2011 the $125 million litigation charge resulting in the base of $4.975 billion in segment operating income for comparative purposes. As we now look to our results for this year. The cost of the United Kingdom investigations are substantially higher than the amounts we're reflecting in our guidance at the end of the first quarter.  Due to the fluid nature of the ongoing investigations, inquiries, hearings and judicial proceedings, we're unable to reliably forecast these costs for the full year. As a result, we are excluding such cost from our guidance for the full year. These costs which are predominantly fees to outside lawyers and advisers have totaled approximately $104 million through the first half of the year, including the $87 million reported in the second quarter, and we'll continue to report the amounts incurred on a quarterly basis. After excluding the full year effect of the United Kingdom investigation cost and based on all the assumptions inherent in our projections, we expect that our total segment operating income percentage growth rate for fiscal 2012 to continue to be in the low to mid-teens range above the $4.975 billion fiscal 2011 segment operating income base level. I think at first glance, this growth may appear rather conservative given the strong results generated in our first 6 months of fiscal 2012. However, there are a number of timing items worth highlighting for you. As mentioned previously, the approximately $55 million benefit realized in the second quarter from the NBA lockout reverse in the following 2 quarters. Additionally, the majority of the anticipated Netflix and Amazon revenue for this year have already been captured through the second quarter. And also note that Fox big animated release this summer, Ice Age 4: Continental Drift will be released July 13, with the majority of the releasing cost but no revenues hitting this year's fourth quarter. And this compares to a very strong second half of fiscal 2011 led by the profitable theatrical performance of Rio in last year's fourth quarter. And with that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Chase for his comments.
Chase Carey: Thanks, Dave, and welcome, everybody. The last quarter's been one of steady progress on our key strategic objectives. In our U.S. Cable and Broadcast business, our goals are to build unique and distinctive channels that can be market leaders in the competitive arenas. To invest intelligently in key content that can strengthen these channels, to be opportunistic about ways to grow new franchises, and to generate revenues that reflect the fair value of that content.  We're executing pretty well on all these fronts. Our big channels like FOX, FX and FOX News continue to be leaders, distinguish themselves from our competitors. Emerging channels like FOX Soccer, FUEL and Fox Movies have added exciting new dimensions to the businesses. New long-term arrangements with the NFL, UFC and FIFA for the World Cup will anchor growth for both our Broadcast and Cable businesses. We continue to look for ways to grow new franchises like the X Factor on FOX and the new Charlie Sheen sitcom on FX. We're building new properties like MundoFox to take advantage of unique partnership opportunity with RCN to tap in to the rapidly growing Latino market. And we continue to complete retransmission in affiliate agreements that recognize the value of our content. We see long-term growth opportunities through authentication and believe it is the right strategy for content owners, MBPDs [ph] and consumers. Much of it just needs to be executed better. The advertising markets, while not quite as robust as they were 6-plus months ago, remain solid. In the March quarter, the broadcast network is still seeing scatter pricing at a premium to the strong upfront pricing and the stations excluding last year's Super Bowl are seeing a March quarter up around 5% on last year with the business getting stronger. We're also taking share from our competitors with Fox Television station setting market share records in the December quarter.  The channel side is more varied with FX continuing to see strong double-digit growth while locals sports at the lower end are up mid-single digits. The International Cable Channels business, our strategy is much the same with a higher focus on growth to take advantage of both underlying market potential and opportunistic expansion. Competitively, our channels have never been stronger.  From STAR in India to our group of Latin American channels, our market share and competitive position continues to improve. We're investing in key content on a global basis to further differentiate our channels. We set rating records with the launch of American Horror Story, and we look forward to the global premier of Kiefer Sutherland's Touch next month. We continue to add key new franchises to build on this strength. Most recently, in Latin America, we acquired control of Fox Pan American Sports, a leading Latin American sports business, and launched Fox Sports Brazil. We're working on some exciting new opportunities in Asia too. These businesses continue to perform ahead of expectations with results from the developing markets of Asia and Latin America significantly offsetting a bit of softness in a few western European markets.  At our distribution platform businesses, our goals are to grow market share through premium content, technology leadership and superior customer service wrapped around our unique brand offerings. In Italy, we successfully tackled the competitive challenge from our major industry competitor, as well as a challenging regulatory environment to regenerate growth and excitement in our business. We recently added a renewed key sports right to continue to expand initiatives like HD and DVRs. While this business is pretty resistant to economic headwinds, it's not immune. We do expect short-term growth to be impacted somewhat by Italy's macro issues, but we are extremely bullish on its long-term potential.  In Germany, our growth has been even more dynamic. This growth strategy requires capital. We just entered into another capital support agreement, and while Germany is still a work in progress, the management team has done a great job the last year and has established real strength and growth to –- in a business in Europe's dominant economy. As a media company, we believe the explosion of consumer demand for digital content, driven by the upsurge in emerging platforms in international opportunities makes this a great time to be a content leader. However, we equally recognize this is a business driven by quality, i.e. hits, not quantity and we strive to find the right balance for success. It's also a business that requires discipline and expertise to navigate challenging economics. All these were complexities require a great management team and we have teams on both our film and TV production businesses that are second to none. These businesses have proved adept at managing the slowdown in transition in the home entertainment market, exploiting the digital market in a disciplined manner and maximizing international market opportunities. In our Publishing segment this is clearly a tough year as we're seeing significant year-over-year declines in the U.K. papers, the Australian papers and our integrated marketing business. We expect fiscal 2012 full-year results for each of these businesses to be down around $100 million, actually we expect the U.K. to be down $150 million plus for the full year.  In the U.K., the impact from the closure of The News of the World has been exacerbated by a very tough economy. But as we said many times, we're committed to making things right in the U.K.  In Australia, the economy has also severely impacted our business. We have a new management team in place that is focused on restructuring this business to address the challenges and we tackle them from a position of strength through our world-leading franchises. At our integrated marketing business, our issues stem from the changing dynamics of the in-store side of our business. On the coupon side, business is operating on plan. To address these challenges, we're executing a strategy that includes expanding categories of stores, adding or significantly expanding our relationships with key customers like P&G and completing multiyear agreements to recapture some of the lost growth in this business. The one Publishing segment that is up year-on-year is Dow Jones, although we believe we're just scratching the surface of the potential for this business in today's digital world. We just announced a new CEO who was already at work on plans to deliver on that potential. I want to be clear, while these Publishing businesses face the challenges of a maturing print market, we believe there's a real opportunity for quality branded news, particularly if digital platforms continue to evolve. We are committed to being a leader in news and information and we remain confident in our ability to transition these businesses. Bottom line, we feel really good about the momentum to our business and believe we have a lot of upside over the next few years to our overall results. With that, I'll turn to questions.
Reed Nolte: Operator, we'd like to go to questions from the investment community now, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I want to ask you about affiliate fees. Can you talk about the outlook? I know you have a new distributor deal in place for fiscal Q3. Can you give us any sense of the growth for the back half of the year? And on the international affiliate fee side, is that increase of subscriber growth? Are you seeing any increases in the per sub affiliate fees?
Chase Carey: I guess from the first -- I mean, the second half, I only get too part [ph] of the quarter-to-quarter. I think these are better looked at year to year. I mean the second half of the year will be higher growth than the first half. But as we said before, we feel pretty good that as we look out over the next couple of years, the type of growth we've had, that sort of 10%, 10%-plus growth in affiliate fees is something that we can sustain. And we obviously have an array of deals coming up. I think the most recent is DirecTV, which we'll give a little headwind to the -- give a little tailwind to the second half. But I think to get it into too quarter-to-quarter it gets too sensitive to the signers [ph] of timing of deals. But at aggregate, I think we believe we have a momentum. The momentum you've seen the last few years, is the momentum we believe we can continue as you look out the next few years. In terms of International, I mean, it's certainly both. We're investing in those channels, we're building better channels. And there's a question, both subscriber growth and rate growth are very much at the heart of strategies we're employing as we build these businesses around the world.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can I just sneak in one other thing? You mentioned investing in things like the Spanish-language network. Can you just give us a sense of how that big investment spending will be over the next year or so?
Chase Carey: That's particularly because of the partnership with RCN. I expect that we really like to build [ph] and I think that's an investment in the tens of millions, multiple 10s. It's not 10 or 20 but it's 10s not 3-digit millions. We think we have a really unique partner that has really created a product for that marketplace that is distinct from what's there. We like the growth in that market, and we think it's real opportunity with a unique partner to build a really attractive business in an exciting segment of the marketplace.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Bank, RBC Capital.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones. The first is, Chase, could you give us a sense right now of what the average affiliate ONO retrans fee is across the group right now? And the second question is, we thank you for the clarity on the buyback commitment through the end of the year. Just to push a little further, could you kind of comment or reiterate on your overall capital plans in terms of your allocation for M&A? Any more you want to say that sort of goes beyond the year even generally for capital allocation?
Chase Carey: I mean I think it happened in the past and probably don't plan to get into what are the retransmission rates we're looking for. I will say we're on target with what we set out to do. And continuing to work both sides of both the ONO side and the affiliate side of it. And this is an area that we think is critical to us and I will say we think we are certainly making headway but still what we're getting would not reflect the value of our content competitively in the marketplace. But we're trying to be constructive and consistent. And to date, we're pretty much right on target with our plans. But we haven't really put the rates out there, and I don't think we plan to put the rates out there. In terms of capital, I don't think we're in that different place than, and I start to say what I said in the past I think continues to be sort of pretty much the same -- where we're at today. I mean we continue to have a -- and we recognize an overly liquid balance sheet. We recognize we still have an overly liquid the balance sheet when we finish this buyback. I think we are trying to work towards a place where we've got a appropriate level of leverage, enough cash in the balance sheet for flexibility but not excess liquidity we got now. We'd rather be building businesses than acquiring businesses, but I think if we can find businesses to acquire that -- or buy that meet our thresholds, and that's a threshold again to me that is sort of a mid-teens return. We think those are investments to make. I mean, take the, I guess the Latin American investment. It achieved 2 goals for us. One, we had a minority stake we'd like to -- and we said that before, we think that's a good opportunity to stake something we own a third of to, take full control and make it an operating business as opposed to an off balance sheet investment. I think we should be -- the businesses we're in, we should be striving to the ones we like to own. If it doesn't make sense, then go the other way. So that's a business that achieves that goal and we're very excited about the growth. I mean, it far exceeds any of the thresholds we have for return on that investment. We're very excited. Latin America has been a real area of growth for us in the Channels business. We think this adds a real dimension to that business. And we're very excited about the ability. And has with it the building of business. I mean, this is an early stage business in Latin -- brings with it the opportunity to build the sports channel in Brazil which we didn't have before. So I think if we can find opportunities like that, that bring those sorts of dimensions to it, we think that's the type of opportunity we're clearly looking to pursue.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one quick follow-up. I mean do you think it's fair to infer then, given the kind of numbers you are talking about for that opportunity, is it fair to infer that at this point we could be expecting the kind of intermediate term run rate of capital returns to shareholders that we're seeing right now? Or is that we just can't infer that?
Chase Carey: Look. I mean, we have -- I recognize I get asked question about sort of a buyback deal on this buyback. And as I said, we recognize -- we continue to have liquidity, excess liquidity. Our stock continues to be undervalued. I think another buyback is something we certainly probably think makes sense. We haven't made that decision at the board. We'll make that decision before we certainly get to the end of this buyback, which as Dave said, be no later than June. But I think this is one where I'd like to see sort of got a -- I think you can look to where you're going in terms of what liquidity, what's the leverage, what's the strategy in terms of -- of how you invest. And we'll make those decisions as we go along. And I guess we try to lay out that philosophy.
Operator: Comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Question also and I’ll throw a clarification in there. The clarification first, you said FX was strong double digits in the March quarter. And I was just curious if it was a similar growth rate in the December quarter? Or a little bit lower? A little bit higher? Where, obviously, it's a good comparable to other groups that are out there. And then Chase, the question is, I think you said in your prepared remarks you felt execution on authentication needs to improve. I think everyone on the call probably has their own opinion on this, but I was curious to see if you would expand on your view relative to that comment.
Chase Carey: Sure. I mean what I really said, I meant FX is probably more scatter pricing. I mean sort of -- I think in FX today, you'd see -- we had strong upfront and we’re probably seeing scatter pricing that is probably in the neighborhood of 20% up in the March quarter. What we have, if you look at the revenue in the quarter, probably the second quarter was a little stronger than the third, but FX is -- we're thrilled with the momentum behind FX and everything they've done. FX has been a great story for us.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was really trying to get to the overall ad marketplace where there was sort of similar in March to December or better or worse and FX is the proxy. So...
Chase Carey: I think actually if you took it in aggregate, I think for the Cable group, it will be strong. It's -- on terms of authentication, I think it is the right solution. I think I guess my degree of, I don’t know if you call it frustration, with it is, we're talking about it when I was back at DirecTV over 2 years ago. So I mean I think in this world, you can't spend 3 or 4 years getting something going. So I think sort of all of us just have to do a better job of moving these things forward. And I think it just takes too much time -- I think it is the right solution and I think it is the solution that, again, I think serves everybody's purpose, including consumers, in bringing a much more exciting proposition to the marketplace. I think the product we provide, if we can continue to enhance it, actually is a great value for the consumer. But we've got to do our job and make sure we're delivering. Delivering great –- [indiscernible] service, we got to create exciting content, we got to add new dimensions to it to excite them. I mean if we can add all those things, I think somebody like Apple has proved it. Apple doesn't win by being cheap, Apple wins by creating a great experience. It gets fair value for it. And we've got to do our job, but we can't take the time we've taken to try and get this going. And as a secondary concern, it's a little bit, it's sort of historical objective to try to move this forward in a wall guard mode and I think for December, this world of technology is going to run over the wall, so I'd rather see a much more open architecture around authentication. But I want to -- I think it is -- I think TV Everywhere, authentication whatever you want to call it, is the right solution to the marketplace. But we've got to execute better.
Operator: Comes from the line of Michael Nathanson, Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have one for Dave on housekeeping and one for Chase on our sense. So Dave, everyone's called out the impact of the NBA so far on these conference calls. Can you give us a sense of what organic advertising and [indiscernible] growth would've been apples-to-apples with NBA in the numbers? Or kind of just give me apples-to-apples for the quarter?
David F. DeVoe: Yes, I thought I said it actually, 14%.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: 14% for advertising, and affiliate fees?
David F. DeVoe: Slightly less than that. Yes, it's been probably about 9% apples-to-apples, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Could you talk to you education initiative? I think it remains a major source of concern for investors in terms of kind of what you're going to do with future spending in this category. I don't think anyone really knows much about your plans. Where is it going? Would you ever consider buying a company such as McGraw-Hill or Pearson to accelerate your strategy. Just anything you could tell us would be helpful. And then just a follow-up on the RSN side of the business. Time Warner Cable appears to be doing just fine without MSG, notwithstanding what they're trying to do with the new net in LA. How do you think about the sustainability of your RSN business?
Chase Carey: I guess in the Education business I'll start up by saying we're not buying -- we're not buying Pearson or McGraw-Hill. The Education business, we're very much in an early-stage building mode. It is a business I talked to you earlier on in different context about our desire to build businesses, not buy businesses, that's what we're doing here. And we are currently investing in the business. Sure hiring people and putting and investing really in people and technology. It is very much ramping up right now. I think as we look at this full year, we will probably invest or I guess realistically it’ll sort of take a P&L loss, sort of $75 million plus probably for the year. The majority of that will be in the second half of the year. Because if that's where the ramp-up kind of phase of this is. We think it's the right way to build this. We don't have any legacies, we're not burdened by protecting any historical businesses. And we think building is a real opportunity to create value. We think the opportunity continues to be to use digital technologies to be disruptive to enormous business stuck decades in the past. And we think we put a team together. Joel Klein has hired a number of really world-recognized experts in this field. And we think we have a team that has a real vision for how they're going to capitalize on this. I think our plan for everybody there is probably -- in the next few months, probably before the next earnings call, would be to provide a bit more visibility to what those plans are, where we're going with that. Again, there's a lot going on today in that arena. And I think we will try and in coming months to provide better visibility to it. What was the second part, Richard?
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Just in terms of the RSNs,...
Chase Carey: I don't know what -- I really know what -- what's really happening in New York. I mean, first, New York’s a pretty unique animal, I guess anybody who has been in a New York apartment goes trying to see how many choices you got for a provider. So it's not a typical market in terms of -- one of the consequences of not having key programming. I think we're pretty comfortable in the importance of sports, the value of sports and ultimately, as David always says, sports are tribal, which means local. So we look at the business. We feel very good about and continue to believe we can do exciting things.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And Chase, just a follow-up, when do you think would be the earliest we start to see actual revenues start to flow in from the Education side?
Chase Carey: Again, I think it's probably better -- they're moving pretty fast, but I think it's probably better to let -– rather than give piecemeal. [indiscernible] I think Joel is probably the right person to give you a better and a more complete understanding of it. He'll do that but I think just sort of do it piecemeal probably won’t do justice to it.
Operator: It comes from the line of Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: One question from your prepared remarks and then one follow-up. On the newspaper Publishing segment, Chase, I think you mentioned $150 million headwind this year at the U.K., $100 million on Australia and $100 million at inserts, so $350 million total, did I get that right for the year?
Chase Carey: For the year, yes, that's right.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then on the Netflix-Amazon number, I think you said $200 million fiscal year to date, most of which already been booked. Is that...
Chase Carey: That's revenue.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's revenue, right. Chase, what do you think happens to that business if you say over 2- to 3-year period, I don't know if you would define it as a business but at least the sort of new digital licensing revenues that the industry is generating. I think there's a lot of debate about the sustainability of those business models long-term. But I'd be curious just to hear your thoughts and if you think that business gets meaningfully larger for the revenue line for News Corp. over a sort of 3- to 4-year period as these initial contracts re-up.
Chase Carey: I mean, I don’t see how the business doesn't get larger. I mean, it just seems every time you –- we get somebody new talking about coming into the business, creating digital platform. Last year's Verizon and Redbox. I'm not sure I can figure out the partnership. But Verizon [indiscernible] digital distribution. So I think without question, I think that business gets much larger and I think even existing players. And sort of obviously Netflix went through a bit of a roller coaster, but they sort of seen to have, to their credit, re-found their footing. And we have long -- and one of the nice things is, essentially with the existing players when we booked it this year, we have recurring annual revenue because really we have structures that give up the ability to continue to renew and extend and put product in every year, to charges [ph]. And then as you get new players coming in, it gives us an ability to expand that market around new players. But I think this is an arena that has enormous growth. And as you think about sort of everybody including the big guys that are sort of, whether it's the Googles or what have you, that talk about the Googles, the Apples that all sort of –- I think, not clear where they're going but ultimately I don't think anybody is sort of not saying that video isn't, video isn't a core part of the future. And which is why, I made the comments about I think the importance of value of content, our desire to invest in content, our desire to be a leader in content and make sure we have really unique, whether it's acquired or created. It's got to be both. But control as much content as possible to take advantage of it.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Would you expect someone to go out with a full sort of virtual cable product, live linear channels as well?
Chase Carey: I mean, there’s some talk. I think there's a lot more complexities around that, whether it's capacity complexities or other dimensions. I mean, I think in some ways, I mean, so you hear some of the buzz -- in many ways, I think the greatest opportunities are always when somebody sort of figures out, develops something new for the market as opposed to just me toos. I'm not smart enough how to figure that out. I guess the guy who does will do well. But I think you'd like to sort of figure out how do you create new experiences that take advantage of these technologies, not just sort of me toos.
Operator: Comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente, Barclays Capital.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just had a question about advertising. I'm trying to square away. It seem like if you back out the NBA lockout you talked about 14% growth. I take a step back and look at the TV station trends, I think you said last quarter was sequentially in line. So I'm interpreting that as flattish last quarter.
Chase Carey: Flat without politicals. With politicals in, it was actually down, more like -- I think like 12% or something. So think of flat and x political.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Right. So I guess my question is bigger picture, why -- it seems like the national cable TV advertising marketplace seems like it's pacing and trending a lot stronger than the TV station group. And in your mind, what are the biggest reasons why that is?
Chase Carey: Actually, I'm not sure I'd say -- again, we've take -- on TV side, Broadcast side, our scatter market, it used to be a solid scatter market. We just went through -- I see cancellations for -- the June quarter just came in at the low-end of what would be a historical number. On the station side, we're up 5%. Actually, if you take out -- if you really do an apples-to-apples in adjustments because there was an NBA, NFL game that fell in there, it's probably more like 7%. So you've got -- you got a solid business on the kind on the station side. So I think it may be a bit more [indiscernible] but I think for us, we clearly have some franchises on the Cable side, in the FOX News, it's going into a political cycle, so it'll have benefits of the political cycle, I talked about the strengths of FX and sort of -- and I think the success it's had and I think it benefits from that. And look, we're investing in more content there, so you expect to be delivering. Not that we aren’t investing in content on the Broadcast side too.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just one quick follow-up, which is the answer to your question before about capital allocation. And I'm not sure if you mentioned dividend as part of your considerations there. If you look at other U.S. media companies, dividend yields are a bit higher. And I just wonder, is that -- is dividend growth or higher dividend yield a consideration at the board level when you go through the conversation?
Chase Carey: For sure. I mean I think dividend -- I think it did increase just a bit.
David F. DeVoe: We increased it last -- the increase was $0.15 to $0.17.
Chase Carey: I mean, it is, it should be. I guess I always have a little bit of a bias when your stock's undervalued to a buyback. But it should be worth a dialogue, and I think it very much is.
Operator: That comes from the line of John Janedis, UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you give a little more color on relative to $1 billion operating income goal. I mean realizing it gets only about 1/3 of revenue from advertising, to what extent can maybe a weaker global macro environment impact will you see [ph] growth under the renewals? How does the global ad market look? And how many channels do you expect to launch this year?
David F. DeVoe: We just launched 4 or 3, I guess.
Chase Carey: It's tough to do a channel launch. There's a lot of –- there’s only so many countries, a lot of times you're launching something regional or countries. So I think in general, in many ways, I think we're looking opportunities. I probably say the focus is a little more on quality as opposed to quantity. I mean I think we like but I think quality always wins out and you want to have big strong channels. And so I think it has a sort of bias and it's sort as both just the pure land grab of volume in channels. I mean, I think there are opportunities, like I said, that sports in Latin America is a truly unique one. And mention, we got a couple of things in Asia going on that I think are equally exciting for us. But I feel like good opportunities to add channels but in many ways I probably said right now the greater focus is on sort of continuing improved quality of those channels to drive that upside. Any time you try to get into global trying to predict global macroeconomics. [indiscernible] I wish I have that type of crystal ball. I mean most of our growth is coming out of places that are not -- that what everybody is talking about. We're getting a little bit of -- within a few Western European countries. But even there, some of those are fine and certainly Asia and Latin America continue to be strong and are not -- and people talk of problems. And these are businesses that, again, what I said in the comments, they're not immune to economic challenges but they hold up pretty well against these stack-up industries and sort of what the impact on it. One of the great things about these subscription businesses, they're pretty resilient when it comes to large issues. Now obviously, if you had something truly sort of catastrophic, I don't know how anybody predicts what that means. But we feel pretty good about where these businesses are, what their future looks like.
Operator: Comes from the line of Alan Gould, Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Chase, you've just hired an executive from Bloomberg to run Dow Jones. How much of an opportunity is there to take Dow Jones more into the digital realm than it is more into the professional area? And will this require a major investment?
Chase Carey: No. First, I think and only just I touched on it. I think it’s an enormous opportunity. This digital world is going to make quality information I think more valuable than ever. And if you want talk quality information, I mean The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones is the top of the heap. And I think to date, a lot of our focus has been on the journalist consumer product will sustain the other business but I think we really have not taken advantage of the opportunities to develop the broader digital franchises that can be grown out of -- and we've grown, so I'm not saying they haven't -- the people there have not undertaken initiatives. But I think there's a real set of opportunities for us to create products. And I guess you can certainly hit it the B2B, B2C. I'm not sure it's not sort of continuum. I mean in many let's say is a professional individual, a consumer or a business person? And I think that's sort of what we're going to create. What we need to create is products that have a continuum from sort of obviously [indiscernible] base and the ability to create products that tier up from that, whether they're targeted or deeper that take advantage digital technologies. And in many ways, a little bit like I talked about elsewhere, one of the great benefits we have in building these things is we can take advantage of the digital technological infrastructure that's been put in place. And we are not building with some of the legacy infrastructures that others may have. I think mostly it's taking advantage of what we got. And focusing the discipline, I don't think it's -- I mean, I know it’s going to be some decreases in investment. But I don't think it's a big investment that we're taking. It think it mostly focusing on the right opportunities.
Operator: And that comes from the line of Jolanta Masojada, Credit Suisse.
Jolanta Masojada - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Chase, just following up on an earlier question. Can you talk about in the first half of Film, how much of film profit is coming from digital rather than how much revenue is coming? And what's your view of the long-term potential for digital growth to compensate for DVD declines?
Chase Carey: You mean, how much of the home entertainment? I'm not sure I can do this. I mean, clearly it's more -- the DVD business is still the majority of it though the growth is certainly Blu-ray and electronic digital distribution. Our growth there if you look out at future. I mean DVDs are going to be around for a long time. People like them and people continue to have them. But I think, as you said, where is the business going longer-term? It's going to migrate towards form sort of digital distribution. So I think that is the longer-term future, but I don’t want to imply that DVDs don't have real legs. I mean, actually, Blu-ray has been a pretty good growth driver and Blu-ray growth rate grew at sort of like 20% or something right now. So we're going to -- we're certainly not going to just -- we're going to continue to make sure we manage that business intelligently and make sure we focus on both long-term as obviously always we're driving towards but be intelligent about the short term. And I think the DVD business continues to have legs.
Reed Nolte: Operator, now we would like to go to questions from the press, if we could.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Edmund Lee, Bloomberg News.
Edmund Lee: Of the $104 million charge taken for cost related to the hacking issue, can you give us some sense of how much of that was for settlements? And how much you might have sort of set aside this coming year for pending settlements?
David F. DeVoe: I think it the vast majority for that number is, as I said, for professional fees. I would say more than 85% of the cost. Or said in another way, 15% of the cost related to the settlements.
Edmund Lee: Related to settlements. And then moving forward for this year, is there a sense of how much you set aside for settlements for this coming year?
David F. DeVoe: No.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Russell Adams, Wall Street Journal.
Russell Adams: Chase, can you give an update on what's the status of your talks on the Dodgers is? Are you engaged with any bidders?
Chase Carey: Yes, I'm not going to go too deep into it because it's a process in motion now. Right, they’re probably engaged with a lot of bidders. We'd like to -- [indiscernible] said before, we're not looking to buy the team. We're looking to see if we can do something that makes sense in the media rights, we'd like to do it. And we're talking to a number of the bidders. I think timetable out there is pretty public, I think it's got a decently short timetable to come to move through the next few months. And we'll see if there's something that makes sense for us.
Operator: Comes from the line of Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson, Financial Times.
Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson: Chase, I wonder if you can give us any more detail on that statement you made about expecting $150 million decline from the U.K. papers. Is that about circulation, advertising, restructuring, costs for a Sun on Sunday or what is that?
Chase Carey: No, the vast majority of it is the impact of having closed the News of the World. I mean obviously that...
Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson: Just lost income?
Chase Carey: Revenue that we used to -- I mean we have large -- there's a big business there that has a lot of sort of fixed cost. But a big infrastructure in terms of sales and circulation and other overheads that supported multiple papers. And 1 of the 4 papers that it supported and generated revenue went away. So the vast majority of it is essentially the impact of the lost revenues of News of the World.
Operator: Comes from the line of Inka Evidelsi [ph] with Reuters.
Unknown Attendee: With the resignation of John Hartigan leaving the company in Australia, there's been a lot of speculation that Lachlan Murdoch might come back to the business. Could you comment on that, give us any sense if that might happen anytime soon?
Chase Carey: I think Rupert said clearly in the past, he'd be thrilled to have Lachlan back in the company. But right now, there aren't any plans to announce.
Operator: Comes from the line of Ryan Nakashima with Associated Press.
Ryan Nakashima: Since you said most of the costs related to the phone hacking is for legal fees and things like that, I mean, how far in the future do you think that will continue? I think there's several ongoing investigations, right?
Chase Carey: We're not -- look, our priority on this is to make things right. Not that we're not going to try and be intelligent about the costs. But our priority is to get on top of this and make things right. That's going to be our focus, and not going to -- it may be difficult to predict. I mean, we're working with authorities. We don't necessarily control all the -- we're cooperating with authorities and that to some degree dictates part of it. But we're not going to predict or target it. We're going to do what's necessary to make things right.
Operator: Comes from the line of Peter Ryan, Australian Broadcasting.
Peter Ryan: For Chase Carey, just back on The News of the World and the phone hacking, you have said that you do want to put things right. But could you give us an idea of what is in the pipeline as far as the lawsuits from hacking victims? And how are you managing that on a day-to-day basis? What's the process for these victims that appear to be coming forward?
Chase Carey: I don't probably have -- what is that -- I'm not the one managing it day-to-day. We have a group that's put in place to manage it. I don't know whether -- what has been said about it so I'm really probably not in a place to give you that type of detailed color commentary. Thanks a lot.
Reed Nolte: Thanks a lot for joining us today. If you have any questions, please give us a call here in New York.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today's call has been recorded for replay. It will be available after 6:30 Eastern tonight through February 22 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 234736. International participants may dial into the United States at (320) 365-3844. That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Chase Carey - Deputy Chairman, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Executive Director, Senior Executive Vice President of News America, Director of BSkyB, Director of NDS, Director of News America and Director of STAR Reed Nolte - 
Analysts: Dawn Chmielewski Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Claire Atkinson - Lead Business Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Yinka Adegoke Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson Paul Bond Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs & Partners Australia Pty Ltd, Research Division James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the News Corp. First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, News Corp. Please go ahead, sir.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, Marla. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2012 earnings conference call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. First, we will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter. Then we'll be happy to take your questions, first from the financial community, and then from the press. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended September 30, 2011, identifies risks and opportunities that could cause actual results to differ. And these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, the definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found on our earnings release and our 10-Q filing.  Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment operating income, adjusted earnings per share, and adjusted net income, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP conciliation of segment operating income and the EPS in net income reconciliation is included in our earnings release.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Reed, thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. As you've seen in today's earnings release, we're off to a great start for fiscal 2012.  Total company revenue for this year's first quarter was up 7% compared to the first quarter a year ago, led by mid to high teens revenue growth for the Cable Programming and Film Entertainment segments.  Total segment operating income in the first quarter was $1.39 billion, a 21% improvement over the $1.15 billion reported a year ago. All segments, with the exception of Publishing, reported double-digit growth.  Included in this year's first quarter results are $130 million in pretax charges in other net, reflecting a fair market adjustment on our Sky Deutschland convertible securities and a fee related to the withdrawal of our BSkyB business in July. Additionally, the company recorded a $91 million pretax restructuring charge, and this is principally related to the company's United Kingdom newspaper business. Net income this year was $738 million, and this is down slightly from last year's $775 million result. Excluding the net income effects of the onetime items in both years, principally the items I just noted, the first quarter adjusted net income this year is $823 million or $0.32 per share, as compared to the year ago adjusted result of $759 million or $0.29 per share. In addition, you should note that last year's first quarter result included a net tax benefit of approximately $90 million or $0.03 a share related to the resolution of various tax matters.  With that, I'd like to provide some comments on the first quarter performance and just a few of our business. Let's start with the Cable Networks. Our largest profit generator, which accounted for over 55% of News Corporation's total segment and operating income this quarter. This segment continues to drive the overall company's result, with first quarter segment operating income contribution of $775 million, and this is up 18% in the aggregate, and reflects 16% growth in our domestic channels, and 25% growth internationally.  This growth continues to be top line driven with segment revenues up 13%, affiliate revenues at the cable network increased 12% over year ago's levels, and advertising revenues grew 17% and this reflects particular strength at FX, the Fox International Channels, and at STAR India.  The revenue growth demonstrates the continuing strength of our Cable Network franchise. FX ratings are up 17% so far in calendar 2011. And in September ranked as the #3 most popular cable channel among adults 18 to 49. This is its highest monthly ranking in its history.  The FOX News just finished its 56 consecutive quarter of operating income growth and looks to gain more momentum as the year progresses with the upcoming election cycle.  And our strong international channels growth reflects particularly robust affiliate fee increases in Latin America from subscriber and also from rate increases, as well as noteworthy advertising increases in India from continued rating leadership and also market growth. The Film Entertainment segment reported first quarter segment operating income of $347 million, and this is up 24% from the result we reported a year ago. Higher film studio contributions were driven by the very successful worldwide theatrical result of Rise of the Planet of the Apes that generated over $450 million in worldwide box office receipts, as well as worldwide home entertainment contributions from Rio, the biggest selling family title ever for an August release, which is on track to sell over 9 million units worldwide. First quarter results also include certain licensing revenues from the Avatar theme park deal with Disney.  At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $133 million increased 27% over the first quarter a year ago. This growth was driven by double-digit advertising increases of the broadcast network and higher retransmission fees that were partially offset by higher marketing expenses related to the launch of our new fall series. Higher advertising revenues of the broadcast network reflect a continuation of the [indiscernible] national ad market and higher ratings, as well as a broadcast of the 2011 Emmy Awards.  Season to date, Fox Network 18 to 49 ratings are up over 17%. At the stations, advertising revenues were below year-ago levels due to lower political spending. Excluding politicals, local station advertising revenues in the quarter were essentially in line with a year ago. Turning to SKY Italia, first quarter segment operating income increased approximately 45% to $119 million from last year's reported $82 million. And on a local currency basis, operating income improved 32%. This improvement is largely the result of lower program expenses from the absence of the World Cup cost that were included in the year ago result, and lower marketing costs reflecting last year's rebranding campaign.  During the quarter, SKY Italia surpassed the 5 million subscriber mark with approximately 34,000 net additions in the quarter. And as you may remember, a year ago, the programming packages were reorganized and the price point of the soccer package was reduced. These actions have had the anticipated impact of stimulating subscriber growth, lowering the monthly ARPU to approximately EUR 40.  Two months ago, in September 1, we initiated a EUR 2 per month price increase. Quarterly sack decreased approximately EUR 50 on average from the first quarter from last year, resulting in lower marketing costs. In our Publishing segment, the first quarter segment operating income of $110 million declined 38% compared to a year ago. The $68 million decrease reflects the impact from the closure of The News of the World in United Kingdom, as well as lower advertising revenues at the Australian newspapers in our integrated marketing service business. These declines are partially offset by higher advertising and circulation revenues at The Wall Street Journal.  In Other segment, we reported a first quarter segment operating loss of $99 million, a $57 million improvement from the prior year, and this is principally due to the absence of MySpace losses.  Before I turn to earnings guidance, I'd like to update you on our $5 billion stock buyback program. Through November 1, the company is spending a little over $1.9 billion repurchasing approximately 117 million shares. As we announced in July, we intend to complete this program within one year. We remain committed to that time period. Now let me address our guidance for fiscal 2012 and as a reminder, we measure this guidance excluding from fiscal 2011, the $125 million litigation charge results in a base of $4.975 billion and segment operating income from comparative purposes. In early August, we gave guidance anticipated in our segment operating income growth rate for fiscal 2012 to be in the low to mid-teens range above the $4.975 billion fiscal 2011 segment operating income base level.  So far, businesses remain on track with our expectations. As a result and based all of the assumptions inherent in our projections, we are maintaining our operating segments income guidance for fiscal 2012 to a growth rate range of the low to mid-teens above the fiscal 2011 adjusted result.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chase.
Chase Carey: Thanks, Dave. With so much of the press coverage in News Corp. in recent months focused on the News of the World issues in the U.K., our earnings call is actually a good time to shift gears to talk about our operations.  I'm in no way minimizing the importance of the issues we face in the U.K., or our commitment to properly address them. However, there's not a lot more that I can say beyond what has already been said. That is, we are cooperating fully with the authorities in their investigations, and we'll do what is necessary to make things right.  So I really want to use the next few minutes to talk about our operations and assure you that in spite of the time spent on the U.K. issues, the last few months have been a time of real progress in driving our business toward both our short and long-term goals.  As you've just heard from Dave, our businesses are on course to meet our financial targets for the year and we're off to a great start. The strength in our businesses was wide and deep in the just completed quarter.  At the Fox studio, our Film business is off to a strong start, and we see a stabilizing Home Entertainment business, while our TV production group continues to be a leader with a lineup that comprises 8 of the top 20 scripted series in TV.  On the Broadcast side, FOX is off to its best fall start in memory, and our stations continue to improve margins and market share. The advertising market has also been an area of strength with September quarter ad sales up over 15% at FOX and in our Cable business in aggregate. We scatter a double-digit premiums to the up front and both. While we have limited visibility looking forward, the national market continues to be solid, although scatter is not quite as strong as it has been as scatter premiums have pulled back slightly.  We should also note that we're in very good cash position going forward given our strong up front, and cancellations are in line with historical experience.  The local market remains a bit softer and after a slow start this September quarter, we had a good finish. Our business has slowed a bit in the December quarter where it looks to be down about 10% or flat excluding politicals.  Our Cable business both domestic and overseas just gets stronger with channels like FX setting new rating highs, and FOX News continuing to be a juggernaut.  Internationally, we now reach over 1 billion cumulative subscribers, up over 15% from a year ago, and fee businesses like STAR India lead Indian Television and set new program genres, and setting market share levels not seen since 2005. While the Italian and German SKY platforms will lead chats hundred of thousand subscribers in calendar 2011. The one segment with headwinds was Publishing. Nonetheless, The Wall Street Journal was up on both advertising and subscription dollars in the first quarter.  It was also a quarter where we continued to execute our initiatives that will enable us to achieve our goals for long-term growth and profit to cash flow. We continue to invest in content with the belief that the expanding appetite of digital platforms will make unique content more valuable than ever. We've added new hit programs like New Girl, X Factor and American Horror Story. At the same time, that existing series like Sons of Anarchy just get stronger. On the sports side, we've added the UFC and World Cup, both franchises with enormous growth potential to our roster of premium events sports content. And we're not just focused on the U.S. content. For example, SKY Italia has recently completed agreements for the exclusive rights to the UEFA Champions League and renewed our Series A Soccer with expanded rights to include mobile and digital extensions.  We have also become more focused in acquiring broad international rights to targeted series. The Walking Dead was a real success for international channels, reaching about 10 million viewers across 122 countries with the recent Season 2 premiere. We look to replicate that success when we launch American Horror Story in most countries next week. Another priority is to build on our continent brand strength to build the subscription revenues of our channels, including FOX to retransmission agreements.  Our just completed agreement with DirecTV is a critical step forward in reaching the financial targets for our channels. We believe we reached a deal that is fair for both of us, and we look forward to continuing to work with DirecTV in the future, in a spirit of partnership that enables us to both grow successfully.  We've also continued to pursue an array of opportunities related to emerging digital technologies. These range from licensing our content in a disciplined manner to digital distributors, to building our own digital platforms and content. We now have authentication deals in place with DISH, DirecTV, Verizon, and Mediacom, to increase our viewership while maintaining copyright protection.  This is becoming an increasingly important part of our business with VOD viewership of individual episodes of series like Terra Nova exceeding 5 million.  We also made the decision with our partners that Hulu was more a valuable platform for us to own and build revenue cell. We recognize that a partnership can be a complicated ownership structure, nonetheless we believe owning the leading digital platform provides us invaluable opportunities to shape and build our digital strategies.  In addition, we completed a transaction to strengthen our religious Publishing business with the acquisition of Thomas Nelson for about $200 million. Our Publishing is not the sweet spot for our growth efforts. We are going to intelligently manage the business we're in, and take advantage of unique opportunities to create value. This is a transaction where it deployed only a modest amount of capital to achieve significant synergies that will be accretive and generate returns far in excess of our most aggressive hurdle rates.  Overall, we're excited about our future and we believe we have the momentum to continue to be build on our current strength. Thank you.
Reed Nolte: Thank you, Chase. And now, Dave and Chase would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will go to the line of Michael Nathanson with Nomura Capital.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have one for Chase and then just a quick clean up question out for Dave. Chase, let's turn to FX for a second. If you look at the backdrop for general entertainment cable networks, there's definitely some choppy ratings for some other guys this year. Can you talk a bit about what has to happen differently, maybe this year, to grow ratings? And I guess just sustainability of the German cable networks, that'll be my first question, and one for Dave.
Chase Carey: I think FX is really -- while general entertainment category I think what it is done is really distinguish itself with series that stand out and I think that's important in any of these businesses, is you don't want to sort of just be part of a genre. You wanted to have series like The Sons of Anarchy, Sunny in Philadelphia, American Horror Story, there are unique series that clearly resonates what the real segment is the audience. And I think John Lancraff [ph] and his team there have done a great job of sort of -- I mean particularly last year really continuing to distinguish FX and have it be a brand that's sort of represent something unique while widening its audience, get into things like Two and a Half Men and adding some of the movie inventory, that broadens it without losing its distinction. And I do think it's a channel that really resonates as being a unique franchise with a lot of viewers out there.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then for Dave, you talked a bit what did FX do internationally for advertising for close yields cable networks for the quarter?
David F. DeVoe: The effect on the currency?
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes.
David F. DeVoe: It's relatively minimal, it's 2% to 3%.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, so both advertising...
David F. DeVoe: Overall, yes.
Operator: And next, we'll go to line of Alan Gould with Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Chase, when you describe the business, you often talked about $1 billion buckets, and one of those buckets is the RSNs. Can you just give us some -- and that's kind of contentious with what's happening, say what happened with the Lakers and what's happening with the Dodgers and sports cost in general. Can you just address what's happening, with sports cost in the RSNs?
Chase Carey: First, we're outside L.A., most of our countries is pretty long term. We do have a situation that is long going in L.A. contrary to the questions I got today, we're not buying the Dodgers. But clearly in L.A. there's a dynamic we're dealing with. It's not new, we've dealt with these dynamics before. We navigated in Dallas and restructured the deal. I'd say sports probably becoming more complicated and I think that's just a reality in the market place. In some ways in a market with more and more choices of fragmentation, sports rights probably become more and more unique. It's a little bit of a double-edged sword, I guess I talked about before. They're great properties of unique value, but probably increasingly complicated to deal with the rights and cross around. I think we've proven the ability to navigate those pretty well. Again outside Southern California we got pretty long term agreements in place. I think we feel we'll be able to navigate Southern California reasonably well. And again, I guess I point to our track record of saying we have a track record of navigating these issues and knowing how to deal with it.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And you're still confident there's a path to that being $1 billion EBITDA business?
Chase Carey: For sure. I mean its big business now, and we said really, barring that one region, we've got multiyear agreements in place in almost all the places I think.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: For Chase, and I guess one for Dave also. I think you said on the last call that the fiscal first quarter would be the slowest for the cable networks. Is that right? And can you talk about the timing of when the DirecTV deal kicks in and what the impact of an NBA strike will be for the RSNs?
Chase Carey: Actually I don't remember the comment on the first quarter, so I don't -- I can't even, sort of...
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I think maybe you said there will be a steady set of ramp as the year goes on.
Chase Carey: Well, we have agreements that come off, obviously DirecTV is one of them, and it’s a new agreement. The new DirecTV agreement was not in place in the first quarter, it will be in place, not everything's at the same time. So they come up ever times but the DirecTV going to affect after the first quarter but being in this fiscal year. And again I think also said we have, particularly in news of retrans ongoing. We have agreements that are coming up where we have targets we're looking to achieve. So those things will occur as we go through the year.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the NBA strike?
Chase Carey: NBA strike. We hope it settles. We'd like it to settle. It is not a significant financial event for us. We'd rather have the games in place, but there are certain off set it against it if we don't. So we off sets in rights fees but we have that off set to the degree we have impact in terms of advertising and subscription. So it's not, it would not be an event that would materially affect our financials for the year though we'd like to see them settle it, and we'd like other games to play.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And Dave, I mean your buyback, you're probably going to get this question from now on forever, is the buyback has been real way faster than I think most of us thought so far. So could just give us your current thinking on once you went through this which at this pace will be January or February. And given the incredible cash position, how should we think about ongoing capital returns?
David F. DeVoe: We've been aggressive with it. It's going to basically -- we're going to continue to buy back the stock base on the conditions over the markets, means pricing a lot of different things. And I just think we first got to get through the $5 billion buyback, and then we will address it when it's through. I think Chase is pretty elaborate with respect to our explanation for our use of capital in December or excuse me -- in August rather. And we intend to continue to work towards those financial goals.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify, the $91 million restructuring in the newspaper segment OI [ph] did?
David F. DeVoe: The $91 million is below the line, yes.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Below segment operating income?
David F. DeVoe: Yes, it is.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then may be on the ad market, you guys talked about scatter pricing in the bit nationally, local a bit weaker. What are you guys think is happening there? I mean a lot of us had thinking that so much money movement into the upfront that just less scatter volume kind of some downward pressure on pricing. Is that how you guys see the world at this point and I know I should have noticed for sure, but what's your best guess on what happen as they move into Q1, a real calendar Q1 on the scatter pricing and more so the underlying trend is in national Television advertising?
Chase Carey: I'm really not giving I mean if there's one thing that's true is it's really -- it's a tough market with bad visibility. And clearly, you got a market that used to be pretty strong, but continues to be a market where people have pretty short leashes. So I think it is true, the fair amount of money that went into the upfront certainly for us, we did. We were aggressive in the upfront and made up a conscious decision to be aggressive about pursuing volume in the upfront and felt it put us in a good place for the year. The market really doesn't have that type of visibility, it changed it pretty fast. I mean scatters continue to be pretty good. I mean when I say it got softer, it got softer last 7 or 10 days. So these are not long term trends. the trends that like stations. They were a little eager in September, July, and August, then got better in September and October, and then get a little weaker the last few days again last week or 2 again. So as the market as inflows but realistically as a -- pretty -- continues to have a pretty good underpinning to it. Now it helps, I think, if you got unique stuff to sell and the network is doing well, the FOX News well, if got the belong unique stuff, so I think we are pretty good place to be selling that product that people want to buy.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. Hulu, Chase, I'm just curious, if the usage of your content, I think, Hulu platform has changed at all since you moved to a full ad load? And then just curious if you're seeing acquisition opportunities, that management believes could prove interesting, knowing you're not going to give any names, but I think there's a general view that management's hunkering down given the U.K. situation, focusing internally on execution I just want to make sure that we understand management's mind set relative to deployment of capital?
Chase Carey: The first question on Hulu, I'm probably not going to make a lot of -- I mean, pretty early, we only did this in the last sort of it really did become relevant to moving it while we move the window in August, it wasn't until you got, we feel very good about it, it's working for us. So I think that's clear. I think we feel that the decision to put the inventory in is the right one. We think consumers accept that it's part of getting a broader experience. But I think for us we think clearly it was the right decision to win the product the way we have and it is actually been a positive for us in terms of creating value. The second question in terms of...
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The second question is the BSkyB deal had to be set aside or was set aside and then a large buyback was announced that you have moved quickly on, and I think there’s a view by investors that you guys are very focused internally right now. And I just wanted to make sure that the market has management's mindset correct. Could you see a series of acquisitions starting to develop or should we think that you're continue to focus internally on buybacks?
Chase Carey: I think as I said strategic we feel we're pretty complete. And I think our focus first and foremost is really build the value of the businesses we got. But in particular some places we can have things that fit within that but there targeted as I said, sort of in the tens and hundreds. But I think it's correct to say our focus is clearly operationally and to a degree there are other things fit within our operations and added dimension that we can create real value out of. But I think we'd be opportunistic. But first and foremost, we are really driving our businesses to what we think is at a potential to take them up to another level over the next couple of years.
Operator: And next, we'll go to line of Richard Greenfield with BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Could you just with -- cable networks now becoming such a large portion of the operating cash flow, could you detail roughly the relative size of affiliate versus advertising when you look across your entire global footprint for your cable network division? And then I think you grew 9% domestically, this is going to touch on earlier questions, but how do you think about now the visibility towards high single low double-digit type growth rates for affiliate fees domestically given the type of contracts you just cut with DTV. Then just maybe a split to relate to that, Jeff earlier today kind of touched on the beginning and that the channel household as a reason for some of the pressure on affiliate fees, I'm just curious whether you're seeing the same thing, or how that affects the first question I asked?
Chase Carey: I mean it obviously varies by channel. So it's tough to generalize. You get something like sports, there's always going to probably -- the one end of affiliate -- it is clear, significantly more than half of it is affiliate, with significantly less I'm not sure we'll get it to real precise, but clearly the affiliate side is significantly more than half, there's a real range when you go across the channels. I think we feel pretty good about -- as we look out next few years about sort of maintaining the momentum we've had on the affiliate side. I mean to some degree, and again these are not new topics for us, they're unique to us. I think our channels are newer. You got channels like FX that are a long line talking about strength of FX but are still a long way from the TNTs, and USAs, and Nat Geos, that are a long way from Discoverys. And FOX News is obviously become -- we've gotten a lot further, but in some ways still a long way from what I think it represents its importance in the marketplace...
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And so when you look at things like TNT...
Chase Carey: A lot of the deals are coming up, so I do think when you look at the value, the fact that our channels are newer, that there are places for us to go in terms of the agreement, the overall aggregate, cost of the business is something we have to be constructive about in effect. I meant it when I talked about DirecTV, we're looking to reach deals that fairly value our business and get the DirecTV deal, achieve the targets we want to achieve. But we want -- these are partnerships and we want distributors to be successful as well as us. I think the bundle has allies a great package of great value to consumers, and that I think it's highly valued by them, you do have a market that's mature and therefore you see it in the subscriber numbers. I'm not saying you don't have that market that's clearly maturing, and I do think some of the economic issues are creating some pressure at the edges. And I think we all have to deal with that. I think that's a valid issue that we have to deal with. But we feel pretty good about our business as where they're going, certainly international is a very different story because international, you're a lot places your earlier stage is the growth. The growth is still clearly in front of you, and I talked about the present subscribers just in the last year and there's a lot left to come, and their probably our businesses -- while we're a leader in the marketplace even much earlier stage in terms of the ability to take share and grow into those marketplaces, including in developed markets.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And can you just give us a sense when you look at the USAs, the TNTs of the world versus an FX, how wide is that gap in your mind still today as you look to reset contracts with DirecTV and others?
Chase Carey: I think we feel we should be -- I think FX, except for 3 rated 18 to 49 network. We're widening out in the content with some of things we put on it so I think right now as FX goes up, it should be competitively valued.
Operator: We'll go to the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, I was wondering if you can comment on what you're seeing and want in cancellations on the network side? The second is, can you talk about the timing of the revenue recognition for the Amazon content deal that was signed recently? And then last, if you look at the recent direct deal, at least in general terms, were you -- I guess renegotiated the FOX News channels affiliate fees a little early, can you talk about some order of magnitude we might be expecting in terms of step ups as that affiliate base begins to rollover over the next couple of years?
Chase Carey: Amazon, we recognized the Amazon deal we announced in the December quarter. Netflix, we recognized that in the first quarter. We got actually couple of things we've done and that will come in the second quarter.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Amazon is in the current quarter?
David F. DeVoe: No. That's what is in the first quarter, there's more to come in Netflix, and there's an Amazon deal will be all in December quarter.
Chase Carey: With DirecTV, I'm not to get into the specifics, as I said. I think we feel FOX News is a unique channel obviously retransmission we've talked about. I think we achieved the targets that we look to achieve, but again I think we hopefully did it in a way that is constructive for both us and DirecTV, but I'm not going to -- clearly there. As we said, things we've been looking to achieve in retransmission and we continue to stay on track. And I think as FOX News comes up, we think there is an opportunity for us.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And what is your cancellations options?
Chase Carey: Marketplace, but I'm not going into percentages or numbers.
Reed Nolte: While we have some time for several additional analyst questions, I would like to remind members of the press to just start queuing up.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Spencer Wang with Crédit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. Chase, I was wondering, given your global footprint, if you could talk to what you're seeing in terms of advertising trends in Western Europe given some of the uncertainty going on there? And then secondarily, X Factor ratings seem like that they've been pretty good, but maybe under-delivering versus some of the audience guarantees. Is that financially problematic at this point, or is it in line with your expectations?
Chase Carey: Advertising in Western Europe is okay. I think probably in some of the places you'd expect there's an impact in Southern Europe, Spain, I think there are some countries where it's weaker, there are some countries where it's bad. So it's a bit of a mixed bag, but I'd say overall it's okay. And X Factor, we got a #1 show, we make real money off of, which is why we just picked it up for a second year. And we don't have any make good issue on today with the whole network. It is a show that probably always talk when it comes out, probably came out a bit lower when the targeted pretending. We have real hopes that we move into an early one live episode on and a real opportunity for that show to build momentum but right now, it's plays every night. With 2 nights a week, we're at solid wins. We feel pretty good when you got a show that can do that.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Tuna Amobi with Standard & Poor's.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: So Chase I was wondering if you can update us on the home video market and how your titles are performing relative to the industry, and any special programs that you're running for the holiday?
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean I think the Home Entertainment market, it is not a dramatic shift. I think it continues to follow the track, we hope it would, which is the -- Obvioulsy Rio was a title that really exceeded our targets for it. We have titles as we go into the holidays. But our hope has been that Blu-ray would continue to grow, that Digital would continue to grow, and I think we are seeing after a period where that Home Entertainment factor had been dropping where you've got -- seem to have a stabilizing of that business and hopefully as we go out a little further, which would probably be really on the digital side, that opportunity in the next couple of years to have some growth in. But it's too early to really say it's stabilized, but it did better than it was. And if you look at Q3, Q1 for us, it was up a touch. [indiscernible] Then they make a grand long-term [indiscernible] for one quarter, but I think it feels like a business where incrementally some of the things like Blu-ray and digital are getting traction, starting to offset some of the declines in the historical areas.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: And with regard to Redbox, I know that you've been somewhat dismissive in the past, and I'm wondering how your views have evolved in the past couple of months given developments there, including the price increase, which they've just announced. Do you feel that at some point that you might be a little bit more receptive to kind of a factoring those kind of channels into your overall window and strategy?
Chase Carey: Again, I think we are continuing to sort of try to develop windows that properly value our strategy. There's $1 or $1.20 it's tough to get excited about that, that is something that property values our product. I think the 28-day window helped, we'll continue to evaluate what it is, but we need to make sure our product is fairly valued, and we are windowing it in a way that enables us to capture the real value in our products.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Adam Alexander with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs & Partners Australia Pty Ltd, Research Division: I'm sort of focused on SKY Italia, that business seems to have gathered a fair bit of momentum through the weak economic environment. Could you give us an update on where you think that business is hitting maybe over the next 2 or 3 years?
Chase Carey: Look we feel great about the long-term future of that business. I think our focus continues to be what it has been, which I'd say at this point is focusing on growth and particularly subscriber growth. I think we're competitively in the business as we have been for a while but before it got sort of digesting some of the things that came out as regulatory-wise and otherwise couple of years ago. And I think we've got real momentum to that business. And I think the real opportunity to really focus on again growing the subscriber side, growing the top line and behind that over the next couple of years into profitability growth will follow, but it doesn't mean we're not probably the bottom line too and obviously this quarter is indicative of that. I think the short-term priority is continuing, which I think we've really put momentum back in the business, continue to maintain momentum in the business, but have that profitability start to incrementally fall through as we go through the next few years.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Vasily Karasyov with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I wanted to follow-up on your comments on local advertising. I think in the last recession it was Rupert who said that he saw a downturn coming in the winter of '08 based on softness in local advertising. So I was wondering in light of that, do you see any worrisome signs, or if we were to look for some what would they be, when the softness in local advertising would still enter broadcast and cable?
Chase Carey: Yes, again, you don't have a lot of long-term visibility so I think it has been a little bit up and down when you take out politicals, local would actually be about flat without politicals, so it's not -- you'd like to see it better but it's not like it's got a decline, more serious decline in it. I think it's tough to really have a long term picture. I mean, I talked about again already in the 4, 5 months we've had this year we sort of started a little bit weaker, got stronger then it's gotten a little bit softer. So I think it seems to bounce around and I think there are some obvious things that helps the segments like the auto segment, I think the auto numbers just came out pretty good. So there are, I think that which seem to reinforce what has been a reasonable, particularly after the earthquake in Japan, a reasonable strength in the marketplace. So I think it helped other than looking at the macroeconomic issues, which I think when you say why is the visibility limited, what is it that creates probably an issue that people look at is sort of macroeconomic issues some of these sovereign debt or deficits, the real estate markets and I think companies are reasonably healthy and the consumer spending is not what you'd like it to be, but it continues to model along. So I think we'll be careful. We'll continue to monitor it, but I don't think I can make any grand statements about it. One question I guess I didn't answer before on the question on the cancellations. Right now, our cancellations to the upfront are essentially in line with our historical practices, so there's nothing. And again, we sold pretty heavily into the upfront marketplace. So cancellation position is pretty much the same to what we've had in the past.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to squeeze one follow-up in. So are you saying that in terms of the current quarter, the change in the pace of the ad growth at the local stations has been a little bit greater than the kind of the softening you've seen in the scatter market? I'm just trying to get a sense as to whether you seeing any differential in terms of the level of softening at the local versus the national level.
Chase Carey: I think the national market is stronger than the local level. I think the national markets clearly been really all throughout this year, the national markets is stronger than the local.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes, I was just looking for the inflection.
Chase Carey: Nationals been stronger.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: So the national hasn't changed as much as the local in the current quarter?
Chase Carey: You got a solid national market out there, scatter premiums are not like what they were. I mean double digits in the first quarter, not quite there. You still have premium but you still got a solid national market, a bit softer, but still very solid national market. I say it got a bit softer local market. Again flatfish without politicals, but the national markets been stronger than the local market.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the international side, if you could make some comment as to where you are in your international cable network margins? And what your progress is towards hitting the $1 billion bucket in operating income there. Do you think you could actually be tracking to get there before 2015,which is I think what you've indicated at some point.
Chase Carey: We are comfortably on targets. I'm not going to change anything, I'm not going to change any expectations. I'd say we're comfortably on target, with our plans for that. There's many channels [indiscernible] it's tough to make generalizations. So clearly when you got a business that is growing top line, we do expect there are opportunities top and bottom line in terms of margins.
Reed Nolte: Thank you. Marla, now we'd like to go to the press questions, if we can.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question, we'll go to the line of Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson with Financial Times.
Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson: Chase, have you taken all of the cost of The News World closure in this quarter? And can you update us on what you set aside to cover legal exposure to phone hacking cases.
Chase Carey: I'll let Dave. I think we preserved...
David F. DeVoe: Just to be clear, with respect to what's in the quarter to the extent that we have any legal case or losses that have been started against us, we have full reserve for those costs are included in the quarter or were included in the liability at the end of June. With respect to the charging, we put a large restructuring charge through in the first quarter, and that reflects the reduction of principally of severance payments to employees in the U.K.
Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson: Can you just clarify what you set aside on the legal front?
David F. DeVoe: Nothing
Operator: We'll go to the line of Dawn Chmielewski with Los Angeles Times.
Dawn Chmielewski: Gentlemen, with the ongoing investigation phone hacking by Parliament and the Metropolitan police in the U.K., is News Corp. contemplating any management changes, particularly as they relate to James Murdoch?
Chase Carey: We have great confidence in James. James has done a good job, and we are not contemplating any changes.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Claire Atkinson with the New York Post.
Claire Atkinson - Lead Business: I wondered if I can ask about the progress of TV Everywhere. We heard from David Zaslav yesterday at Discovery about how there might be some negotiations happening outside of traditional carriage renewal deals, I wondered if that's going on? And also, how much extra you can expect to receive from cable operators or [indiscernible] operators in terms of incremental revenue for those streaming rights?
Chase Carey: I think largely -- I think we actually are getting some more, what I call it authentication, it's usually late last quarter’s [indiscernible] sort of what you're saying, I think it's got momentum that it did, probably still not as much as it should. Though, as I said earlier we've gotten a series of authenticated deals done with Direct, DISH, Verizon, Mediacom. And those are all reasonably recent. So I do think you've got some more traction than you've had. I mean most of these are sort of all part of one negotiation. That doesn't mean you can't deal with these outside a channel renewal. I don't think everything can wait for a channel renewal, but today, I'd say, they probably more bit of an occurring channel as channel renewals occur, but we are certainly engaged within the right distributors where those discussions are not based on channel renewals. So I think you've got a better momentum, probably not enough momentum to authentication than you've had in the past.
Claire Atkinson - Lead Business: And on the incremental revenue front, is there a way to sort of breakout how much extra the cable operators are willing to pay for those streaming lines?
Chase Carey: Again, I think if you look at the point, it's mort part of the base agreement you have for the channel. I think the incremental comes out -- in some areas they are coming out on the advertising side as they talked about the viewership of Terra Nova as an example, the number of viewers you're getting, we got ad loads in it. So there's a incremental value of capturing those views on a VOD basis, through keeping up ad rates and capturing the ad dollars work from a subscription basis we really look at it more as part of the overall core agreement.
Claire Atkinson - Lead Business: Are you concerned in any way about the fall off in cable videos subs at the moment?
Chase Carey: I don't think it's surprising. I mean I think you've got a business that in effect is pretty mature in terms of households that have it and some economic winds that are clearly a reality today when you look at the foreclosures and other unemployment, those factors are a reality. I think the ones that I think it's fair to say we have to address those pressures on that segment of the marketplace. But I don't think it's surprising what you're seeing, I mean longer-term, I already asked a question whether is the 24-year-old that doesn't subscribe to cable grows up, what happens in years to come, but I think those are sort of not in the next 2 to 3 years, they're sort of in a longer term time context, but I think the value of the cable packages continue to be pretty compelling.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Yinka Adegoke with Reuters.
Yinka Adegoke: I was wondering, after the Annual General Meeting with several directors received a fairly low votes, not a family related votes in being reelected. Is News Corp. considering other change in the structure, the Board or looking at new directors of joining the Board?
Chase Carey: We take those votes seriously. And the Board will, and is discussing those votes. We continue to -- on an ongoing basis about the Board, and we just announced a new board member last month, we announced a new board member. So the Board continues to evolve. We certainly take those votes seriously, and we're proactively looking from our shareholders. And we want to have that engagement. That being said, I think we're proud of the Board. I think the Board has provided unique leadership and value to the business. But it is something we'll discuss with the Board.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Paul Bond with The Hollywood Report (sic) [Reporter].
Paul Bond: Back in April, when you announced that [indiscernible] would leave. You said that she and you guys were going to make some documentaries here in FOX News, I guess from FOX News. Whatever became of that?
Chase Carey: You're going to have to ask Roger [indiscernible], I don't know.
Reed Nolte: At this time, I think we've run out of time. Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. If you have any further questions, please call us here in New York. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 6:30 p.m. Eastern Time today through November 16, 2011, at midnight. You may access the AT&T playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701, and entering the access code 220402. International participants please dial 1 (320) 365-3844.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-08-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Executive Director, Senior Executive Vice President of News America, Director of BSkyB, Director of NDS, Director of News America and Director of STAR Chase Carey - Deputy Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer Reed Nolte -  Keith Murdoch - Chief Executive officer and Director
Analysts: Edmund Lee Jolanta Masojada - Crédit Suisse AG Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Georg Szalai Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Jon Lafayette  Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc David Gelles Yinka Adegoke Alan Gould - Evercore Partners Inc. David Folkenflik  Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the News Corp.'s Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. Okay, at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, News Corp. Please go ahead.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2011 earnings conference call. On the call today are Rupert Murdoch, Chief Executive; Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. First, we'll give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter and full year, and then we'll be happy to take your questions, first from the financial community and then from the press. We urge you to please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many folks as possible.  This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp.'s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp.'s Form 10-K for the 12 months ended June 30, 2011, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-K filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as adjusted segment operating income, are expressed as a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of adjusted segment operating income is included in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rupert.
Keith Murdoch: Thank you, Reed and good afternoon, everyone. As David and Chase will go over shortly, our company's operating and financial performance this quarter was exceptional and our full year results are very solid overall. We are continuing to generate strong cash flow. We have the most robust balance sheet in our history, and just as important, we have effective strategies to further expand our content into even more markets and onto more platforms. I'm very proud of our management team and our people around the world in all our businesses. Their contributions are the reason for our strong performance. Of course, while it has been a good quarter from a financial point of view, our company has had challenges in recent weeks stemming from issues relating to the News of the World. I'll be very clear about where I stand. I've run this company for more than 50 years. The kind of behavior that occurred in that newsroom had no place at News Corporation. It does not reflect the actions and beliefs of our more than 50,000 professional employees. The board and I believe I should continue in my current role as Chairman and CEO. But make no mistake, Chase Carey and I run this company as a team and the strength of that partnership is reflected in our improved results.  I'm personally determined to put things right when it comes to the News of the World. Likewise, our Board of Directors and senior management are acting decisively to get to the bottom of what happened. As has been widely reported, Joe Klein is leading our efforts on this issue, reporting directly to Viet Dinh, on behalf of the independent directors. The Board and the company have retained independent outside counsel. In addition, our nominating corporate governance committee has engaged [indiscernible] to advise on our corporate governance practices. We are all committed to doing the right thing. We have taken decisive actions to hold people accountable and we will continue to do whatever is necessary to prevent something like this from ever occurring again. There can be no doubt about our commitment to ethics and integrity.  As we work through this matter, it's important to note there's been no material impact on our operations outside of the closure of the News of the World. Our broad, diverse global business is extremely robust today, performing well across the markets where we compete. As Dave and Chase will discuss, we continue to produce content that is loved increasingly by viewers, readers, audiences and fans throughout the world. In short, the drivers of our business are intact and our position is strong and our future is promising.  One other outcome of recent events was our decision not to pursue our offer for the remaining BSkyB shares we do not already own. I'm disappointed about that, but it's clear this was no longer feasible under the circumstances. The BSkyB has remained an important element for us and we are very excited of those opportunities for continued growth. We are using this turn of events as an opportunity to carefully reassess our capital allocation priorities. Our first step is the $5 billion share repurchase program we announced last month. I want to give you all my personal assurance that we'll be active in that program aggressively. We are also reexamining our near and long-term priorities. Be assured that in addition to pursuing compelling opportunities that further investment in our businesses, we are always rigorously assessing a broad range of avenues to deploy capital to drive value to our shareholders. Our fundamental goals is at News Corp. are to produce sustained, meaningful value for shareholders, to provide outstanding content and service for customers and consumers, and to do it all with integrity. All these goals are interrelated and all are critically important, and we will deliver on them. Thank you, all. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
David DeVoe: Rupert, thank you and good afternoon, everybody. As Rupert just mentioned and as you have seen in today's earnings release, News Corporation closed out fiscal 2011 with very solid financial results.  Let's take a look at the highlights on some of our full year results. Adjusted total segment operating income was $4.98 billion as compared to $4.46 billion reported a year ago. This 12% growth is right in line with the expectations we provided you a year ago and reconfirmed on our last earnings call 3 months ago. This growth was driven by more than 20% operating profit growth at our cable networks and a tripling of contributions from our Television segment. This growth is partially offset by lower results at film, owing to the success of Avatar and Ice Age in fiscal 2010, and increased losses from MySpace. Net income this year was $2.7 billion or $1.04 a share, which included a $0.10 per share loss from the sale of MySpace, resulting in earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.14, this result also includes a $125 million pretax or $0.03 per share charge net of tax at the company's Integrated Marketing Services businesses related to a settlement of litigation.  Now let's look at the quarter. For the quarter, segment operating income of $1.35 billion was up 45% over last year's fourth quarter, reflecting either double-digit or triple-digit percentage increases at every business segment. Income from continuing operations was $0.35 per share. Let's just take a look at some of the businesses that drove that growth. Let's start with cable to cable networks. Double-digit growth in our cable networks segments continued with fourth quarter revenues up 15% and operating income contributions up 12%. Overall, affiliate fee increased 11%, driven by strong growth at our international channels and overall advertising revenues were up 22%, reflecting strength across all of our major channels, led by FX and Star. Offsetting a portion of these revenue gains were onetime costs of over $50 million, primarily resulting from shutting down 2 underperforming European channels, and program write down of FX related to canceled shows.  Our cable networks, which delivered $2.8 billion of operating income for the year, now represents over 55% of the company's total adjusted segment operating income. We expect this business to continue to lead our overall growth for the foreseeable future.  The Filmed Entertainment segment reported fourth quarter segment operating income of $210 million, up 53% from the $137 million reported a year ago. Higher film studio contributions were driven by the very successful worldwide theatrical results in Rio, that generated over $475 million in worldwide box office receipts, as well as worldwide home entertainment contributions from Narnia: Voyage of the Dawn Trader -- Dawn Treader, rather, and Black Swan. Higher 20th Century Fox television contributions reflect higher digital distribution revenues and revenues from Glee, including concerts, tours, music and digital revenues.  At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter more than doubled from the fourth quarter a year ago. This growth was driven by 7% revenue increases, including increased retransmission revenues and lower program expenses at the stations and also the broadcast network. Financial ad market continues to be buoyant and we are quite pleased with the low double-digit CPM increases we obtained in this year's upfront for the upcoming broadcast season. The quarter's results reflects reduced spending by foreign auto manufacturers as a result of the Japanese supply chain disruption as a result of the earthquake in Japan and lower political spending.  Excluding political and local station, ad market spending in the quarter was essentially in line with a year ago. At SKY Italia, segment operating income increased 50% to $145 million from last year's reported $97 million. On a local currency basis, operating income improved 32%. This improvement is largely the result of lower program expenses from the absence of FIFA World Cup costs that were included in the year ago results. Operationally, this business has demonstrated significant progress over the last 12 months and we're quite proud of the management there. As you may recall, about a year ago, SKY Italia's consumer offer was reorganized, more than doubling the number of program and packages and lowering the price point for the soccer package. Additionally, SKY has continued its efforts to increase penetration of additional subscribers services such as HD and DVR, seeing a nearly 30% increase in the number of residential subscribers taking at least one of those services. As anticipated, these changes impacted our short-term financial results, reducing ARPU slightly to EUR 43 and increasing SAC [ph] by approximately EUR 30 on average for fiscal 2011. Four of these initiatives resulted in a more than 25% increase in gross subscriber additions in the last year and reduced churn to 10% for the year, a significant improvement from last year's 13% level. The net result was an increase of 57,000 subscribers in the fourth quarter and 230,000 net new subscribers for the year. SKY Italia now is just under 5 million subscribers at 4.97 million. We -- clearly we reenergized our business in what I would characterize as a continued difficult economic climate, and we look forward to continued improvement in financial performance for fiscal 2012.  In our Publishing segment, fourth quarter segment operating income increased by 38% to $270 million. This improvement reflects higher advertising and circulation revenues at the Wall Street Journal, reduced cost at our Marketing Service division, the contribution from the 53rd week, as well as the strengthening of both the Australian dollars and the pound sterling against the U.S. dollar.  In our Other segment, we reported a fourth quarter segment operating loss of $437 million. It's a $37 million improvement from a year ago, reflecting reduced losses at Digital Media Group, particularly at MySpace. And as you all know, we sold MySpace at the end of June, so we will not be reporting those losses going forward. For the year, MySpace operating loss has totaled nearly $230 million.  Before I turn to our guidance for fiscal 2012, I'd also like to make a few comments related to our cash flow and for balance sheet strength. For fiscal 2011, a company generated a record from operations less CapEx of $3.3 billion, which exceeds last year's previous record of nearly -- just under $3 billion. At year end, we had $15.5 billion in gross debt and $12.7 billion in cash, which brings our net debt to $2.8 billion. This capital structure largely reflects the fact that we accumulated cash for the potential acquisition of BSkyB. With that deal now off the table, in mid-July, our board approved a stock repurchase program totaling $5 billion which Rupert just mentioned. We intend to execute this plan aggressively over our -- once our blackout period ends next month -- next week, and are targeting to complete this program over the next 12 months. Also consistent with these objectives, today we announced that our annual dividend rate will increase 13% to $0.17 per share from the current $0.15 and Chase will comment further on our capital allocation plan in a moment.  Now, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2012. As we measure our guidance, we're starting with the fiscal 2011 total segment operating income of $4.85 billion, which we just reported and exclude from this the $125 million litigation charge, resulting in the face for 2011 of $4.975 billion for comparative purposes. And as we look at fiscal 2012, we expect many of our businesses will generate strong year-over-year earnings growth. These include continued robust growth at our cable networks, led by the further expansion of our international channels, as well as sustained advertising and affiliate increases, led by Fox News, RSN, FX and Star. Higher Television segment earnings, which will benefit from continued growth and retransmission consent revenue. Growth in SKY Italia from among many factors but from the -- principally the 230,000 additional subscribers that we added over last year at Star -- at SKY rather, excuse me, at SKY Italia. Additionally, while we will benefit from the absence of nearly $230 million in operating losses from MySpace in fiscal 2012 this will be substantially offset by reduced contributions from our publishing segment, largely due to the elimination of the operating contributions from the News of the World, and lower results in Australia due to the current soft trading conditions there. We are also assuming current economic conditions continue. We are not forecasting a significant upturn or downturn. Taking these items into account and based on all the assumptions inherent in our projections, we anticipate our total segment operating income growth rate for fiscal 2012 to be in the low to mid-teens range, above the $4.975 billion fiscal 2011 segment operating income base level. And with that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Chase.
Chase Carey: Thanks. David has given you our guidance for fiscal 2012, so in the next few minutes, I'd like to focus on 2 things. First, our operating priorities for the next couple of years and second, our plans and strategy regarding managing our balance sheet and capital allocation. Regarding operating priorities, I would identify 5 key objectives. First, to drive our channels business to its full potential. We're not even close. Both Fox and Fox News will take subscription fees to a whole new level in the next 1.5 years. FX is setting ratings records quarter after quarter and we have new leadership to build the untapped potential of National Geographic. The growth story at newer channels, like Fox Soccer and Nat Geo Wild is even more dynamic. And that being said, our most exciting channels growth story is outside the U.S., where we see a potential to use our leadership position to more than double the profits from emerging markets in Latin America, India and Southeast Asia over the coming years.  Second, we want to continue to build on our content leadership. The explosion of digital distribution is going to make content, particularly hit content, more valuable than ever. We want to own the broadest rights possible to make sure we can exploit that content across the widest set of geographies and emerging platforms. Our content businesses have great momentum today. On the film side, theatrical release of Rise of the Planet of the Apes and the DVD release of Rio earlier this month are both performing well beyond our expectations. On the TV side, 20th Century Fox TV had 4 of the top 11 scripted series in adults 18 to 49 in the May sweeps.  Our third priority is to build our platforms into ever stronger market leaders. We continue to view growth as our short-term priority. That growth will be driven by great content, technology and service, and we're confident we have the expertise to execute.  Fourth, we need to intelligently take advantage of expanding digital platforms that continue to reshape our business. We believe authentication is a core strategy in this regard, both to maximize and protect the value of our content. Recently, this has led us to put an 8-day delay on pre-unauthenticated access to our network content and it has been a cornerstone for new digital extensions to our franchises like Big Ten to go. Between now and the end of 2011, you will see us launch many more exciting digital extensions to our brands and franchises, both here and abroad. We also make sure we are vigilant about attacking practices that undervalue our products, like $1 rentals and building new platforms that fairly value our content. We'll do business with new emerging digital platforms like Netflix, where we establish clear rules about what is library product, we're also engaged with other competing digital companies. However, our priority is to make sure we're thoughtful and do not allow a quick buck to jeopardize the longer-term value of our product.  Fifth and finally, we need to work to restructure the revenues and cost of our publishing businesses. We've launched digital versions of many franchises and we'll take steps to enhance our traditional revenue streams. We equally need to address our cost structures and strategy in light of our changing world. Our expected results for this year are clearly problematic and we'll address them.  With regard to capital structure and allocation, we fully recognize that our $5 billion buyback only begins to address these issues. On capital structure, we believe we should work toward a balance sheet with 2x to 2.5x leverage and about $2 billion to $3 billion of available cash for flexibility. We obviously will not get there in 12 months, but we're targeted to do so in 2 to 3 years.  Regarding capital allocation, we expect there will be opportunities for us to make value enhancing investments or key acquisitions in our targeted areas of growth. We are a growth company and believe there are some exciting opportunities for us to add real value to our core businesses.  That being said, we will be disciplined, both about the arenas where we invest and the returns expected from these investments. Our priority targets are developing markets, synergistic channels and unique content. These investments should generate mid-teen returns on capital at a minimum. Furthermore, we strongly prefer to build rather than buy businesses, so we'll focus on modest investments, those in the tens or hundreds of millions, not billions. With this disciplined approach to investments, plus the growing cash flow from our annual operations, we recognize that we will have substantial remaining cash flow in our balance sheet. We plan to use this cash to continue to pursue additional buybacks beyond the $5 billion, one recently announced, if our stock continues to be undervalued. And today, it is woefully undervalued. I want to be clear that these are strategies and plans by which we will manage our business. However, these guidelines do not preclude our decision to consider unexpected opportunities or to modify our views based on changes in the broader market or competitive dynamic. We're excited about our future. We have a great management team and businesses with great growth potential. We're determined to run our businesses with a discipline and focus that enables us to drive real value for our shareholders. Thank you and now, Dave, Rupert and I would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: A question for Chase. You mentioned a desire to reprice Fox News and the Fox Network licenses, and I noted that 4Q domestic affiliate growth was 7%, so the question is as those repricings kick in, should we expect affiliate fee revenue growth in the U.S. to reaccelerate back to double digits? And I guess as part of that, do you see any hurdles for growth with less Pay TV, sub growth in the U.S. than we've enjoyed historically?
Chase Carey: I'm sorry. What was the last piece of that question?
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: With Pay TV sub growth in the U.S. being more muted this year and perhaps, in the short term, than we've enjoyed historically, with the lack of sub growth in the U.S., are you worried about your ability to grow affiliate fee revenues?
Chase Carey: First on the affiliate fee growth, I mean as we look out over the next year, essentially we're looking at in the U.S., an pretty much affiliate fee growth in line with what we experienced this year. So we do think there's continued momentum to that. I think we've said before, we obviously had some -- a number of negotiations ahead of us as we go through the year. But we do expect to continue to maintain the type of growth in the coming year that we had last year. And probably higher growth when we have higher growth internationally and probably again, growth maybe just because the growth rate is so much higher internationally, probably down a touch. But significantly higher growth internationally and continued significantly higher growth internationally. I think in terms of the business, we feel very good about the business. I mean obviously at some level, it's matured in terms of homes and you've got economic issues in terms of household formation and some of the economic issues that are putting pressure on it. But I think the value of this, the value of this bundle and the demand for this bundle out there in United States, I think, continues really to be strong, in many ways, strong as it's ever been. I think, yes, you do have a maturing market that affects to some degree, how many houses, how many homes will be added to the pot. But it's a business we feel great about. And internationally, clearly, different story. So I assume you're talking domestic, because as we see internationally, you do a tremendous growth left ahead of you. I mean in many countries that are still really in the early stages of growth, even including developed markets, not just developing markets. So certainly in the international marketplace, you got enormous growth ahead of you in terms of just household, households coming into the pay TV market. But I think you've got really solid business here.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a follow-up, I think you implied this, and Dave as well, in your commentary but the flat margins in cable networks in the fiscal fourth quarter is an anomaly moving back to normal margin expansion in fiscal '12 and forward?
Chase Carey: Yes, we had some onetime events in the fourth quarter. Let me be clear, we feel very good about these businesses. I really do feel we've got a bunch of businesses there that have not reached their potential. And you take a channel like FX that is really -- it happens. It set rating records this year and it's just getting stronger. FOX News -- it used to be a -- gearing up we've got a lot of -- probably, I think in the next year plus, half the universe of FOX News coming up again. We're still going through retransmission.
Keith Murdoch: Just to interrupt you for a second, and our ratings are still improving just about wherever you look.
Chase Carey: So the [indiscernible] strength of that business, we feel very good about, we think we can do a lot of things. So it was the onetime event in the quarter.
Keith Murdoch: Our margins were about 35 -- mid-30s rather. We would expect to see them to continue to grow a bit.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen, Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Your advertising in the quarter was unusually strong. I mean like almost double everybody else's. I'm just wondering was there anything unusual? Can you give us color on your assumptions or how you're thinking about the year ahead, given kind of the disruption we've had in the last few weeks in the economy?
Chase Carey: I mean I think our advertising certainly, I think reflects the strength of, in many ways, the strength of our channels. The cable ratings, as I talked about FX, if you look at the ratings of that strength for FOX News and American Idol, obviously for us got stronger as the year went along. So you had a good healthy -- healthy national market and good healthy channels to sell into it. And as we look out into 2012, certainly right now, that the national business is great, whether it continues to be with the rate scatter pricing, in the broadcast business, [indiscernible] scatter pricing in cable business, and I think as we for the year, when we're looking at ad dollars for the broadcast network, I think we're assuming they are probably about flat. And on the cable business, I think it's sort of up. Domestically up mid double digits and higher than that.
Keith Murdoch: Higher than that.
Chase Carey: Higher than that, fairly significantly notch above that internationally. Probably the area that is, right now, certainly the local business is not as robust as the national business. Looks like it will be a bit better for us in September as we get some things kicking in but...
Keith Murdoch: We'd be looking at basically, low single digits, when you exclude political consumable from a year ago.
Chase Carey: If you do the year-on-year comps, I think it's a couple of points up. Obviously, politicals are going to create year-on-year negative comps and we did have the Super Bowl and so if you give it [ph] those things, it probably puts it down a bit on the actual numbers.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can I just ask David a follow up? The 2x to 2.5x leverage, which is great that you guys actually have a target, is that gross or net leverage?
David DeVoe: It's gross. It's pretty much what we've always been saying.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: So it's not a change.
Keith Murdoch: Yes.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: I had a quick question for Rupert that I'd love his answer to. When you go back a few years ago, I think it was basically August of 2008. You were asked a question about buying back your stock. The stock was substantially below current where it is today. And you really responded in a tone where you weren't really all that interested in buying back the stock. And I'm curious now, as you look at where you are now 3 years later, you've delevered dramatically over that time period. Now, it seems like you have a lot of conviction in buying back the stock and I just -- we'd just love to hear from you why you're so interested in buying the stock now and why it's going to be a fundamental part of your strategy going forward?
Keith Murdoch: Well, I think it's a question of relative values. The reason in 2008, that I was coy about it was, and I couldn't say it, was of course that we were saving up to bid for BSkyB. That's -- all that's changed.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Alan Gould, Evercore Partners.
Alan Gould - Evercore Partners Inc.: Following up on the buyback. Dave, how much of the $13 billion of cash that you have today is held offshore? And at 2.75x or 2.5x to 3x next year as the EBITDA, you get to something like $13 billion of excess cash from here. Do we assume that BSkyB is permanently off the table and that you're not going to start saving up for the possibility of getting that again in the next 2 to 3 years when this hopefully blows by?
David DeVoe: The answer to the first part of your question is, about 1/3 of our cash is held offshore, principally in euros and in sterling and in all appropriate banks that are highly rated. With respect to BSkyB, BSkyB is just for. . .
Chase Carey: We're not stockpiling for it yet. We're focused on running our businesses and going forward.
Alan Gould - Evercore Partners Inc.: So that means the -- as you said, the $5 billion could increase depending where the stock is?
David DeVoe: Yes.
Chase Carey: Yes.
Operator: Comes from the line of David Bank, RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just sort of one big picture question, one small picture question on the TV business. Could you talk about the sort of pacing right now, both local ONO business from what you can see on the small picture side? And the big picture side, you essentially created a new authentication window online, by, I think it's an 8-day delay. How do you -- do you have authentication deals in place with the majority of your distributors today? And how long do you think it will -- if not, how long do you think it will take to get all of those in place, and how does that impact viewership between now and the time that you have them all in place? Like you're essentially foregoing some viewership, right, if you don't have them all in one place?
Chase Carey: I guess on the first question, pacing local, I think as we look at this quarter, and I think we're probably pacing down, I think it's sort of mid up high single digits down in the quarter. Again, a little bit better as you get to September, as we get some other things that are -- some of the events coming in there, the NFL is doing -- the NFL is selling well. The auto business seems to be coming back in September. I think we feel great about the network lineup that we got to sell into that but -- and clearly, part of that pacing is political, if you take out the -- I think if you exclude political, it's probably sort of low single-digit down. So excluding political, you probably have a reasonably flat market. With the politicals in it, it sort of gets to be a more mid to high single digit type of pacing. In terms of the 8-day window, I guess it really sort of ties into retransmission. And I guess our overall view, in many ways, that our broadcast network as a channel, just like, in many ways, like our cable channel. So dual revenue stream business with advertising and subscription fees. And if we're going to go out and get paid subscription fees for that product, we think it's appropriate that we manage how -- what are the terms on which consumers access it elsewhere. And if you look at most of the cable original programming, it's available on various delays because that's partial of the demands you're putting into the channel itself. And I think what we'd look to is authentication being the tool through which consumers can get to that midnight, next day experience, but it's an addition to the experience, it's not a replacement. And we think that's an important principle. I'm not going to get too deep into all our negotiations in the terms of our agreements with various parties. They have different terms and conditions to them. But obviously, this becomes part of -- sort of if it's tied into running the broadcast business like the cable channel, then it's tied into retransmission, which is really the tool for making a dual revenue business. I think I said in the past, we're largely in the next 18 months through the vast majority of our -- I think both affiliates in broadcast and MVPDs, we'll be through the vast majority of our retransmission agreements. Doesn't mean, again, we won't -- if the windows aren't necessarily tied to agreements. I think we recognize we're foregoing some and if authentication -- our hopes would be if authentication gets some better traction, I guess it's been disappointing in some ways authentication hasn't gotten further in terms of concepts, in terms of execution in the last couple of years, there's been a lot of talk, not as much action. And I think in some ways, it's getting overly beaten up by some of the distributors out there. We'd like to see an open, robust authenticated environment where a lot of people can compete with it, a lot of -- there's a lot of choice for customers. It's not another version of a wall garden experience. And hopefully that's where we can get to, where it's rich, easy to use, exciting experience. Customers get that experience. Look, almost everybody -- authentication really isn't going encumber anybody. Most homes take cable subscriptions today. So it -- really if you make it easy to use, and you created an exciting open environment where consumers got a lot of choice in that authenticated world, we think it's a great experience that really can make the whole process of, sort of, from the initial subscription and the ongoing viewing, additive. And I think that we believe is important investment in our long-term health and to a degree, there's some viewership we sacrifice in the short term. I place that upfront. I think we -- we're going to be focused on having built the right the business models and long term asset value and not having to squeeze a quick buck out of this for a quarter or two.
Operator: And that comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc: I just had one question on one of your cable channels, Fox Business. It seems like there's quite a bit of excitement about the asset a number of years ago. I think you got carriage in New York, which was a key gating factor. You seem to have hired quite a bit of talent from CNBC, but it doesn't seem to show up on the ratings and you don't even mention it as sort of one of the under-monetized assets, at least in your prepared remarks. So can you just give us sort of an update on where you are in Fox Business?
Keith Murdoch: The ratings are in fact, improving. And certain times of the day, we're head-to-head with CNBC. We're beating them. We do need more distribution, that's true. As to regards to the performance, it is now at a cash break even.
Chase Carey: And it may not get that great growth. I think it's much better channel than it was 12 months ago. I think they've done a good job. I mean these channels, they don't -- Fox News didn't grow overnight, Fox Business doesn't grow overnight. I think the channel's made real headway, and it really -- actually I could've put it on the list, I just didn't select it. It was more example wise, not all-inclusive. I mean, to say the ones I didn't mention wasn't -- by excluding them wasn't saying we're not excited by them and we really are. I mean Fox Business has made great strides, as Rupert said, we got a couple of holes in distribution that we've got to fill, one which we got a handle on. And we think this channel really is an exciting growth area for us as well, and I think really adds an exciting dimension to our FOX News business.
Operator: And that comes from the line of Jolanta Masojada, Crédit Suisse.
Jolanta Masojada - Crédit Suisse AG: Chase, I wondered if you could talk through the cost opportunities you see in the publishing business in the U.K. and Australia, given the tough outlook? And if you could maybe be specific on whether there's the opportunity to rationalize printing operations in Australia?
Chase Carey: Well, they're continuing -- it's really an ongoing process, and it's really multidimensional. It is -- and it's not just for us. It is revenue, digital extensions of the product. We're certainly investing in that. We're looking at ways we can deal with the printing side of it. We have real scale there and I think it's important for us to figure out how do we take advantage of that scale to create real efficiencies. And really, like I said, over time we're continuing -- the growth side of this is going to be increasingly digital. And that's a long-term transitional process but an area we need to focus on. In the U.K., we obviously going through in much more -- with closure of the News of the World, a much more jarring change than we need to. We got new management that's been in place for all of -- we've got a new CEO in place for a couple of weeks. And he's obviously taking up something that looks very different than it did a month ago. And I think in fairness to him, we'll give him time to get his head around how do you deal with the business at that stage [ph] that it has absolutely created a significant and a negative year-over-year variance for us this year. And we need to prioritize how do we address a business that looks very different without News of the World there.
Keith Murdoch: I'd just add to that, that the -- there is room and certainly, for economies, in various parts of our situation in Britain, but not in printing. We had the biggest and the most efficient printing plants in Britain. We print for our opposition and we'll be printing for more of our opposition if they want to come to us. They're extremely economical. In fact, when you go into these enormous plants, it's alarming because you don't see anybody. But it's probably the most efficient, the London plant and the Liverpool plant are the most efficient plants in Europe. And in Australia, we have relatively [indiscernible] the 5 year-old plants in each of the big cities. You cannot -- and they haven't got spare capacity, you cannot print in one city papers for cities 600 miles apart. There's not big room for savings there. And that's part of the business. In fact, there have been savings being made throughout the year or the last 18 months in Australia. And I think our headcount is down considerably in all corners of the business. The trouble though, frankly, is that advertising business isn't hitting magazines more than us. But business is just bad. People in Australia -- [indiscernible] is going to be 12%, and the retail has been very badly. We just have to come through this.
Operator: That comes from the line of Michael Nathanson, Nomura Securities.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I have 1 for Chase and then I'll have 1 for Rupert. Chase, you talked in your prepared remarks about [indiscernible] or trying to get mid-teen returns on your capital allocations decisions going forward and I wonder when you look back on the previous decision, do you think the company has done mid-teens returns on capital? And then if so, if not, what's going to be different going forward in terms of a new process?
Chase Carey: I mean I'm not going to go back and critique things that are in the years past. Generally, you make honest judgments. Rarely -- it doesn't mean they're not honest judgments, rarely does something look the same as you thought it would 5 years after the fact. But -- so all I can really do is speak to it prospectively. And that's how I'm going to deal with it. And prospectively, I think it is important. We have discipline, we have goals, that we invest in places that we really think fit our core areas of focus and growth that -- and that can really bring something -- bring a dimension to our business that we can really capitalize on. And again, that being said, when you talk about acquisitions, and I guess I want to continue to be clear. I mean that the way you build -- you create real value is to build it. And I think within that, what you really probably are looking for mostly is places where you're acquiring something, it's sort of a foundation to build off of. I think if you're buying mature businesses it's probably pretty tough.
Keith Murdoch: I'll just interrupt, sorry. In the businesses, we have really huge returns in -- 100%, 200% return on investment, and we have businesses which are soft. But I would think we are averaging well over 15% on what we've done and we hope to do that in the future.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then Rupert, following up on a question I have for you is, on these past calls, when a question about newspaper assets has come up, and maybe spinning them off, is the answer is no, no it's a part of the company. I wonder in light of what's happened, and the damage caused financially and to the brand, if your tolerance for papers or your support of the assets has changed at all, or maybe even a mix of certain types of newspapers. Can you talk a bit about how you're feeling about those assets within the portfolio?
Keith Murdoch: No, I'm feeling very confident. I'm shocked and appalled at what happened in one small corner, which is the News of the World. And then I see that never, never happens again. But everything else is fine. The Wall Street Journal, I'm not saying it's making 15%, but it is the only newspaper that increased advertising revenue -- major newspaper that increased advertising revenue in the last year in the United States. So we are making progress wherever we can.
Operator: That comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente of Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: A question for Dave on the quarter, first. I wondered if you'd help us quantify the write-down and closing of channels that led to higher programming expenses at the cable network segment?
David DeVoe: It's roughly half the amount I mentioned, which is $50 million. To be specific, $25 million.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Is there any part of that, that you would characterize as potentially coming up again next quarter or anything in terms of. . .
David DeVoe: This is one off. There were some programming contracts as well, that we've had for a while, which we wrote down as well.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: And then when we try and model moving forward in terms of what's contemplated in your guidance, one of the swing factors that is tough for us to project is film. Just wondering if you could help us with what your plan is for film for next year. Is that adjusted OI growth going to be -- can you say directionally what it could be in relation to what your guidance says for the consolidated results?
Keith Murdoch: It's a very, very dangerous thing to predict the outcome. All I can say is, you can see the comparison of the years, which was the lack of Avatar, which was a total, extraordinary event the year before. But this year, we have already started very well. Last weekend, we had a huge opening, well ahead of budget on Planet of the Apes. And we also launched, I think maybe Monday, the DVD of Rio and beat our full target in about 2 days.
Chase Carey: But inside our expectations, we expect it's a reasonably flat business. We want to be conservative. It's a business that obviously, as what Rupert said, it's tough to predict. And so we believe we have got a great team there that's done a great job, but I think as you try to project out, you be conservative, so we projected the year as pretty flat with this year.
Keith Murdoch: We are very conservative on our projections there. And I think it's very appropriate. We see other companies and we've had the experience. It's not that difficult to lose $100 million on film, which is, we haven't had that experience for a long, long time and we are very careful. And we also, I should say, lay off a lot of the risk in every film we make.
David DeVoe: Anthony -- I think actually Rich asked, but I just want to go back to the question that Rich asked Rupert and just to give a slightly more perspective on it. Rupert may have forgot this. But if you go back, if you compare where we were 2008 to where we are today, I mean today as a company is much, much stronger financially, the nature of the company has changed. The predictability of our earnings have changed if you look at where we're going with our cable business. And in 2008, at one point, we thought that the financial world was coming to an end so we're extremely, extremely conservative. So I just think we're in a totally different place today from where we were in 2008 with respect to our ability and capacity to buy back stock.
Operator: Comes from the line of Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: I have one on the guidance, Dave. If you could just comment, possibly on the publishing assumption around severance or onetime cost, either News of the World litigation stuff or in Australia, anything that you're factoring in that might help us understand if it's onetime and quantify it, if you could.
Keith Murdoch: Well, there's nothing in Australia to quantify it. And, in the U.K., no we're not prepared to give that figure yet. Nor do we know. We are trying very hard. Everyone's getting included as well as we can. But first, we have to get to the bottom, exactly of what happened. Were there a dozen guilty people or 2 dozen? We are not only investigating, but we are cooperating totally, 100%, with the police in their investigations. And we expect that to go on for some time.
David DeVoe: With respect to the guidance, we have not provided in the guidance anything out of the ordinary with respect to the cost that. -We, obviously -- we have to provide it for the known litigations that we know about and the expected settlements of those cases.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Just on capital allocation and I think you can tell from the questions, everyone's very happy to hear the details there. I mean it looks if I run the math, you guys threw off about $4 billion of free cash flow this year, no reason to think that's going down. So in 3 years, you're talking about $12 billion of free cash, you've got $12 billion of cash on the balance sheet, if you take that down to $3 billion. You're basically talking about $20 billion of capacity, it's over 1/2 your market cap. The only other variable, I think Chase, you threw out, was acquisitions and you talked about tens or hundreds of millions. I just wanted to make sure I'm not missing anything and all that?
Keith Murdoch: We're not saying something won't come along that might be $1 billion, but we don't see anything, and we certainly don't see any really big things like we were, sort of like with BSkyB. We don't have any prospects or anything like that.
David DeVoe: Operator, we have time for one more question for the financial community before we go to the press. Also at this time, I'd like to remind members of the press that they should start queuing up the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] That last question comes from the line of Spencer Wang, Crédit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG: Chase, you mentioned earlier you thought the stock was, I think, woefully undervalued. So I was wondering if, for you Rupert, would you guys consider some more structural changes at the company? And I don't mean just getting rid of the newspapers, but maybe just help us understand why you think having the company configured the way it is makes sense in terms of asset mix? And then just a quick housekeeping question for Dave, what's the FX impact in your guidance, please?
Keith Murdoch: I don't see, I think we've got a very good mix. There are one or 2, it's one thing I'm not prepared to specify to you, I think at the moment and hasn't been announced that we would sell. But no, no major restructure.
Chase Carey: And I think we try to do -- we've certainly done some streamlining of our businesses and I think we would continue to try to like this, focus on the core businesses that we think are the heart of our gross revenue. So I think just the last month or 2, sold the outdoor business and have taken some other steps. But I think from a larger and sort of the core area that we're focused on, the areas we grow and build, I'm sure you're a great fan of financial engineering. But want to be smart but I think we have tried to cleaned up some of the things where we got complexities to focus some businesses that we think makes sense. We obviously cleaned up MySpace and digital area this year. So I do think we're trying to bring a level of focus and discipline that both help deal with the undervalue of our stock.
Keith Murdoch: I think we've learned a tremendous amount in the digital area. And we have some terrific people now, all which are accounted for the cost of them in digitizing, not just the independent products, but all our information products. If you look at our apps, The London Times, The Sunday Times, News of the World, [indiscernible], they are as good or better than anybody else's. We intend to keep improving them. That will expand and the money coming from that will expand as more people have tablets, and what is interesting is we're getting tremendous take off, not just on the iPad but on the Kindle.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG: The other question on the FX?
David DeVoe: It's not significant of guidance. We're using pretty much the exchange rate that exists. There are some -- to be honest, I don't have the exact number at my fingertips, but it's not significant. If it's very important to you, I will get Reed to get back to you on that.
Reed Nolte: Operator, now, we'd like to go to the press. Also given the time, we will limit each reporter to one question.
Operator: And our first question will come from the line of Yinka Adegoke with Reuters.
Yinka Adegoke: Yinka Adegoke with Reuters. Hi, Mr. Murdoch, you said at the U.K., here the other day that you still hope for one of your children to run the company at some stage. It was good to hear you say you're still running the company with Chase for now. Given what's happened and some of the questions about James's testimony, do you think the board will support you if -- will support James being appointed as CEO at some stage in the near future?
Keith Murdoch: Well I hope that the job won't be open in the near future. And I have -- Chase is my partner, if anything happens to me, I'm sure he'll get it immediately if I went under a bus. But Chase and I have full confidence in James. But I think that's all I need to say about it. But in the end, the succession is a matter for the board.
Operator: And that will come from the line of David Gelles, Financial Times.
David Gelles: Do you acknowledge critics' claims that many of your board members are not independent by traditional corporate governance definition? And if it is so, do you plan any changes to the board?
Keith Murdoch: No, I don't acknowledge that and no, I don't plan to change it. It's a very strong board, very often very critical and we have a lot of free ranging discussions.
Operator: It comes from the line of Georg Szalai, Hollywood Reporter.
Georg Szalai: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the state of the Hulu auction, when do you expect to close and will it go forward?
Chase Carey: I'm not going to speak too much of the way Hulu's running the process. We're obviously partners, so I think probably they are the right ones to speak to. It is obviously ongoing, and I think, progressing largely according to plan, but for us, I think we'll see where it ultimately ends up. And I think for us, it's still a decision to see where -- what it looks like at the end. Does it make sense to pursue that path or does it make sense for us to stay in an ownership position and continue to have it driven by content owners. But I think it's on course and on schedule, but I'll let Hulu speak to it in more detail.
Operator: And that comes from the line of Edmund Lee with Advertising Age.
Edmund Lee: Mr. Murdoch, so given that you're concerned about what happened at News of the World, what are you doing to -- what is the company doing and what are you doing to look at other areas of News Corp. and potential activities of a similar sort, namely News America Marketing and other news operations within News Corp.?
Keith Murdoch: We are cooperating with all investigations and indeed, have invited in legal firms to help us check through. But we're not going into any more specifics of what they are. I can tell you that we are totally committed to absolute transparency for the whole company.
Operator: And that comes from the line of Jon Lafayette, B&C.
Jon Lafayette : What steps are you taking to make sure that any future misdeeds come to your attention much quicker than these ones did in the U.K.?
Keith Murdoch: I think we have obviously had a big alarm call. What happened there was we found out, the police found that, few people were charged, people went to jail. And after further investigations by them, [indiscernible] they said there was no further evidence and they were closing their file. In retrospect, we should have continued investigating.
Reed Nolte: Operator, we have time for one last question from the press, please.
Operator: And that will come from the line of David Folkenflik, National Public Radio.
David Folkenflik : This question is for Mr. Murdoch. I hope you guys can hear. You mentioned that you and the board affirmed it would be right that you continue on as Chairman and CEO of the Corporation. That said, there are a lot of ties, familial, corporate and financial between yourself, members of your immediate family, the board and those responsible for the internal inquiry. What do you say to those analysts who contend that your company...
Keith Murdoch: That's not true. The people who are responsible for the -- the independent directors. . .
David Folkenflik : Who is Mr. Dinh and. . .
Keith Murdoch: Mr. Dinh is a completely independent director, a distinguished lawyer. And I'll just assure you that we continually evaluate our corporate governance practices and have engaged outside counsel to confirm that we are in compliance with standards of good corporate governance.
Chase Carey: Thank you, Rupert. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. If you have any further questions, please give us a call. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. As I mentioned before, today's call was recorded and is available for replay starting today at 6:30 Eastern for 2 weeks until August 24, 2011, at midnight. You may access the replay system by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 208827. International participants may dial into the United States at (320) 365-3844 with the same access code of 208827. That does conclude today's conference and I thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-05-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Executive Director, Senior Executive Vice President of News America, Director of BSkyB, Director of NDS, Director of News America and Director of STAR Reed Nolte - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Chase Carey - Deputy Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jolanta Masojada - Crédit Suisse AG Staci Kramer - Paidcontent.org Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Georg Szalai Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Barton Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Alan Gould - Evercore Partners Inc. James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Unknown Analyst -  James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. Peter Ryan David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Tuna Amobi - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the News Corp. Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the conference over to Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, News Corporation. Please go ahead.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. First, we will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, and we'll be happy to take your questions first from the financial community and then from the press. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2011, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. And these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as adjusted segment operating income, adjusted earnings per share and adjusted net income, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of segment operating income and the EPS and net income reconciliation is included in our earnings release.  With that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David DeVoe: Reed, thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. As you all have seen in today's earnings release, our results in the third fiscal quarter were led by exceptionally strong performance at our Cable Programming and Television segments. These 2 segments combined were up 48% compared to the third quarter a year ago. Part of these results were offset by a very difficult comparisons in Filmed Entertainment related to Avatar's record box office performance a year ago and reduced publishing contributions.  Our reported results this quarter reflect a onetime $425 million pretax charge related to the previously announced litigation settlement involving the company's Integrated Marketing Services business, which is reflected in this quarter's publishing segment operating income. After adjusting for this item, we reported total segment operating income of $1.19 billion for the third quarter, 5% below the year ago quarter's results of $1.25 billion. Our share of reported results from our associated companies were down $70 million in the quarter, and after adjusting for gains on business dispositions in each year, results were down approximately $80 million. This decline is primarily due to our share of losses from our ESPN Star Sports joint venture in Asia, resulting from their World Cricket broadcast, as well as from our increased ownership in Sky Deutschland.  Excluding the net income effects in both years of onetime items, along with this year's litigation settlement charge as well as News Corporation's share of gains by our associates on their business dispositions, third quarter adjusted earnings per share this year is $0.26 compared with the year ago adjusted result of $0.29. Our press release includes a reconciliation to our GAAP amount. Now I'd like to provide some additional information on a few of our businesses. Let's start with our Cable Networks. This segment continues to drive overall company results, generating over 60% of News Corporation's total segment operating income.  Third quarter Cable segment operating income contributions increased 25% over year ago levels to $735 million with double-digit earnings growth at all our major channels. This growth continues to be top line driven with segment revenues up 13%. Advertising revenues at the Cable Networks increased 16% over year ago levels and affiliate fees grew 12%. To illustrate the momentum of this business, I'd like to give you a few highlights. Fox News generated its highest ever operating profit in profit margin in the quarter. We also look forward to continue the affiliate revenue growth from affiliate deals to be renewed before the 2012 election.  FX now ranks as the #7 most popular cable channel in prime time among 89 basic cable competitors for this March quarter 18 to 49 ratings, up 20% on average over year ago levels.  At our Fox International Channels, we now operate the #1 and #2 ranked pan-regional channels at Latin America under the Fox and National Geographic brand, and they are performing well ahead of our plan.  In India, where STAR is the leading television network, we've already generated 55% more in earnings through the third quarter than we did it all the 12 months of fiscal 2010. At our Film segment, third quarter operating income was $248 million as compared to the record $497 million we reported a year ago, and this is as expected.  This decline reflects last year's theatrical box office success of Avatar. As we look forward, the most significant comparison issues related to Avatar's financial success are now behind us. And given Rio's current success at the worldwide box office, we anticipate good growth at our Film segment in the fourth quarter. At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $192 million increased $152 million, nearly a fourfold increase, driven by a 23% revenue growth at the segment, increased re-trans fees and reduced programming costs at the network.  Station revenues increased 8% from a year ago, driven by the Super Bowl, offset in part by the absence of the DCS broadcast and by reduced political spending. Auto telecom and financial advertising were also very strong. At the FOX Broadcasting Network, we had very successful quarter led by the NFL postseason, including Super Bowl 45 full day of record viewership. We continue to experience at point national ad markets salary ratings from shows like American Idol, including House.  At SKY Italia, segment operating income declined to $17 million from last year's reported $35 million, resulting from higher marketing and installation cost. This investment in the business resulted in an almost 50% increase in gross subscriber additions in the most recent quarter, and it's also reduced the year-on-year churn for the past 5 quarters. Revenues declined slightly in local currencies as compared to the prior year's quarter, primarily due to lower advertising revenues and an expected decrease in monthly ARPU resulting from our new offerings. Monthly ARPU in the quarter averaged 42 euros, the same as that achieved in the December quarter but down from 44 euros in the year ago quarter. And this decrease reflects new subscribers and the net lower price points as well as some migration of existing subscribers among the new package choices. We are very pleased with the overall results to date of the reorganized programming packages. This quarter's gross additions totaled approximately $173,000 versus $118,000 a year ago. This improvement, combined with a reduction in churn, netted SKY Italia 45,000 additional subscribers versus a loss of 39,000 subscribers in the year ago quarter, and SKY ended the quarter with 4.9 million subscribers, which is its highest level that is achieved to date.  In our Publishing segment, segment operating income of $161 million decreased $82 million from last year's third quarter when excluding this year's litigation settlement.  This reduction largely reflects advertising revenue declines at our Australian and United Kingdom newspapers, start-up cost for The Daily, increased newsprint cost and reduced contributions from the integrated Marketing Service business. The quarter was also affected by the absence of Dow Jones Index business, which was sold last March. And finally, before I turn the call over to Chase, I'd like to address our guidance for fiscal 2011. And as a reminder, we measure this guidance excluding for fiscal 2010, the $500 million litigation charge resulting in a base of $4.46 billion in segment operating income for comparative purposes. Similarly, we are excluding from fiscal 2011 the $125 million litigation charge. In early February, we reiterated guidance and expected our segment operating income growth rate for fiscal 2011 to be in the low double-digit range above the $4.46 billion fiscal 2000 (sic)adjusted result. And based on all the assumptions inherent in our projections, we are maintaining our operating segment income guidance for fiscal 2011 to be at a growth rate range in the low double digits above the fiscal 2010 adjusted result.  Given our earnings performance through March, you'll infer that we are anticipating strong earnings growth in our fourth fiscal quarter, and we are. But now with only 2 months ago, we feel very confident in achieving this growth rate.  And with, I'd like to now turn the call over to Chase for some additional comments.
Chase Carey: Thanks, Dave. In many ways, our third quarter was similar to our second quarter. Our results were driven by strong performance in our Television businesses, including U.S. and international cable networks, our broadcast network and our TV stations. Our international satellite platforms continue to focus on growth and strengthening their competitive position.  As Dave said, this is the last quarter of the Film business where we will face the difficult Avatar comps in a material way, and we're excited about the upcoming releases.  We're on course to address MySpace through a strategic transaction and are moving forward with an array of digital initiatives from The Daily to digital versions of our newspapers to authentication to the premium VOD. Overall, it's a quarter of solid progress. Looking forward, we're now truly poised to take our business to much higher levels of profitability over the next 1 to 2 years.  Our U.S. channels, both cable and broadcast, will clearly be one driving force in that growth. At FOX News, we will have completed our newest rounded carriage agreement with slightly over half our sub-universe by the summer of 2012 with new rates that reflect this increased importance in the market. FX had just completed its highest rated quarter ever and is poised to build in that growth to increased advertising and affiliate revenues.  The Fox Broadcast Network, American Idol has really found a second life with the renewed level of energy and excitement, which when paired to the X Factor in fiscal 2012 gives us an unrivaled 1, 2 punch and frankly allows us to plan the business with much greater confidence. We're making good progress with our stations and affiliates in retransmission, although we still have some issues to work through.  On the ONO side, we plan to have re-trans agreements with well over half the households by the end of this calendar year. In fact, we look to have agreements in place with over 80% of that universe by the end of calendar 2012.  Additionally, by the end of fiscal 2012, we expect to have new affiliation agreements in place with over 2/3 of our affiliate universe measured by household numbers, generating appropriate compensation for us for the value Fox delivers in the marketplace. The upfront ad markets for both cable and broadcast seem well positioned for truly strong results with scatter continuing to sell at big premiums to last year's upfront.  The U.S. local ad market is facing tougher comps from a year ago, and the Japan tragedy is having an impact on short-term local ad spending.  Q3 spending was up a bit in this quarter. At quarter ending June, it looks to be low to mid- up -- low to mid- single digits. Our international channels are expected to register growth rates that will likely equal or exceed those in the U.S. This growth will be across-the-board but particularly strong in markets like South America, India and the Southeast Asia. We have some competitor strengths we can build on to drive this growth for years to come.  In our Content businesses at Fox, I noted earlier that we're ending a series of quarters with difficult comps in our Film business and look forward to some exciting upcoming releases. Rio will soon cross over $400 million in the worldwide box office, and we feel very good about our upcoming summer films: X-Men: First Class, Mr. Popper's Penguins, and our Planet of the Apes prequel.  Our TV studio continues to be an industry leader, and we're taking advantage of new competition from Netflix and other emerging platforms, which are creating a new and incremental source of revenue for library rights to our shows. At the same time, we're focused in ensuring we protect the currency and the value of our series on a maintaining flexibility to address this evolving market. Our satellite platforms all have a renewed sense of growth. I don't want say much ahead of Sky Deutschland's own quarterly release. However, we feel great about the real momentum and sub-growth and overall platform development in the last few quarters.  Italy has also continued to show renewed strength in sub-growth, and it's in the strongest competitive position that it's been in for 2 years. Our technology content in service have all added new dimensions.  For example, last month, we concluded an exclusive agreement for right to the European Champions League.  Subscriber growth has been our clear priority, and this has required us to invest in marketing, consumer offers and technology, which has impacted current profits.  However, we believe it is critical to position ourselves for long-term financial growth and leadership. In support of these objectives, we expect SKY Italia to cross the $5 million sub-threshold this summer. We know that we have some headwinds to navigate, like advertising slowdowns, in the Publishing segment and start-up costs is in places, like The Daily, but we feel very good overall about our business and geographic mix and are really excited about our growth prospects over the next couple of quarters. Thanks.
Reed Nolte: Operator, we'd like to now go to the Q&A session with the analysts and investors.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Alan Gould, Evercore Partners.
Alan Gould - Evercore Partners Inc.: Chase, could you just update us on any news on the BSkyB deal, when we should hear from Mr. Hunt?
Chase Carey: Again, we're focused -- I mean, our focus right -- I'll address it briefly. I mean, I'm not going to handicap the regulatory timing. I mean, I think it will be soon, but that really does -- I mean, like our focus continues to be on completing the regulatory profit process, and that is where our focus, however, and I guess I will say, which I've said recently, the movement in the Sky stock price is clearly troubling. The Sky stock is trading between GBP 5 and GBP 6 before we've made our offer. And that already represented a significant premium to its peer cable and satellite distributors and of course Sky was expected to continue to generate very good results. And to their credit, Sky management is generating good results since then. However, those results are really essentially in line with, not only our expectations, but analyst expectations. So in these -- the results validate the premiums Sky was trading at last summer but not a whole new premium on top of the pre-existing premium. Because I also want to note, there seems to be an unrealistically rosy view. Now the challenge is Sky must navigate going forward. Sky management is second to none. However, the business is certain to face pressures and demands from emerging technologies, competition and the overall economy and many other places that Sky will have to navigate. Therefore, I want to reiterate one more time that we'll be very disciplined about this process, and we will pursue other options for our capital if we can't reach a reasonable deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Alexander, Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs: Chase, could you maybe just elaborate what would be Plan B if the Sky share price continues to run ahead of where it is? And just on SKY Italia, the business seems to have gotten a lot of momentum in terms of sub-additions, but we're not really seeing the financial results come through. Can you just update us on where you think that ARPU might settle and maybe a little bit more color on the current operating environment in Italy?
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean, in the U.K., I'm not going to get into hypotheticals. Again, our focus is getting this through the regulatory process and trying to conclude a deal. We'd like to conclude a deal, if we can reach a reasonable deal. So I'm not going to get into hypotheticals about options at this point. In terms of Italy, growth, you got to invest in growth. I mean, I -- I sort of live this firsthand in other places. And when you're adding subscribers that you're investing in marketing, you're investing in offers. I mean, clearly, we're going through a process. Dave touched on it, where we modified our offers last year to have more competitive offers that give us really long-term strength in the marketplace, and there's a settling through process, both with existing and new customers in terms of that. I think as you get into -- as we get later into this year, we sort of get through that settling process, but I think it does require investment at all those fronts, including technology, look for putting more technology in the homes. We feel very good about the ability to create a set of program packages and services DVRs, HD and the like. There was a good, solid, real, long-term growth, and that really is our focus at this point. We'll have to keep strengthening the programming offers I mentioned, the Saga Champions League, which we're taking exclusive rights to. Our focus is really about creating a competitive strength, unique strength in the marketplace that lets us drive all these metrics forward from a position of real leadership. I mean, we obviously have that leadership today, and we think this is a time to invest and solidify and build on that leadership position to enable us to give us the platform for long-term growth.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen, Bank of America.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: I have 2 questions for Chase. Chase, you mentioned that FOX News half the universe will be video complete by the summer of 2012. Is that between now and 2012? And what kind of increase should we be thinking about? I mean, the last go-around was triple. Can pay-TV operators even stomach that?
Chase Carey: Again, I'm not going to advertise what we're looking to achieve. Yes, I mean, first, time frame wise, yes, I was talking about -- I think it is slightly over half for universe by next summer. So it's coming up in that time frame. It's not all of next summer but that's when they're sort of half that I refer to comes up. And look, I think we feel we're warranted, that increase reflects the strength of FOX News. I said before that FOX News is a channel that probably stays second to ESPN in terms of importance and clout in the marketplace. In 2012, we're also happening to be heading into a thing called an election and that probably adds a bit of energy to it. So I think we're going to try and be. I think when we dealt with these issues, whether it's -- or any of channels. I think we try to look for something that we think is fair and reflects the value of that market place. I think with FOX News, we've created a channel that is due for an appropriate increase, given its strength in the marketplace. And here we're cognizant certainly about pressures in terms of the market and the programming costs and the consumer and the like. But equally, we think it is important that we get a fair compensation for our content. I mean, you look at this, this is still a very healthy segment on all levels. Some of that existing again in the last couple of days, but I'm not going to put out sort of publicly what -- and I think negotiation should be held on a private, so I'm not going to put out what we're...
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, but something that has been a little more public has been like the re-trans. So you kind of laid out how much of the footprint of the U.S. is coming up over the next year or so. So can you just maybe give us a range of how meaningful a contribution from re-trans and reverse comp we should be looking for in fiscal '12 and again in fiscal '13, like what's the incremental increase that we should be...
Chase Carey: Again, I think we've been pretty clear, I mean, but again, these sort of things, I think, are private negotiations. It's important to us. We view it as we want to create it a real dual revenue stream and have compensation that -- on the subscription side that begins to reflect the value of the FOX Network. I mean, in reality, it's -- I guess if you look at competitive rates, it's higher than anything we'd be asking. But it's an important and significant major source of revenue. But I don't think we're going to get down to what the specific rates are again. I'll reiterate what I've said before, we've said the Broadcast business, and I really do think in many ways that it's an integrated business in the station and -- between the stations and network. That will be $1 billion plus business in the next couple of years, but with a stable ad market without relying on any unusual growth in the ad market, simply a stable ad market.
Operator: And that comes from the line of Jolanta Masojada, Credit Suisse.
Jolanta Masojada - Crédit Suisse AG: Chase, I wondered if you could provide some operating metrics at The Daily and more broadly what the experience The Daily is telling you about the potential of the tablet market?
Chase Carey: I think we -- I mean, The Daily, I'm not going to give a whole lot of specifics. I think in the quarter -- on the financials, I mean, and I think in the quarter, we lost about $10 million on The Daily. It's really early days with The Daily. I mean, I...
David DeVoe: [indiscernible] on 1,000 downloads, yes.
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean, yes, it's very early days, work in progress. I mean, it's only a month plus that it's been pay based. It actually is one of the most downloaded news apps out there, but it's a work in progress. And I think we know that we're improving the technology, we're refining the content. And the tablet market is still in its infancy. If you look at the any of the numbers in the tablet universe today versus the numbers people have out there for the end of this calendar year or the end of the following calendar year, it's a small fraction of what that will be. So I think on all fronts, it's -- whether it's on The Daily itself or the tablet market and how it evolves, I think it's pretty early days on all those fronts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson, Nomura Security.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: So I have two: one for Dave and one for Chase. Dave, I just wonder, if you look at your operating profit of the Studio, you're down $500 million or so year-to-date. Can you give us a sense of what percent or what part of that decline is in Avatar? Or is there any other things dragging you down year-over-year that may be more than Avatar?
David DeVoe: In the quarter, the -- almost the entire decrease is related to Avatar.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And year-to-date, the bulk of that?
David DeVoe: The bulk of that is related to Avatar, yes.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. So there's -- some people look at it again. Okay. Then Chase, a question for you would be, year-to-date, you're up double digits in affiliate fees domestically, and while you all don't want to talk about what FOX News is worth, the question would be is, can you grow double digits in affiliate fees the next couple of years based on the deals you're doing and the deals that are to come? So is the double digits a fair level of growth for affiliate fees domestically?
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, again, I'd probably say we -- when you look at what we have coming up in terms of affiliate negotiations, we expect it to be an area of real solid growth for us going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: A couple of questions. One just on sports. You signed a Pac-12 deal, just broadly not just including News Corp., but it just seems like sports costs and what people are willing to pay for league RSNs, team RSNs is really spiraling to all new levels. I mean, even hockey, which I think ratings are pretty horrible and got over $200 million a year from Comcast NBC. I guess the broader question is kind of how do you think about sports? How does the Pac-12 fit in with losing the Lakers for you? And do you worry about what the ending impact of all of this is going to be on the actual consumer who's going to pay for all of these sports channels that are being created by teams, leagues and other? And then just a broader question for Dave on the balance sheet. You've got, I think, almost $12 billion of cash now. If for any reason BSkyB doesn't happen, is a tender something you would seriously consider? I mean, it just seems like you've got tremendous capacity with the cash sitting there and cash flow building. Just would love to know how like long do you plan to sit on $12 billion of cash if you decide to move on from BSkyB for whatever reason?
Chase Carey: In terms of sports -- sports, I think, I've said it before, it's the -- clearly, it's a double-edged sword. It's -- certainly, the costs are challenged and we're very cognizant if it. I think the flip side is the value of sports is unique and probably becomes more unique in an era of fragmentation and DVRs and other technologies and the passion and the interest in sports seem like that continually distinguishes it from other things. I think we now believe and have proven around the world with sports rights that we've been able to navigate these costs and generate real value. Sports has certainly been a big part of our growth story, and we have in really all our territories and regions and have been a major part of building our businesses. So we're obviously not ignorant of the costs and -- but I think as we look at it, we look at -- and I think what is important for us, I mean, you touched on the regionals, the nationals, the network. And so we have the appropriate vehicles, internationally becomes the platforms as well that in all these sports rights that we have the appropriate vehicles to use these sports to, to build value and build our businesses. But I think these, I think, truly -- event sports, as I said, really are becoming more and more unique and probably more important than ever. And I think what you do need to make sure is we've got enough vehicles to figure how we build value around these sorts of franchises. And I think we -- I guess we can tell we've got a pretty good track record proving we can do that.
David DeVoe: With respect to the balance sheet, obviously, we're not going to sit on $12 billion actually to the extent that we're not going to be doing BSkyB transaction. We have a lot of, I think, options as to what we would do with it. And I think we'll face it when we get there, if we get there. We're certainly not going to sit on $12 billion and have the inefficient use of our capital structure that would affect. Just one -- I think this is Michael's question with respect to the film company. The one other major thing during the -- this is in the year to be -- for the year that would affect the film numbers is, we had Ice Age last year, which is a significant profit contributor, which we don't have in the current year.
Operator: And that comes from the line of Tuna Amobi with Standard & Poor's.
Tuna Amobi - S&P Equity Research: So in the context of the affiliate renewal deals that you just alluded to, Chase, when you talk to your distribution partners, are you calling out separate authentication rights, also iPad streaming rights? I'm just kind of wondering how confident that you are that you will be paid for these rights. And I think you guys also have a unique position with The Daily. So I'm just kind of wondering, do you feel that the iPad rights are embedded in the entertainment side? Is there any distinction you make between the news and the entertainment when you think about those rights and the value that they may have to you?
Chase Carey: Yes, I'd say, I think in general, authentication is just a good thing. And I think part of [indiscernible] a couple of the questions address the issue of increased cost of content or increased cost of programming. But it's -- one of the ways you deal with that vis-à-vis a consumer is to give the consumer increased value and give him a new experience. And I think the ability to access this product again in the proverbial, where you want, when you want, how you want, multiple screens, I think is a good thing. So I think we are looking to work with distributors to provide this richer experience. I think this is sort 2 fronts, as I've said, the richer experience in the home and then the richer experience out of the home. I think they're all going to be part of these discussions. And I think we -- and we are looking. And certainly, I think in the home is probably the primary focus. We're looking to work with distributors to provide that richer in-home experience. And I think there was recently an announcement about us extending with Comcast, as an example, and the VOD experience. And we think that's an important part of us, again, while we have tough negotiations. I think together, we need to continue to figure out. We continue to make some good experience for consumers and do our part to provide a richer and better experience in ways consumers can have new features and new functionality and things that excite them. And I think directionally, that is where we'd like to go.
Tuna Amobi - S&P Equity Research: If I can as a quick follow-up on the NFL situation, just kind of wanted to get your view on that and how this might play into the upfront dynamics? And I think you recently alluded to some kind of mitigation plan that you guys have in place. Should there not be a season? I was wondering if you can also perhaps share some of that with us.
Chase Carey: Look, I mean, I think our real hope is level heads prevail and this issue gets resolved. So I think that's our hope, and I think that's what initially people will move forward with an expectation. Things will get resolved. Obviously, as we go along, we'll have to deal with it. I think we tried -- I mean, for us, it's the afternoon, so it's not like we're preempting prime time, so it doesn't -- the afternoon is fairly discrete. I think we try to mitigate it. In reality, there aren't a lot of NFLs around, so you could do some other things. There's nothing -- I mean, one of the reasons why is it, what it is, just because there isn't anything to -- if there was something to put in its place, you have a pretty different world. But there isn't, so I think as you'd move forward, we try to think to whether its mitigate in terms of content or mitigate in terms of whether those advertisers who want to reach an audience and how do they reach that audience. I think it will be, but I think it will be limited to how far you can go. We'll certainly work constructively with everybody to deal with. I think it will be equally complicated because you're going to always have a fairly short-term time of horizon to not know how long this just go on and when could it get resolved. So I think we've obviously talked about ways we can mitigate on an array of fronts, but I think we'll have to play this out as it goes. And again, our real hope would be logic prevails, and everybody recognizes the best thing for everybody is to get this done, get deal done.
Operator: And that comes from the line of David Bank, RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Fox is in a pretty unique position relative to mostly the media conglomerates in the world right now, and there's actually a tremendous amount of television content that arguably you can exploit in the same sort of tonnage deals that I think CBS has done and, to some extent, Disney. Can you talk about what your strategy is with respect to the content that's arguably been pretty exploited and you couldn't kind of do these tonnage deals and pick -- just pick up a bunch of sort of free money. What is your view of those deals that have gone on and...
Chase Carey: What do you mean -- I'm not sure. When you say tonnage, what do you mean by tonnage?
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: The big parts of libraries that have been relatively well exploited, but there's still a market in the online video distribution sector.
Chase Carey: You mean like the Netflix deals?
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Right.
Chase Carey: Okay. I think in many ways, libraries have been under exploited. I mean, it's probably one of the positives about Netflix, realistically what I would like to see more of these, and I think the digital world will create more of these. I mean, I think our library product has been up an underexploited asset. I think Netflix has actually provided some truly incremental value for libraries, where you actually have product that probably -- if there hadn't really been a viable market for that all of a sudden there is a market for and I think as more of these digital platforms arise different shapes and forms. I think it provides an opportunity to capture real value off of the unique product that just didn't have appropriate outlets for it. I think it's one of the reasons why, I think, we're participating in that. We have a pretty clearly defined view of what we think is the type -- what is the type of product, what point should we sell it and I think what is the type of product and rights that we need to protect that should be sold, and what should be sold in one place and what should be sold in a different place. And I think equally, when we do these deals, we want to make sure we maintain flexibility and control of our long-term destiny, and we're not doing deals that lock us into something we then regret. And so I think our priorities has been to try to take advantage if we can get fair value. If we can't fair value, we're not going to do it but be disciplined about our rights, take advantage of these emerging distribution platforms that are largely digital and make sure we maintain flexibility and control as these markets evolve. Because I think they will evolve, and I think you will have new and different opportunities. And so I think it pays to be -- to not grab a quick buck that may look like a quick buck today and not be quite as attractive a buck, literally, 12 to 18 months later.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Do you think we could expect you guys to be able to do a deal like we've seen from CBS or like we've seen from Disney with the expectation that it would be fairly not disruptive to all the other economics you enjoy for your content? I'm sorry, just for the quick follow-up, what has stopped you so far from doing those kinds of deals?
Chase Carey: Well, we've actually done some deals, so it's not -- we have, and again, that's what I was saying. I think we feel it's very important to have a clearly defined line between current -- the current product and library product, and we have a clear view on where that line exists. I think equally, we recognized that there is product that may end up being -- and I think increasingly, this will be the case with hit product that only goes one place or the other, not both, and you’ll end up finding important product that is bought -- and in some ways, some of these digital platforms are competing with sort of the more established linear platforms for rights. And as opposed to existing of both, they may exist in one place or the other. And so I think it’s why I talked about flexibility and discipline, but we have, we certainly have done deals. I wouldn’t call them tonnage deals. I think, they're deals which we think take advantage of the opportunity. It's certainly real revenue to us. But again, I think by adhering in a set of views that, as you said, protect and certainly recognize that we have networks and unique content that we need to manage and have ways that it distinguishes itself in the marketplace, distinguishes itself with unique content, distinguishes themselves with unique rights, whether that’s on a network side or a content side or a digital platform side.
Operator: And that will come from the line of James Mitchell, Goldman Sachs.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Could I ask a couple of questions on Europe? First of all, could you talk about advertising trends in Europe? You mentioned that U.K. and newspaper advertising in SKY Italia advertising revenue was down year-on-year. And then second, a broader question, when you look at your pay-TV platforms in Europe, do you feel they have the sets of rights to prevent online video interlopers eroding your contents advantage in terms of U.S. movies and U.S. TV series being distributed in Europe?
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, I think, Jim, I'm not sure, I have a whole lot on the ad front so I mean, the firms are...
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: No, I mean, the U.K.
David DeVoe: Advertising is down around mid- single digits in the quarter and the markets are a little bit soft.
Chase Carey: And in Italy, we clearly have some -- the economy is tough there but there are some headwinds on the ad side in the Italian marketplace as well. I think in terms of the digital rights and the like, I mean, in some ways, one of the benefits of these being emerging platforms is you really plan your business knowing those things are there. And I think in many ways, we look at them as a part of the mix, a part of the way, being a player in those things, not sort of viewing ourselves with any sort of limited four walls but being smart, intelligent. And it is, in some ways, the benefits in places like whether it's Italy, Germany, what have you. We're still in the early stages of growth in those marketplaces. And so it gives us the opportunity to plan and look at our business in a way that it doesn't look at it in too limiting a way. And I think in some ways, to their credit, sky in the U.K. has done a good job, and I think proven that they're going to take advantage of emerging technologies to continue to develop and build the business. And I think to their credit, Sky U.K. has done a really good job of building upon these emerging technologies and these newer platforms. In Germany and Italy, certainly our plans would be to continue to do that and take advantage of these things. So I think we've already announced some things in those markets that will take advantage of it.
Operator: And that comes from the line of Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: I have some for Dave on the quarter. I don't know if you wanted to give us the organic international growth at cable. I think you said it was 21%, affiliate; 18% ad. But I'd assume if you had the FX impact there.
David DeVoe: I don't think I gave it.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: No.
David DeVoe: I gave you total. I gave you growth with respect to the affiliate and advertising growth for the entire segment, including the U.S. businesses as well.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And I don't know if you do want to break out the losses associated with The Daily in the quarter and how we should think about that drag sort of over the next couple of quarters.
David DeVoe: Well, I think as Chase said, it's approximately $10 million in the quarter.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then may be lastly, Chase, just there was the recent Hawaii Five-O deal that TNT syndicated. It was reported to have rights, basically a block of Netflix-like services for that show while it was in the syndication, which I think just could last for many years. Just wondering, as a buyer of syndicated content, for example, like an FX, if you think that sort of a transaction makes sense, if it's -- worth paying up for that kind of exclusivity.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, if I -- as a buyer on the FX side, I would increasingly certainly look at FX as a [indiscernible]. I think about it as a competing network, whether it's competing with HBO, competing with an FX or -- and I think if you're buying, if you're looking at premium property, I mean, I think exclusivity matters. And I think it’s critical. So I think it will become very much a part of the mix as channels go forward. And if you have something that -- if you're going out to unique properties that are going to be a part of defining your network or distinguishing your network, I think controlling all those rights and getting exclusivity I think will be critically important. And certainly, for us at FX, it is our -- it's been a part of our strategy already in place, and we have been -- as we've been acquiring rights, if we’re acquiring key rights, we’re acquiring rights to control the Netflix type rights, so we’re not competing against them. So not quite as -- like as I've said, not only is it important, we've in fact been doing it on rights we acquire that are key properties.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Barton Crockett, Lazard Capital Markets.
Barton Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: I wanted to ask if you could address a report about potential interest at News in joining a consortium to bid for Formula 1. And even if you can't address that particular thing, just talk more generally about the question of ownership of sports given the escalating cost of sports rights and the importance of that on TV. Does it make sense to think about going back to a day where you own more leagues, own more teams as a way to protect your television properties?
Chase Carey: On the Formula 1 specifically, there's not really a lot -- you're going to add to what we said. I think as we did say, it’s really at an exploratory stage. It’s not clear where it goes. We're talking at about forming a consortium. So clearly, it is very early days. I won’t repeat too much because I think a few minutes I ago talked about essentially the importance and value of sports rights and recognize certainly the complexities that come with cost. I think it’s difficult to make a leap and say that because it’s dealing with a cost that you want to try and be in an ownership role, I think you sort of got to deal with each one of those on -- deal with each situation on its own merits. I mean, obviously places certainly in the U.S. where you've got 32 NFL teams or colleges. You're not going to acquire -- that it obviously is just not realistic from the get go, but I think you want to be -- this world is certainly continuing to change and evolve. I think you want to be innovative and open minded about ways to try to deal with key unique rights. And I don't think that rules anything out, but I don’t think you can sort of have a one size, fits all strategy, get up and say you're going to pursue things, everything this way or that way. I think you sort of have to -- you have to deal with each opportunity in its own merits, and what -- make a judgment about what's the best way forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Finnigan, Wedbush Securities.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: It's actually James Dix for Max. Just 2 questions. You basically reaffirmed now your guidance you gave at the beginning of the year for operating income growth. I just want to know whether there are any variations in terms of how the segments are tracking for the year, any ones which are -- which seem to be standing out and your expectations, particularly interested in your view on cable. And then secondly, just following up on the sports topic, do you think strategically you have an advantage in going after sports or being flexible in how you go after them by having both broadcast and cable networks in the U.S.? Or do you think that's -- it would be just as easy for competitors to build a consortium and split up games, for example, like how Turner did with CBS?
David DeVoe: On the guidance, we're expecting -- I mean, cable is just continuing to grow as it has all year, it's doing great. We're expecting a strong fourth quarter out of both FBC and in our television stations. As I said before, both Film and the Television Production business is going to have a good fourth quarter, and you'll see SKY Italia rebound in the fourth quarter as well. So there's not -- there's any significant changes from how the business has been operating. And for that, maybe you'll see Publishing, which has down quarter for a variety of reasons because of -- partly because, as I mentioned, because of the marketing, partly because of the weakness in Australia, in our business in Australia. But you will we'll see that rebound in the fourth quarter. So the business is looking very strong.
Chase Carey: And I think in terms of sports and having, I guess, a network of multiple outlets, yes, I mean, I think having multiple outlets is critically important. I mean, I think the fact that we have in this country broadcast networks, cable networks, regional networks, I think it's tremendously important. As you look at a franchise therefore and components of it, digital obviously is going to become a part of that and increasingly a part of that, too. And internationally, as we said, we got unique dimensions to our businesses there. But I think having those platforms gives you an ability to take rights that may have different ways to be exploited in each one of those and make sure you can maximize both the value for us to achieve the things these sports and leagues, teams, conferences want to achieve. So yes, I think without question, having a breadth of outlets and expertise is tremendously important to being able to maximize the value of these key sports rights.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Mike Morris, Davenport.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: Two quick questions. One, as you head into the upfront this year, can you talk about how you approach a new program, like the X Factor, that has the potential, I think, to be a big hit? And how do you sell that? Do you hold some of that back? How can you leverage what -- I would think you would hope to be on American Idol type of product given that you don't have much insight into the ratings on it yet? And then second, just over at Publishing, can you talk about how much of the weakness in Australia may have been weather related? Do you have any indication what that is if any of its kind of maybe more onetime in nature, that will be helpful?
David DeVoe: I mean, it's really difficult. I mean, listen, there's no question we're affected particularly in the Brisbane and Queensland area, but it's very hard for us to quantify. I think it's more affected by the slowdown in the economy, particularly in the retail trades in sort of the business.
Chase Carey: And I think in terms of X Factor, we're very excited about X Factor and you could be assured we will have very unique strategies on how to sell and maximize that. But typically, we don't share those publicly. I think those are the types of things we plan to keep to ourselves and use to our advantage. But we're excited about having it, and we believe we can do some very exciting things with it.
Reed Nolte: Operator, now we'd like to go to the press part of the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Peter Ryan, Australian Broadcast.
Peter Ryan: Chase, I just wanted to ask a question about events of the recent days. I mean, what's the News Corporation outlook both financially and also I guess editorially given the killing of Osama Bin Laden. Does that change News Corp.'s view of the world as opposed especially given the resilience of the FOX News Channel over the past 10 years?
Chase Carey: I don’t think it’s – I mean, it sold a lot more papers and certainly looked pretty an event to people. We're tremendously important to people and I think give everybody appropriately a lift. But yes, I think that if you're talking sort of really the challenges and issues, the economy and sovereign debt, maybe the macroeconomic issues that are out there in the world, I don't think that -- I think it's tough to sort of say that event leads to have a differing view about what are the risk challenges or what step – what's the future look like in these economies.
Operator: And that comes from the line of Georg Szalai, Hollywood reporter.
Georg Szalai: Chase, I wanted to ask if there's any reaction to the National Association of Theatre Owners asking that you guys release premium VOD sales data, and I was wondering how you guys think about how you really evaluate the success of premium VOD, what time frame do you envision to figure out whether that's something that works and how will you evaluate the success?
Chase Carey: It is a, let's see, it is a test. We're in the very early stages. We had one small film. I don't know that I've got a specific set of here's [ph] the point in time that we make a judgment about it. I think in some ways, it's obviously -- I understand there's -- there are concerns about it. Look, the theatrical market is a very important market to us. It is essentially the market that sets the pace for our film industry. And we don't -- we think it's an opportunity for some films and certainly, it has set all the films for us to create a window that is appropriate for our segment. We don't think it's a big segment. I think in some ways -- I think part of what we're trying to do is set a value for our product as it moves down the chain. I mean, I do think one of the fundamental problems we've got out there is sort of the fact that we ended up in $1 rentals five or six months after theatrical release and that just our product that doesn't work. I mean, that undervalues our product to an extent that it makes no sense. So we've got to build appropriate values and windows into our business. But certainly, the theatrical business is second to none in importance to us, and I think we're going to go forward, we're going forward with this carefully and we'll judge it as we get some data and get some experiences. But I don't have a sort of point in time, date in time or a formula by which we're plugging it in to judge it.
Unknown Analyst - : Will you guys share some data with NATO?
Chase Carey: Look, I think it's probably good for all of you to understand this. I mean, I don't -- I actually didn't know what request has been made, so I hadn't actually heard the specific request, but I think we feel it's important perfectly to understand what's happening out there.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of the Staci Kramer, paidContent.
Staci Kramer - Paidcontent.org: Chase, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about your digital publishing strategy right now and whether you're looking at do more along the lines of The Daily, taking it outside of the U.S. and what other areas you're looking at in terms of converting some of your properties to pay online properties?
Chase Carey: I think -- I mean, I hope and I expect and unless we go through making sure your armor goes through a budget process now like every one of our -- realistically, every one of our franchises should have a digital extension to their business. I mean, that's the world we're in. So whether it's news, sports or entertainment or sort of what's traditionally video or print. And obviously, some of those things blend together and become a multimedia, I mean, a large play in many ways become a multimedia product. We've got to be developing extensions for all those, in all those places. And so I think in every one -- and obviously, to some degree, every one of them is doing some version of it today. Some of it's more straightforward like The Times or The Post that are putting a -- creating an iPad version of the printed product, and in some places, it will be product that is more expanded and tailored to the digital world and takes advantage of interactivity and again the ability to more put together multiple experiences and sort of The Daily is pushing towards integrating, new technologies and 360 video and moving video inside a printed product. But each and every one of our businesses has to be figuring how do they create those, how do they participate. And sometimes it's working with others in terms of their digital sites, in many ways, just develop our extensions digitally of our brands, content and franchises.
Staci Kramer - Paidcontent.org: Can you say what kind of conversion rate you're seeing from Daily free downloads and trials to subscriptions?
Chase Carey: I'm sorry I didn't hear the front end of the question.
Staci Kramer - Paidcontent.org: Can you say what kind of conversion rate The Daily is having some free trial downloads to actual paying subscriptions and whether...
Chase Carey: No. I mean, we're like, we're about a month into this. In many ways, we're not going to build this in a fishbowl. I mean, I think we recognized there -- it's a work in progress. It's an experiment in many ways in terms of developing and finding what consumers like and what things really work and how do we improve it. But we're not going to give -- I think that sort of detailed information is not something that we're going to share in public or probably putting out publicly at this point.
Staci Kramer - Paidcontent.org: Along those lines, maybe this isn't that detailed, could you say whether you see the people are preferring to pay weekly or are they preparing an annual subscription?
Chase Carey: Like in many ways, and part of this is sort of working through in a lot of these platforms where they're still trying to figure out the subscription process. So there's a lot of moving parts here that ends up being part of that -- part of what you've got is so many digital platforms and what -- the tablets are obviously, as we said, in many ways they're in their infancy. So it's more complicated than that. And you sort of got a good deal with not only what you want to do, but what can the market handle and what are the various players in the market say they're capable of doing. So there are a lot of moving parts to this, and then I think it will be a very different business a year from now. And two years from now, it will be a very different business than it was a year earlier. So it's going to continue to evolve.
Reed Nolte: At this point, we're out of time. Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. And if you have any further questions, please call us in New York.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Today's conference was recorded for replay. If you wish to access that replay system, you can dial into the 1 (800) 475-6701. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844, and the conference access code for today's call is 198808. The conference will be available until May 18, 2011.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-02-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Reed Nolte - Investor Relations David F. DeVoe - Senior Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer Chase Carey - Deputy Chairman President and Chief Operating Officer 
Analysts:  Michael Nathanson - Nomura Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse Jason Bazinet - Citigroup James Dix - Wedbush Staci Kramer - ContentNext Brian Stelter - New York Times Robert Andrews - paidContent Andrew Edgecliffe - Financial Times Georg Szalai - Hollywwod Reporter  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you standing by, and welcome to the News Corp. Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release. (Operator Instructions) I’d now like to turn the conference over to Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, News Corporation. Please go ahead.
Reed Nolte: Thanks very much, operator. Hello everyone and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2011 earnings conference call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. First, we will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter. Then we’ll be happy to take your questions first from the financial community and then from the press. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the three months ended December 31, 2010, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. And these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements included in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, the definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call such as adjusted segment operating income, adjusted earnings per share and adjusted net income are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of segment operating income and the EPS and net income reconciliation is included in our earnings release. And with that I’ll turn it over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Reed, thank you, and good afternoon everyone. As you all have seen in today’s earnings release, we’re pleased with our continued progress in fiscal 2011. We reported second quarter segment operating income of $1.29 billion, a 6% increase over year ago levels when excluding last year's $500 million litigation charge. This improvement was led by the continued strong growth at our Cable Programming and Television segments that more than offset a difficult comparison at Filmed Entertainment and higher losses at the Digital Media Group. During this year’s second quarter, the company recorded a $275 million pre-tax charge related to the impairment of assets in an organizational restructuring at Myspace. Also in the most recent quarter, the company recorded pre-tax losses from the disposition of certain businesses including Jamba and the Fox Audience Network, Internet ad-sales group. Excluding the net income effect in both years of one-time items principally consisting of the items just mentioned as well as the litigation settlement charge last year, second quarter adjusted earnings per share this year are $0.29 compared with last year’s result of $0.25. The press release includes a reconciliation of our GAAP results to these amounts. This 16% adjusted earnings per share growth reflects the higher segment operating income, lower net interest expense from $1.9 billion less debt outstanding and modestly improved equity earnings from higher BSkyB contributions. Now, I would like to provide some additional context on the performance at a few of our businesses. Let’s first start with Cable, the Cable Networks. This segment continues to drive overall company results. This segment generates nearly 60% of News Corporation’s total segment operating income. Our second quarter Cable segment operating income increased 22% over last year to $735 million. This growth continues to be top line driven with segment revenues up 12%. Advertising revues at the Cable Networks increased 17% over year-ago levels and affiliate fees grew 11% reflecting particular strength at the Regional Sports Networks, FOX News and our international channels including Star. Keep in mind that our strong revenue and earnings growth was generated despite the adverse impact from a one-month blackout on the Dish Network of our Regional Sports Networks, FX and National Geographic Channels due to a distribution contract renewal dispute with EchoStar. While a new deal was successfully executed, the blackout reduced Cable segment operating income growth by about $30 million in the current quarter. At our film segment, second quarter operating income was a $189 million as compared to $324 million we reported a year-ago. This anticipated decline reflects the very successful worldwide home entertainment release of Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs, which is in last year’s results. As we look forward, keep in mind that close to 75% of Avatar’s record-breaking worldwide box office receipts were generated in last year’s March quarter. As a result, we will have a difficult comparison to the prior year and the current March quarter. At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $151 million increased by $122 million driven by top line growth at our television stations and our broadcast network. Our station revenues were up 20% in the quarter compared to a year ago reflecting significantly higher political spending and overall improved local advertising levels. Political spending was approximately $45 million higher this quarter than a year ago. After politicals, automotive advertising increases represented the next largest portion of our revenue growth. At FOX Broadcasting, we also showed improved results driven by advertising increases in both general entertainment and sports. Higher NFL ratings and stronger pricing more than offset weaker ratings and one fewer game from this year's less favorable World Series match up. These improvements at both the station and our network where despite lost ad sales and expenses related to the Cablevision blackout that reduced segment operating incomes by nearly $17 million. Turning to SKY Italia, recent financial and operational trends indicate that we're making good progress in restoring our growth trajectory and towards our next milestone of 5 million subscribers. In the quarter, segment operating losses improved 60% to $12 million from last year's loss of $30 million, resulting from higher revenue in local currency terms and lower basic programing and movie cost. Revenues increased about 2% at local currency as compared to the prior year’s quarter primarily due to the higher average subscriber base, which increased total subscription revenue, despite a slight decrease in our monthly ARPU. Our monthly ARPU in the quarter averaged approximately €42 as compared €43 in the year ago. This decrease reflects the migration of some existing subscribers among the new package choices that we announced over the summer. This slightly lower ARPU, which was anticipated and we are very pleased with the overall result to-date of the reorganized programming packages. In fact, this quarter’s gross additions totaled approximately 214,000 or 43% higher than gross additions a year ago. This improvement combined with 33% reduction [insurance] subscribers netted SKY Italia 71,000 additional subscribers. This sub growth represents the highest quarterly net additions in the last two years and SKY ended the quarter with approximately 4.87 million subs. At our Publishing segment, segment operating income of $380 million decreased $30 million from last year's second quarter, when excluding last year’s litigation settlement. Increased advertising revenues in all three of our major newspaper markets were more than offset by lower contributions at HarperCollins, costs associated with the investment in the Daily and the absence of the Dow Jones Index business, which was sold last March. The year ago results included about $17 [million] in the segment operating profit in the quarter from the Index business. And at our other segment, we reported a second quarter segment operating loss of $156 million, $31million higher than a year ago. This increased loss primarily reflects lower search and advertising revenues at MySpace. Partially offsetting this decline were improved operating results at Fox Mobile, which was sold in December, and higher contributions from our international outdoor business. And finally let me address our guidance for fiscal 2011, and as a reminder we measured this guidance excluding for fiscal 2010 the $500 million litigation charge resulting in a base of $4.46 billion in segment operating income for comparative purposes. In early November we reiterated guidance anticipating our segment operating income growth for fiscal 2011 to be in the low double-digit range above the $4.46 billion fiscal 2010 adjusted result. Since that time results at MySpace have been below our expectations and our new film releases were somewhat below our original expectations. On the other hand, our television cable segments continue to outperform our expectations due to the buoyant advertising markets and the recent retrans in cable affiliation agreements. As a result, after taking all these items into account and based on all of the assumptions inherent in our projections we’re maintaining our operating segment income guidance for fiscal 2011 to a growth rate range in the low double-digits above the fiscal 2010 adjusted result. And with that, I’d like to now turn the call over to Chase
Chase Carey: Thanks Dave. I’d like to spend a few minutes adding some operational context to the financial results Dave just discussed. Clearly we feel good about the quarter’s overall financial performance, but we feel even better about the progress we’re making in positioning our business for long-term growth. The largest driver in the most recent quarter namely the Cable and Broadcast channels earnings and the business momentum at Sky Italia, will not only help us deliver our segment operating profit growth target for the year but should also continue to be drivers of our earnings trajectory for several years to come. As Dave pointed out, our channels business consisting of both cable and broadcast is the lead engine powering current earnings. The operating momentum of our cable segment is underpinned by the multi-year distribution contracts already in place as well as a highly developed international expansion plan. Assuming a relatively stable advertising environment, this segment should continue delivering at least solid double-digit earnings growth for the next several years. Currently all of our local national and international TV businesses are benefiting from very strong advertising markets. However a longer term Cable Network growth is not relying on advertising increases, but rather is supported by unique competitive programming strength at virtually all our networks. The power of the local sports continues to drive momentum at our Regional Sports Networks where this year’s MLB baseball ratings finished up 9% compared to the previous seasons. And the Big 12 National Football package scored a 13% increase in ratings. And while the season is still early basketball ratings are up 13% compared to this point a year ago. At FX, this season’s Sons of Anarchy achieved the channel’s highest 18 to 49 ratings for any show in the channel’s 16-year history. And we just renewed for a forth season. FX ratings going forward will also benefit from a considerably stronger movie lineup. Additionally, with the new dish and Cablevision agreements, FX is now a fully distributed network reaching almost a 100 million homes. FOX News in the most recent quarter the CNN, MSNBC, CNBC and Headline News combined in Prime Time total viewers making it the number four channel across all of basic cable. And given the strength of the channel and its passionate viewership, we expect to get appropriate increases on the renewals we're coming up with all the major MSOs over the next few years. At Fox International channels with a majority of our 200 plus channels are in high-growth under penetrated markets, we have the scale and the expertise to more than double profits over the next few years generating $1 billion in operating profit income by fiscal 2015. And that $1 billion target does not include the rapidly escalating profits being generated at STAR India. Following a reorganization and rebranding a year ago, STAR is now on pace to deliver its highest annual profit ever. The growth of our business is not solely being driven by cable properties. It is also the result of a rapidly improving broadcast business here in the U.S. While we were pleased with the high-single digit ad pricing increases we achieved in the current seasons upfront, we’re delighted with the current strength of national scatter market. This advertising strength clearly reflects the potency of a broad audience delivered by high profile entertainment and no programming is more high profile than American Idol. We’re absolutely thrilled with its return, which has been received well, is performing well and continues to be the most dominant show on television. American Idol along with Glee and the X-Factor which premiers this fall provide a really powerful foundation for FBC’s future success. Equally significant for our broadcast business is the strength of Fox Sports. In fact, Fox Sports finished 2010 as the number one in sports networks for the 14th straight year. And the 2010 NFL on Fox regular-season was the most watched in Fox history. We have a great match for this weekend Super Bowl XLV. That set our expectations for this year's NASCAR performance and we’re tempered given last year’s ratings decline. We’ll have a better feel for that following the Daytona 500 race in two and half weeks. At a local level, our TV stations continue do a great job increasing their market share and driving cost efficiencies. Local advertising trends point to a growing and stable market ahead supported by sturdy auto, telecom and financial advertising demands. And as I mentioned in the last quarter’s earnings call, potential for the broadcast business or the fees we’re starting to collect from cable and satellite distributors that reflect the importance of our network to consumers. We have the retrans agreements in place with four of the larger distributors and that now have set the market for our broadcast business. As we continue to secure new agreements over the next couple of years, we will be taking this business to a whole new level of profitability. In fact with these distribution fees, we expect our U.S. broadcasting business including the stations and FBC to generate at least $1 billion in annual operating income within the next couple of years assuming relatively stable ad markets. While the Channel Business is our biggest growth driver today, we’re equally bullish about our international pay-TV platforms. In Italy through technology leadership, effective marketing and new pricing and programming offers implemented last summer we’ve rejuvenated this business. As Dave mentioned, SKY Italia just achieved its highest level of quarterly subscriber net additions in the last eight quarters through a combination of higher gross ads and lower churn. In Germany, the most recent operational trends suggest the management team they are taking the right actions by leveraging a powerful combination of content and technology leadership to capitalize on this significant market opportunity. In mid-January, Sky Deutschland pre-announced a number of December quarter operating metrics showing considerable improvement. They added 131,000 net additional subscribers in the quarter with gross additions of 24% from the same quarter ago and their lowest annualized churn rate in 21 quarters.
, : Before I move off beyond our platform business, I should also mention that we’re currently working through the regulatory process towards a full acquisition of BSkyB, but at this time there's nothing more. I can’t add to what's already been reported in the press. On our content side, our TV studio is doing great. As I said last quarter Modern Family is on course to generate the largest per cycle sales in history. Glee ranks as the number one scripted series on TV and continues to grow and we have a great set of pilots, we’re looking forward to across the four networks for the coming season.
 : Before I move off beyond our platform business, I should also mention that we’re currently working through the regulatory process towards a full acquisition of BSkyB, but at this time there's nothing more. I can’t add to what's already been reported in the press. On our content side, our TV studio is doing great. As I said last quarter Modern Family is on course to generate the largest per cycle sales in history. Glee ranks as the number one scripted series on TV and continues to grow and we have a great set of pilots, we’re looking forward to across the four networks for the coming season.
 : Also in the Content side, I would like to take a minute to touch on our new digital news product for Daily, which we formally announced earlier today after which Rupert is still providing some briefings as we speak. I think this is exactly the type of initiative we should be pursuing to take advantage of the digital revolution. We should be leaders in using our content strengths and brands to build extensions of these for the new wave of digital platforms and technologies. The digital revolution craves our content brands and we need to focus our efforts on being leaders in developing digital businesses for our News, Sports and Entertainment franchises around the world. That leads me to my final topic, MySpace. We recently completed a rebuild of the business with a focus on entertainment and restructure the organization to right size of the company. With a new content focus and structure in place, we believe now is the right time for News Corp. to consider strategic options for this business. The new MySpace experience has been very well received by the market and we have some encouraging traffic metrics in the last several weeks. However, we recognize that the plan to allow MySpace to reach its full potential maybe best developed under a new ownership structure and we are evaluating those strategic alternatives. In summary, I feel we are on the right track with virtually all of our businesses and have the critical building blocks in place to generate long-term earnings growth and value in this fast moving digital world. Thanks. Now we’re happy to take your questions.
 : Also in the Content side, I would like to take a minute to touch on our new digital news product for Daily, which we formally announced earlier today after which Rupert is still providing some briefings as we speak. I think this is exactly the type of initiative we should be pursuing to take advantage of the digital revolution. We should be leaders in using our content strengths and brands to build extensions of these for the new wave of digital platforms and technologies. The digital revolution craves our content brands and we need to focus our efforts on being leaders in developing digital businesses for our News, Sports and Entertainment franchises around the world. That leads me to my final topic, MySpace. We recently completed a rebuild of the business with a focus on entertainment and restructure the organization to right size of the company. With a new content focus and structure in place, we believe now is the right time for News Corp. to consider strategic options for this business. The new MySpace experience has been very well received by the market and we have some encouraging traffic metrics in the last several weeks. However, we recognize that the plan to allow MySpace to reach its full potential maybe best developed under a new ownership structure and we are evaluating those strategic alternatives. In summary, I feel we are on the right track with virtually all of our businesses and have the critical building blocks in place to generate long-term earnings growth and value in this fast moving digital world. Thanks. Now we’re happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura:
 :
Chase Carey: When you say reverse retrans, you mean with the affiliates?
Michael Nathanson - Nomura: Yeah, exactly. So how much of that billion or so is coming from those two new revenue lines?
Chase Carey: Yeah, I mean its revenue and I guess it’s a little bit, I mean the billions of profit numbers. Obviously retrans is a revenue so, but probably not going to specific dollar on it, there has been a fair amount out there about how what we are looking to get for it. So that’s sort of the speculation speak for itself. Yeah, I think we’ve got, I think we’re pretty well sort of defined the market for us in terms of the O&O. The affiliate side is probably, we are more actively engaged in right now. Well, I guess its big numbers. This is certainly, it’s hundreds of millions of dollars. It change with the nature of this business. And in many ways, I think that broadcast network should look like a cable network and it should have two real meaningful streams of revenue, subscription and advertising as we look for this to be a significant part of the revenue for that broadcast business.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura: And what type of follow-up in there, what type of ad growth is assumed to get to a billion OI and when you said modest ad growth, is it between low-single digit growth element? 
Chase Carey: Yes, we’re assuming a pretty mean growth. I think our view of the economy right now would probably be, you’ve got sort of a pretty low growth economy and obviously look at the short-term the ad market, right. We’re sitting here with scatter pricing that is more than a third of the up front and we’re not assuming that we’re assuming, you’re going to have an ad market that is pretty modest growth that sort of reflects an economy that I think we do assume right now is pretty modest growth.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen, Bank of America. Please go ahead
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Hi, I have two questions. One was just sort of a follow on to Michael question. Could you give me some color Chase on advertising really across the platforms? It sounds like there is strength pretty much on every platform in every market and I was just wondering if you can give us some color going into the March quarter? And then secondly can you talk to us about, just give us your views on TV Everywhere? Do you think it’s important for your channels to participate and where are you in deals?
Chase Carey: On the advertising markets, it is really strong. I mean seriously TV is leading and I guess I would say National TV in particular. So when you look at the broadcast network and when I touched the scatter the Cable Networks and right now Cable, second half growth looks stronger than the first half growth. And so it is certainly very good. It is good in the station side. The comps get tougher in the station side. So year-on-year we’re not going to have the type of year-on-year growth in the second and the third quarter that we did in the first two. But it's really good solid growth and really across the broadcast platforms ad revenues, I mean across the newspaper be it both Dow Jones, UK, Australia are all up. They are not up like the TV business but it’s double-digit. But they’re, I think that they’re up and it’s getting to look pretty good. And obviously we have the Super Bowl on top of it falling in on Sunday.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.: And the international cable network?
Chase Carey: And the what?
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.: International cable network?
Chase Carey: I mean international, yeah international it’s somewhat higher than the domestic. So, the International Networks on pretty almost any front you want to look at are doing great. And I think that the fact we have this quarter and observe the fight with EchoStar and the fights with Cablevision which were both lax in the quarter and come out with those results, that affected both profits, ad dollars and the like as it speaks to the strength of the businesses. But the International Cable Networks would be leading it and certainly there is nothing seems to be anything slowing it down as we look at the second half of the year. What did you say the second…
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: It was on TV Everywhere, just on your views on where you are?
Chase Carey:  I think it's again, I prefer to call it authentication because I think it's a better price I think it sort of as you move forward into an array of digital platforms, how you package it and create value out of it. So I think it's a good thing, I think it's a bit of a, it has struggled to get going. I think to some degree it’s been encumbered by a cable industry that tries to create too many walls around it. I think if, it is going to be enhanced a bit. It was approached in a more open like where it had a more of an opportunity for an array of digital platforms to consist in an authenticated world. And I think it will be a good thing if we get some traction. But do I think its, but it’s got a, like at the end of the day its success is going to be built on making it a good experience for the consumers and if you turn to find other options which is like I think cable industry ought to sort of, the cable satellite industry just about, the distribution industry ought to find a way to make it more open and enticing and appealing and an opportunity for consumers and what does it do a good job and succeed, because then if they, consumers are going to migrate to where to the experiences they value and like. But I think authentication is an important initiative and something we'd like to see succeed even it’s a little frustrating, it’s been talked about for two years and still hasn’t yet gotten very far.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks.
Chase Carey: Next question please.
Operator: The next comes from Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: Thanks so much. You know I think I’m just going to follow up on Jessica’s question, if that’s okay. You just said, Chase an array of digital platforms, are you referencing the potential to license your cable networks down line aggregators, or are you just really talking about shows and movies and the opportunity to monetize them in different windows?
Chase Carey: No, I mean authentication I'm really talking about sort of the ability to going to have that sort of add on to the core programming package of wherever it come from, what you want to see, when you want to see it, you know, where you want to see it. And provide that experience and provide it in a rewarding way and I think that rewarding way isn’t simply saying you can see it on cablecompany.com or fox.com and that’s your only two choices as opposed to saying, you can get that type of experience in an array of places. But I am really talking about this sort of the enhanced experience what you think is authenticate. And authentication is about, it’s adding the enhanced experience of getting what you want, where you want, when you want it on top of the core-programming package.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: Is your vision for the next few years at the current cable satellite distribution in ecosystems stays in place when it comes to your live channels?
Chase Carey: Yeah, I don’t assume it like, I truly believe the value of that, I understand that we have to take less, the value what they get in that package is fabulous. I think the breadth of what you got there is unique when it covers sort of from sports to news, to entertainment and the like. And I think in American households today live on it, maybe not every 23 year old understand, but I think it is kind of everything to see about it. Any of the noise about the pressures today I think are really economically driven at a tough time when you have people struggling with unemployment rate where it is that have to make in a very difficult and the trade-offs in the day-to-day life, but I think the value for this package and the importance of it, has real legs to it.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: And then I’m just intrigued by you comment at second half Cable Network growth looks stronger than the first half, is it fair to say then that March quarter domestic ad pacing for cable networks could be accelerated for what we just saw in the December quarter?
Chase Carey: Yeah, and first it's not doubling, I mean it’s strong, I mean it's not, right now it feels its not stronger so I wouldn’t, it's not like it exploded in the second half, but it's not stronger than it was in the first half.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: Not stronger, is good news. All right, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you, good afternoon. Chase I just want to take up a little bit more on how you are thinking about monetizing the content at Fox in particular? Disney did a deal with Netflix and I think the press reports were sort of $150 million to $200 million for a year’s worth of programming and I’d argue most of that value if that number is close to right and it accrues to ABC, so how do you feel about that kind of a deal with Fox just in terms of making prior season shows available online and whether it's Netflix or Fox.com or Hulu? There’s been that argument from the Turner folks that Modern Family being available on Hulu made it less attractive for them. Just wanted to get your thought process and strategy on using these platforms to built value at Fox’s TV studio and at the network?
- Morgan Stanley: Thank you, good afternoon. Chase I just want to take up a little bit more on how you are thinking about monetizing the content at Fox in particular? Disney did a deal with Netflix and I think the press reports were sort of $150 million to $200 million for a year’s worth of programming and I’d argue most of that value if that number is close to right and it accrues to ABC, so how do you feel about that kind of a deal with Fox just in terms of making prior season shows available online and whether it's Netflix or Fox.com or Hulu? There’s been that argument from the Turner folks that Modern Family being available on Hulu made it less attractive for them. Just wanted to get your thought process and strategy on using these platforms to built value at Fox’s TV studio and at the network?
Chase Carey: I think for content owners having players like Netflix emerge and certainly has real pop to it to the sense they are another buyer of our product. And I think that’s largely with somebody like, I just think with Fox.com which is like the I think it’s the line is soft of currencies and products which is really more where the fox.com reside and sort of a delayed access to current product which is different than sort of the, where the Netflix (Inaudible) which is more what I consider library product. I mean product and with the effort and they may all, obviously those things can change but I do think they are different and to the degree Netflix is like a deal item.
 : And I think probably channels like to say if I’m going to pay a lot of money for Modern Family I want to buy it upright but it’s not showing up on a competing platform. At least I know what it is for adjusting my value and I think for us as a buyer because we’re a buyer as well in FX, I would not be buying reruns, indication rights to a an expensive piece of programming and letting it go reside on Netflix for 20 million copies up. Yeah I think that’s, the place they reside it is, I think how I look at it. We have to make sure that we’re getting fair value for our product. We shouldn’t be selling it cheap and I think at times people have sold their products cheap. I think the Star’s deal with Netflix is probably the ultimate example of product being sold beyond cheap. And I think we can get fair value for our products. There are other buyer for our product and other medium for our product.
,:
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Richard Greenfield, BTIG. Please go ahead.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: 
 :
Chase Carey: Yeah, on the movie side, I guess early windows specifically electronic distribution I guess more broadly and I think it’s very important for us. I think the early window, its not 30 days, its 60 days I think is an important opportunity for us to create something that isn’t, it is a different experience. I think it’s different than the theatre. Theatrical side is important to us. We need to make sure we protect the strengths of that. But I think that window to get it properly priced and it’s something, I think it’s something you’ll see in short-term and certainly I think the first half of this year you’ll see people moving forward there. I think the broader electronic distribution is equally important. I think we need to make sure, if you ask me the most attractive part of it is we can price our product and looking at, price experience in a way that gets us fair value and I don't think sort of whatever short-term windows that get us a dollar a rental is fair value for our product and these electronic distribution platforms enable us to get there and to put appropriate pricing, fair pricing on our product in various windows. So I think we should be aggressively developing these distribution platforms. RSNs, a strike is always tough to sort of, you don’t know it’s going to last, A, is it going to happen, is it going to last a day, is it going to last a month, is it going to last what have you. So I don’t think it’ll last forever, so you're not making, there are limits down much you could really make plans for something that probably as a realistic outside to it that isn't that long. Basketball's important to us, I think we try to do we could, whether it means next college games or things we could go after and we try to mitigate it, but we’re not in these, so we hope these strikes don't happen. We hope already they reach settlements. But I think as we get some little visibility and predictability at the time, you sort of probably do what you can in the very short term to mitigate, but stuffed up that’s really makes significant plans and given just the nature of the uncertainty around it.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:  And Chase, when you talk about digital rights or the value of digital rights, how do you think about your current relationship with the content you saw both TV and movies to networks for a streaming platform, we’ve heard a lot from other executives talking about has affected all deals maybe one done with the proper values, is that kind of you are thinking of, how do you think about how you’re going to deal with networks and how soon can you renegotiate with them?
Chase Carey: Well, we've been pretty judicious on what we've done with them, first our movie program really, we're not one of the seriousness more aggressive and I think even our TV products are pretty limited. So I think they’ve grown enough probably anybody who did a deal with them, to their credit, they did a deal and probably have exceeded everybody's expectations on growth. So probably very few deals you get them saying, predict the same growth they’ve had. So probably made them, good for them, but in all honesty our deals we've been pretty judicious and I think we value our products highly.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Chase Carey: Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of James Mitchell with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you for taking my question. SKY Italia had a very strong gross net ad trends in the quarter. Were there any unusual factors helping growth in the quarter other than the prior re-tiering, and how do you feel about subscriber growth at SKY Italia in calendar '11 without the World Cup? 
Chase Carey: First there was nothing unusual in the quarter. Yeah, I think we’ve sort of talked about little bit about middle of the calendar year that we had digested in the prior time a number of events and I think we got our footing and you can have some packages and made some adjustments to the fact we can’t buy ad time on media that will sell ad time and the like and got our mojo back and sort of I think they have done a good job and look we got a better package. We got the offerings that should be the dominant one there. And I think they’re doing good things and I expect that momentum to continue. And I think our focus right now is really on growing the business. This is a country still that is not, is still sort of third penetrated in terms of pay. It’s got a lot of growth left in the market and we think it's important at this point in time, that sort of where is the focus is to take share. And we’ve got to manage all lines, but I think it’s a real opportunity for us to what, to do that. And hopefully, Dave mentioned 5 million sub milestones, but it’s a big country that loves TV. So we feel great about the long-term future of this business.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot.
Chase Carey: Next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, very much. Two questions, first could you talk a little bit about how the local stations grew revenue in December post political and how they’re pacing in the first quarter versus the impact of political? And second, could you talk a little about that you are now half way though the year that Myspace restructuring is in process. What do you think is embedded in your guidance kind of a base case expectation for Myspace losses for the year or earnings? Thanks.
Chase Carey: I think in terms of the TV stations, there are some ups and down, you look at this quarter on pages, we didn’t have the BCFs, we do have the Super Ball in the third quarter, I think third quarter, we’re looking at pacings that are probably low-double digits as pacing what was on Myspace. Again, I think like our focus is going to be really said on the strategic options, I think if you look at it financially.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: You’re not going to show a very large improvement.
Chase Carey: Yeah. Now I think anything financially be a bit better than the first half, but not, while it’ll be better than the first half but I think our focus is really set on pursuing the strategic options for it.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Diclemente, Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital: Thank you. Just been listening to the conversation about monetizing content, I'm wondering, Chase, how does Hulu fit into your vision of monetizing Fox content? You had mentioned I'm just wondering if you still view Hulu as a mechanism to get fair value. And then as a second question, we keep hearing from other studios like Warner Bros and CBS that the TV syndication market continues to be a robust market in terms of value. Just wondering if you're seeing that, and then in your mind, what are really the true drivers of that improvement in the TV syndication market? Thank you.
Chase Carey: No, for sure. Hulu, they’ve done a great job and they continue to grow. I think they have launched a subscription dimension to it. We think that's an important dimension. I think we are believers in dual revenue stream. So it adds up, I think it adds a dynamic, provides opportunities. And I think the digital marketplace is going to continue to evolve and I think Hulu has created a fabulous brand. I think they’ve done a great job creating a great experience. Obviously, they can speak for themselves, so I’m not going to speak too much about their strategy, but I think they’ve developed an enormous following and set of fans and I think we’re well-positioned to continue to take advantage of these emerging digital marketplaces, but it looks like the dual revenue I think are important for them and built on content, so it's important for us. I think what we're going to try to continue to make sure is we feel our content's being, again, I'll use the same phrase properly monetized in all those digital models including Google.
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital: Okay, fair enough.
Chase Carey: TV generates, you mean that the content owner selling in the syndication market? Were you just taking about the strength in that regard?
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital: Yeah, just talking about…
Chase Carey: I guess I talked about Modern Family. I guess we would [second] (inaudible) Modern Family I think will be the highest first cycle show ever sold into the marketplace and I think what's driving it is that we have good shows. I mean, I think as people get more and more choices, I think where you get hurt is if you're sort of chopped liver in the middle and if you got hits, I think the value it hits is bigger than ever. You’ve got the NFL or American Idol, Glee, the ability and owner of Modern Family is not always the owner network but when you have those types of shows they have extraordinary value, importance, and power. And I think TV continues to prove itself as a sort of something of importance to consumers and value advertisers second to none. I mean you look at the ad market, as I said, on these national broadcaster cable networks, demand from an advertising perspective is incredible. And I think it shows the power of television, power to importance to consumers or the power to advertisers. And if you guy hit shows that stand out in a world of 200 channels, it's value.
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital: Well let me ask it this way. Is that value increasing because of the emergence of new digital networks and services, like over the top networks, or in spite of them?
Chase Carey: And I guess, yeah, I'm not sure, you could argue both, I think it’s like the TV and sort of go back of a value of a bundle. I mean, I could argue and I would argue today, the TV experience is a much richer one and much more rewarding one for consumers who get choice all the time in an array of things more ways to access the products, more technologies get put out there, so I think it is sort of it is a richer experience but I think equally you could end up saying it's sort of hits. As you get more choice, the hits just become more unique and more important but and I probably argue probably either. I’d argue it from the left or the right, it’s sort of a glass half full, glass half empty I think.
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jolanta Masojada, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. Chase, I wondered if you could talk through the economics of The Daily. What's the total investment, when are you looking for it to achieve break-even, and what are the implications for your newspaper strategy more broadly?
Chase Carey: I’m sorry I did miss the last one though. What was your last question?
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Well, the last part is what are the implications of The Daily launch for your newspaper strategy in other markets?
Chase Carey: Okay. Guess the last part first. The Daily's not a newspaper product. It's a news product. We're in the news business, just as Fox News is in the news but I think the [incentive] today is the launch of this. It's a news product that’s taking advantage of a new technological platforms, the tablet or the iPad and I don't think you should think about it as sort of big part of our newspaper business or as part of our television business.
 : I'm not going to rule out sort of finding things in the dot com world, but I think for us the digital places we bring unique strengths or when we could take our brands and our expertise and our content and figure out how do you develop digital extensions or digital experiences based on the content brands that we have and we’ve got fabulous ones around the world. And I think one of great things about these digital platforms which will get to the back is, realistically you can create them, in a whole different at a pretty modest level of investment in the whole different scale, because you don't have all the other thing that go with it, I mean you don’t have, compared to newspapers, you don’t have paper distribution returns and the rest in lot of the infrastructure that goes with all these businesses. I think that’s quite adamant on that but really about five hours into its launch I’m probably not going to put a break even day.
David F. DeVoe: I think what Rupert said today was, we're investing around $30 million in the first year. We have a run rate of about $500,000 of a week’s cost and breaking obviously will depend on how we do.
Chase Carey: I’ve seen that the leverage obviously in this is pretty good okay, in this case probably ups or down of today.
David F. DeVoe: By the response of it.
Chase Carey: Responds five hours in or four and a half hours is fabulous and exceeding our expectations.
David F. DeVoe: Okay.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Chase Carey: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: And a questions from Mr. Carey, you know you talked about retooling your businesses for a digital world, and its seems like there is a, maybe it’s not a new business, but it tweak to the existing industry practice that’s makes a lot sense to me, I just love to get your reaction, your affiliate fees are all charged on a per household basis, which makes it expensive for peoples who live alone to watch Television relative to families. It also sort of exposes you to piracy as you go down this authentication model, where people could sort of share passwords with one another, why wouldn’t be industry sort of move to an affiliate fee per connected device and sort of make TV more affordable for singles and extract more money from families with five TVs and three iPads and also sort of limit the piracy risk from this authentication model that’s emerging?
Chase Carey:  Well, I guess two different questions. I mean, I think on a per device range, I think actually in some degree, I mean like DirecTV that you do have, we don’t as a channel provider, but you take DirecTV, I think that you have a per device, because you need a set top box, so they can charge, so they can change you 5 or 6 bucks for, and I think actually cable guys, now they are moving to digital unless to an analog you just plug it in. They can call it a box fee or something, but there is an incremental – there is an increment at the consumer level for whether you have one, two, three or four TVs hooked up.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup:  I’m talking more on your cable networks business.
Chase Carey:
 : I’m not sure what’s your keys, I mean I don’t know that it makes it difference to the consumers since they are paying. So it’s really just through an open distributor just sort of gets a charge less in this way, but more this way. And if you get to the same place, I guess you went through a lot to get, I’m not sure where since their business model already contains it. I think piracy is probably a different, but probably trade is important for us. I think you talked about something like authentication and there’s no question. I think your early generations, if they never can get some traction, proper tractions, we will probably be imperfect to best, but I think it’s important to start to move and get to have it. And obviously you got to be user-friendly, easy to sign-in and easy to use and somebody and then figure out overtime you close the holes and you get too better and more. So I think people ultimately, you got to deal with piracy and the like, but it's a very good experience to have fair price and people who will pay their pricing. But I'm not sure the piracy, which has that, I don't see that as part of that per device, because that really is depended on the infrastructure to lever things and the like. I'm not sure, how you’re charging would change would address the piracy issue. As you move to these multiple platforms, like it’s going to…
David F. DeVoe: Yeah it’s going to be something, it's going to be work in progress.
Chase Carey: But I know it’s in service.
David F. DeVoe: Operator, I think we have time for one more analyst question before you go to the press.
Operator: Okay. And next question will come from the line of James Dix with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
James Dix - Wedbush: Good afternoon gentlemen. Two quick ones. Given that your international cable growth was so strong over ad growth of 27% in the quarter, operating growth, profit growth of 37%, is your expectation with that too can accelerate in the second half of the year, is there something which is going to cause that to moderate. And then just secondly, now that you are sit here at the midpoint of the fiscal year, is your expectation for the mix of operating income for the full year now more weighted to cable and TV or is there something in the seasonality for the second half that is what kind of your expectation for that mix growth probably unchanged versus when you’re originally gave your guidance? Thanks.
Chase Carey:
 :
David F. DeVoe: Yeah. And we’re not expecting any substantial changes in the operating income.
James Dix - Wedbush: Okay, thanks very much.
Chase Carey: Operator, I think it's a good time to switch over to the press community, if you could.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And first question from the press will come from Staci Kramer with ContentNext. Please go ahead.
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: Hi, Dave. I’m sorry I couldn’t make it today, but I wonder if you could just back to the daily financing for a second and clear out something, can you say what the first year expected costs and how the 30 million fits in?
David F. DeVoe: The first years expected cost is $30 million.
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: Okay.
David F. DeVoe: Approximately, okay. So $30 million.
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: All right. And then so within that is the half million a week?
David F. DeVoe: Yes, that’s correct.
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: All right.
David F. DeVoe: So you get more cost in the short period of year, because you got start up cost associated whether you got, marketing…
Chase Carey: We’ve been spending money when we’ve been (Inaudible).
David F. DeVoe: Yeah, we’re growing our product. But after it’s up and running, it’s 500,000 a week as I said, Mr. Murdoch point out today.
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: So that you expected to run $30 million for the first year or $30 million plus that?
David F. DeVoe: $30 million for our first fiscal.
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: Fiscal year.
David F. DeVoe: Fiscal year.
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: Okay.
Chase Carey: And that obviously doesn’t, that’s cost (Inaudible) so obviously we do certainly have revenue.
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: Okay. So when you come back at it and look at it, whether you can make a profit on it that $30 million will factor in, right?
David F. DeVoe: Yes, that’s going to give $500,000 a week a total cost.
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: Okay. I don’t mean if I’m dense about it. There has been a lot of numbers thrown around today and there are a lot of people interpreting them in different ways, so I appreciate you’re clearing.
David F. DeVoe: Does that make sense though?
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: I think, I think it does, you know, also there is some suggestion today from Mr. Murdoch on Fox Business Network that Apple might be willing to renegotiate the 30% split after the first year, is that something you can address further?
Chase Carey:
 :
Staci Kramer - ContentNext: Okay. Thanks.
Chase Carey: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Stelter of New York Times. Please go ahead.
Brian Stelter - New York Times: Well, thank you all. Is Fox considering withdrawing or reducing the amount of content on Hulu and can you reiterate your point of view toward Hulu, is it evolving?
Chase Carey: Yeah, I think I said before I think Hulu – I think that Hulu is continuing to evolve obviously that in some ways the launch of Hulu Plus is an evolution to add a new dimension to Hulu. And right now, we’re pretty much started dealing with Hulu the same way we historically have.
Brian Stelter - The New York Times.: But are you considering reducing the amount of content?
Chase Carey: (Inaudible) digital platform, you have to continue to evolve.
Brian Stelter - The New York Times.: So you may have to reduce the amount of content on it.
Chase Carey: No, I’d say we’re going to continue to deal with Hulu from a content perspective, consist the way we have.
Brian Stelter - The New York Times: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Andrews, paidContent. Please go ahead 
Robert Andrews - paidContent: Hi, thanks. So back to MySpace, you’ve mentioned that the company’s interest maybe best served with another owner. So if the company is (Inaudible) I wondered if you might try to comment on what climate will you have on best served MySpace interest and most of this they want probably MySpace could you provide to percentage of data.
Chase Carey: Not sure I got all that, but we’ll just try to interpolate on it. Yeah, there has been a lot of interest, because there has been some indication, we’re pursuing that path. In other words peruse all options that can range not just a sale, but it could be you know a sale could be an investor coming into it, it could be us staying with a restructured ownership structure with management. We just think in fresh perspective with given flexibility and opportunity to really get a new life is consistent with the re launch of the product end up right sizing up the cost. The interest to-date is ranged from A to Z, from industry players, financial players, to foreign to domestic and that’s without really being out there. It’s sort of incoming. We’re not soliciting anything at this point, but we think we’ll look at all of those. I'm not going to speculate on value. We think it's a business that has got a unique level of reach and while it’s in a restructuring place has proven, put forth a path that we think has a real future to it and that we think, it has an opportunity to really be something special, but we think we ought to put it in the right place to really maximize that opportunity. I think management, the senior management there is excited. I mean obviously there has been a lot of challenges for them, but I think really believe that I’m – that they can do something special. But I think there’s, the interest sort of ranges from A to Z.
Robert Andrews - paidContent: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Edgecliffe, Financial Times. Please go ahead.
Andrew Edgecliffe - Financial Times: Thank you. Chase, on SKY, can you tell us, are you still committed to that SKY deal after the political thing in London, and has SKY's recent strong performance changed your view on your initial 700 pence a share valuation at all?
Chase Carey: We believe and we continue to believe we made a full and fair offer and we are going to approach this in a disciplined manner. Our focus on it is on the regulatory process and we're trying to move forward with that. That's probably really all I've got on it at this point. 
Andrew Edgecliffe - Financial Times: Thank you.
Operator: And the final question we have in queue comes from the line of Georg Szalai with Hollywood Reporter. Please go ahead.
Georg Szalai - Hollywwod Reporter: Thank you. Chase, I was just wondering if you can give us some color on the expected timing on the Myspace decision and on the premium VOD movie launch. Is it both something that we should expect by mid-year or, can you give us some color there?
Chase Carey:  I think on MySpace we're actively engaged in pursuing those strategic options now. And I think as I said, I think, I think the, you know, early went [out], I think guess you something you see in the first half there.
Reed Nolte: Okay, well I think we’re out of time. Thank you everybody for joining today’s call and if you have any further questions, please calls us in New York.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, it thus conclude our conference for today. This is conference is available for replay. That replay will start tonight, starting at 6:30 East Time, and go through February 16 at midnight. You may dial the AT&T replay system by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 188-379. International participants may dial in to the United States, 320-365-3844 those numbers again 1800-475-6701 but the access code 188-379, International is 320-365-3844. And thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you standing by, and welcome to the News Corp. First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release. (Operator Instructions) I’ll now turn the conference over to Reed Nolte, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, News Corporation. Please go ahead.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2011 earnings conference call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. Rupert Murdoch will not be joining us today as he’s been traveling overseas. First, we will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, then we’ll be happy to take your questions. First from the financial community and then from the press. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2010, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. And these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found on our earnings release in our 10-Q filing. And with that I’ll turn it over to Dave.
David DeVoe: Reed, thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. As you all have seen in today’s earnings release, we are very pleased with our start of fiscal 2011. Our first quarter segment operating income increased 8% over a year-ago levels, led by the continuing strong growth at our Cable Programming, Television and Publishing segments that more than offset difficult comparisons at Filmed Entertainment. Net income for the quarter was $775 million, a 36% increase over the year ago results. Earnings per share also increased 36% to $0.30 this year from $0.22 reported a year ago. This strong net earnings growth was driven by the higher segment operating income, as well as improved earnings from affiliates, primarily at BSkyB led by gain from the sale of their Easynet business. Also included in this year’s first quarter result is a tax benefit of approximately $90 million or $0.03 per share related to the resolution of various tax items. You will note that affected this quarter, we have combined the previously reported Book Publishing, Integrated Marketing Services and Newspaper Information Service segments into a Publishing segment. This reporting change recognizes both the way we group these businesses and a smaller percentage of total earnings that these businesses now represent. Now, I’d like to provide some additional context on the performance of the two of our businesses. Let’s start with the Cable Networks, which is our largest profit generator and accounted for over 57% of News Corp.’s total segment operating income this quarter. This segment continues to drive overall company results, with first quarter segment operating income contribution of $659 million, this up 28% from last year and reflects double-digit growth of the majority of our channels. This growth continues to be top line driven, with segment revenues up 17%. Advertising revenues at the Cable Networks increased 20% over year-ago levels and affiliate fees grew 40%, reflecting particularly for strength at the Regional Sports Networks, FOX News and our international channels. The strength of our Cable Network franchise continues to grow. As Fox News in October, we drew more viewers than all of our news competitors combined. FX recently ranked as the number seven most popular cable channel among adults, 18 to 49. Ratings at the Big 10 networks have been setting records and our fastest earnings grower, the international channels including the Star, Fox and National Georgraphic-branded channels continue to expand and capitalize on particularly strong advertising markets, especially in India. At our Film segment, first quarter operating income was $280 million, a good result but as expected, well below the $391 million we reported a year ago. As we mentioned on the last quarter’s earnings call, this anticipated decline reflects the very successful worldwide theatrical release of Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs in the prior year’s result. Contributions from our television production businesses were up year-over-year, primarily reflecting the initial syndication release of two major shows, How I Met Your Mother and American Dad. At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $105 million increased by $67 million. This improvement was driven by strong revenue growth at our television stations, partially offset by modestly higher losses at the broadcast network from program cancellation costs. Station advertising revenues were up 22% in the quarter compared to a year ago; reflecting improved local advertising trends, particularly in the automotive, telecom and financial categories. Political revenues of $26 million were strong in the quarter and stayed healthy through yesterday’s election. Turning to SKY Italia. Revenues increased 2% in local currency terms, as compared to the prior year’s quarter, primarily driven by the subscriber upgrade tickets and advertising for the World Cup coverage. SKY Italia generated segment operating income of $82 million, which is down from last year’s $128 million result. This result primarily reflects right’s cost associated with full coverage of the World Cup and increase subscriber acquisition costs related to the combination of both higher gross additions and the higher takeout of our full installation offer. As mentioned on our last earnings conference call, SKY Italia’s consumer offering was reorganized in July, more than doubling subscribers programming package choices. These new offerings also make the high end’s standard service to our subscribers. Results to date indicate that this increased consumer choice is stimulating subscriber growth, giving us increased confidence that we will hit our profit growth in subscriber targets this year. In the quarter, higher gross additions totaling 193,000 and lower churn net of SKY Italia of 58,000 additional subscribers. Now, this compares to no subscriber growth in the first quarter a year ago. Sky ended the quarter with 4.8 million subscribers. The penetration of additional subscriber services such as high-def PVRs and second boxes which helped reduced churn doubled over the last year with approximately 70% for our subscriber base taking at least one of those services. Multi-ARPU in the quarter average EUR43 as compared to EUR42 last year. In our newly defined Publishing segment, segment operating income of $178 million increased over 50% from the $118 million in last year’s first quarter. This improvement is primarily due to increased advertising revenues in all three of our major market newspapers. Also note that this improvement is despite the absence of Dow Jones Index business, which was sold last March. The year-ago results included about $40 million in segment operating profit from the Index business. And that our other segment, we reported the first quarter segment loss of $156 million, this is $30 million higher than a year ago. This increased loss primarily reflects $70 million in lower search and advertising revenues at MySpace versus a year ago. And finally, before I turn the call over to Chase, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2011. And as a reminder, just as we did at the year end, we measured this guidance excluding from fiscal 2010 the $500 million [inaudible] litigation charge, resulting in phase of $4.46 billion segment operating income for comparative purposes. In early August, we gave guidance in our segment operating income growth rate in fiscal 2011 to be in the low double-digit range above the $4.46 billion fiscal 2010 adjusted results. Since that time, the U.S. dollar has weakened more than we expected thereby, increasing our foreign source earnings. On the other hand, results at MySpace have been below planned, we’ve had to absorb because of cable carriage negotiation and our new film releases was somewhat below our original expectations. As a result, taking all these items into account and based on all of the assumptions inherent in our projections, we are maintaining our operating segment income guidance for fiscal 2011 to a growth rate range in low-double digits above fiscal 2010 adjusted results. And with all that, I’d like to turn the call over to Chase.
Chase Carey: Thanks. As Dave has summarized the financials pretty well for you, I thought I’d spend a few minutes adding a bit of color commentary to the results. While we feel good about our performance, we feel even better about the strides we’re making, to strengthen our business and position them for long-term growth. Clearly as Dave said, our Network business both broadcast and cable is the lead segment empowering this growth. It’s understatement to say there’s a lot of focus on our retransmission agreements in the last few weeks. These deals are critical to driving the Fox Networks’ financial success to reflect its real value. Today, we have agreements in place with four of the largest distributors and have now set the market for our Broadcast business. Over the next couple of years, as we continue to close new agreements, we will be taking this business to a whole new level of profitability. However, the growth of our network is equally driven by a great and growing set of cable channels. From the incredible strength of FOX News to FX original series like Sons of Anarchy and The League, the National Georgraphic event programming like Great Migrations to emerging sports network like Fox Soccer and Fuel, our U.S. Channels business continues to grow. The success of these channels has enabled us to continue to add subscribers, to earn fees that reflect the increased importance of our networks to customers and it could drive great advertising growth. Our Networks business outside the U.S. has been even more dynamic growth story as we take advantage of our leadership position in the emerging and growing international pay-TV market. This growth story continues to be big and broad. For example, a geographic region like Asia, which have previously not been a significant contributor as others, has really stepped up in the last quarter, plus. At a local level, our TV stations continue to do a great job about taking market share and driving efficiencies. And all our Local, National and International TV businesses are continuing to benefit from a very strong advertising market. Our stations are looking at 20% year-on-year growth in the December quarter, while network scatter continues to be priced at double-digit increases to the upfront. So, the broader economy still faces great uncertainty. There are no signs that these anxieties are impacting the ad market as we begin to look beyond January 1. Nonetheless, we remain cautious and alert for the risks. Our Networks business is our biggest. We had key initiatives underway across the company. In Italy, we’ve began to recapture some of the growth that we had before the challenges with [inaudible] during the past 12 months, plus. Our short-term priority has been top line growth, particularly subscribers. And we’ve begun to achieve those objectives through new pricing and packaging, technology, leadership and re-energized marketing. We’re certainly not declaring victory, but I believe we’re making the right moves and making headway. Germany is even more of a work in progress. However, there, again, I believe our management team is making the right moves and beginning to get things going in the right direction. We clearly have challenges ahead, but the market opportunity is unique and we have a real combination of content and technology leadership to build on. At our Content businesses, Fox Film has had a disappointing few quarters without breakout hits. But is important to note, we have avoided any big loss films and the industry noted for them. We continue to be led by a management team that is second to none and one that knows how to manage this complicated business. We feel great about our big holiday releases and in the next year. In addition, we’re strengthening our business for the long-term by reaching agreements with James Cameron, the next two Avatar films and concluding an extension to our film financing structure. Our TV production business continues to prove its strength with a series like Modern Family, which is well in its way to the highest first cycle per episode syndication cable revenues ever. From a Fox Network perspective, the new season has been a bit of a disappointment and we would like to have a gain six in the World Series, but the strength of the NFL and the ad market has enabled us to largely offset those shortfalls. More importantly, we’re very excited about the new energy at American Idol and the continued progress on X Factor for next fall, with the potential to build real year-round tent poles. In our publishing business, we continue to build on our leadership position and traditional print, with papers like the Wall Street Journal continuing to grow while others decline. At the same time, we’re building a digital business for our news content that has a healthy and exciting future. These digital businesses will take time to emerge and the explosion of tables the next few years will be a real driving force. We feel very good about the launch of our digital subscription product in the U.K. and believe it’s a great foundation to build on. The final business I want to touch on is MySpace. We’ve been clear that MySpace is a problem. We recognize that we had to redefine and largely rebuild this business. We believe the foundation that to warrant this effort and it has been our focus this year. We’ve made adjustments in the cost structure most recently by consolidating ad sales. And most importantly, in the last few weeks, we have relaunched MySpace with a focus on social entertainment. We feel really good about this relaunched product and it has been generally well received by the opinion makers in the business, but we recognized a critical issue is building interest with consumers. We also recognize the challenges we face in doing so. The current losses are not acceptable or sustainable. Our current management did not create these losses, but they know we have to address them. I give them great credit for pouring their hearts and sweat into creating a new great MySpace experience that has the potential to be an exciting business for us. We equally know we need to make real headway in the coming quarters to get this business to a sustainable level. Overall, when you have as many businesses and as many regions as we do, it’s unlikely that they will all be operating at an optimum level on a short-term basis, although we strive to make sure most are. I believe our core job is to make sure we have great management teams running these businesses, that we take advantage of opportunities, aggressively address problems and have plans in place to build long-term value in our increasingly complicated digital world. We believe we’re achieving these goals. Thanks, and I’ll turn it back to Dave and Reed and we’re happy to take questions.
Reed Nolte: Operator, if we could take questions from the financial community please.
Operator: Okay. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Michael Nathanson, Nomura.
Michael Nathanson: Hey, thanks. I have one for Chase for MySpace. You mentioned the relaunch, I wondered how much time needs to pass before you judge whether or not it’s successful? And how you judge whether or not it’s successful, what are you looking for? And if it doesn’t work, what happens next? So, that’s one look at.
Chase Carey: I’m not going to put a specific date. These are fluid businesses. But I think this is something we looked up, judging quarters not in years. And I think our goal is to get to a place, essentially probably that has got a revenue, the top line that is going in the right direction, and a clear path to profitability. And I think those are the goals we’ve set for that business. And I think the product we launch, we feel really good about. We recognize, we have to build an audience, we’ve got an audience, we’ve got still great reach that gives us the foundation to bring an audience to that products. But our traffic number is still not going in the right direction, and we have to stabilized that and have a predictable path forward. And make sure we got the right cost structure. And again, a clear path to be a profitable business.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente, Barclays Capital. Please, go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente: Just one question for Chase. Had a question around your philosophy around making Fox TV’s to your content available on digital platforms. It seems as though to me, you’ve been a bit more liberal in terms of the Fox content that’s available on Hulu, Fox.com. You mentioned Modern Family in your opening comments and I guess you’ve licensed the digital rights to ABC because you can watch the most recent episode of Modern Family on ABC.com. So, I’m just wondering how that strategy is going, if you can give us an update on your thoughts there? And if you plan to continue along a more open path in terms of Fox content online? Thanks.
Chase Carey: Great. And I guess first, I just clarify there that shows like Modern Family there are probably more ABC decisions based on rights or license. I’ll talk about our shows, but probably decisions you’re citing on things like Modern Family are more driven by ABC as the network, the licenses, the network rights. I mean I guess what I say, as a broad-based statement, as I think this digital arena is clearly still evolving, I think it is important that – we’re very focus on essentially, how do you manage this rights and really, there are a handful of key issues. What are the windows, what’s the ad load and what’s the pricing to the degree that you’re dealing with some form of payment structure? Obviously it’s what the products that goes in it. I think all those things are things we’re evaluating. Obviously, in places like Hulu we’ve talked about a subscription service to go with the pay service. I think as we go forward with our traditional distribution partners, it’s important we deal with these issues, constructively. We think the digital arena is a very important one. I think particularly the mobile platforms. I do think the iPad brings a whole new dimension of opportunities to the digital arena. But look scarcity of our products is a tremendous value. I think we need to make sure we’ve manage that product. We managed its availability intelligently. And I think that is very been much a work in progress and I certainly wouldn’t say today. If we’ve got a set of rules in place that we’re looking to as long-term goals, I think we learn as we go. And I think those practices will continue to evolve. And I do think it’s important that the digital platforms continue to develop dual revenue stream options. I mean I do think in fragmenting world, it’s difficult to rely solely on the advertising supported platforms. And I do think dual revenue streams are critical and those options, the digital world, clearly or even earlier stage than others. So I think this arena will evolve. I think you’ll see how we manage content in that context. Continue to evolve as these various business models evolve.
Anthony DiClemente: Okay, thanks, Chase.
Reed Nolte: Next question, please.
Operator: And that comes from David Bank, RBC Markets. Please, go ahead.
David Bank: Thanks, guys. Kind of a follow-up on the first question on the MySpace side, thank you for the color. But there are a lot of kind of other operations in there within other and I was wondering if you could give some more color in terms of whether or not you saw room for operating improvement and what the order of magnitude could be for things like mobile or the Fox and network or kind of the refresher on what’s in there, what’s working, what can be working better and what the order of magnitude of improvement could be in the intermediate term?
David DeVoe: Yes. The businesses that are within other, there’s only two other businesses. Fox Mobile and it’s our news outdoor business. All right …
Chase Carey: And IGN.
David DeVoe: And IGN, related to MySpace, I would say there’s not substantial room for growth within those businesses.
David Bank: Okay. So, it’s pretty much just MySpace and that’s the opportunity for improvement?
David DeVoe: That’s correct.
David Bank: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi, Standard & Poor’s.
Tuna Amobi: Thank you very much. My question is on Avatar, so you decided to go with two more installments on that and it seems like you say just put together the financing on that. I’m trying to get a sense on how you kind of frame the upside from this franchise? And it seems like you having a three-disc set out this November. And I believe you had a modestly successful re-release of the title. So, as you think about this franchise going forward, can you help us perhaps understand how the potential upsides as you see it? I know you spent a significant amount on the marketing for the first installment, which obviously was paid off. So, I’m just trying to – if you were to look out next two, three years, how would you – how can we kind of think about this franchise and the potential strategy which you intend to use to monetize that?
Chase Carey: Well, I mean if you – I think with the sequel, it’s been a whole different level. I mean sequels to the most successful film ever by practically a factor of two. If you’re asking, it’s got two sequels, you can look at that. So, there are a couple years – there are a few there’s down the road. But those are obviously enormous events and that is a film without comparison or rival. An incredibly successful film, and obviously, an incredibly important franchise for us. I mean it’s really more than film in many ways this is up, it is a franchise for us to develop and I think one of the great opportunities you get with these sequels is what the lead time and knowing the product you’ve got, it enables you to develop a lot more things around it. Whether it’s merchandise, licensing, gains, a whole experience that sort of leads into this now that you’ll have the anticipation coming towards it. So, it is – you really do need to think about it as a franchise that – I think it’s hard those, two sequels movies coming. In the short term, and they’re certainly important, we’re excited about the home video product we’ve got at Christmas. We still haven’t exploited really the 3D, home entertainment experience because the 3D market is still in its infancy, so that opportunity is down the road, particularly is. I mean this is a franchise without comparison that we need to continue to make sure we in every way possible and I do think the digital world opens up in array of this front [inaudible] develop …
Tuna Amobi: Just a quick follow-up, Chase. Without going into more detail on it on the deal with James Cameron, would you say the terms are roughly bad or worse, or the same for the coming installment?
Chase Carey: I’m not going to – we don’t get into terms I mean on the terms we have with key talent. We’re very happy with them. We’re thrilled to have the pictures. We’re thrilled to be working with Jim
Tuna Amobi: Thank you.
Chase Carey: An easy to talent [ph] and these are great franchises for us.
Reed Nolte: Thank you, next question, please.
Operator: It comes from Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield: Hi, two questions. One, on retransmission consent. Cable has been put out of press release when the signaled got restored the other day, basically saying that they had actually gotten better terms by basically removing programming for a couple of weeks or loosing access to programming for a couple of weeks. And we’re just curious, how do you react to that? And two, if that were actually true, does that mean we’re going to see a lot more of these protracted battles with loss programming because there actually is a benefit to the distributor by going to that level? And then two, could you just update on the BSkyB transactions sort of you filed today. And just wondering what you’re expecting now versus kind of the original time frame that you laid out back when your original deal was announced and on what you’re thinking in terms of best-case, worst-case and approval process?
Chase Carey: Actually I didn’t see. I mean what I – the stuff I saw from Cable division was more sort of essentially complaining that the government didn’t get involved. So, I mean I guess I’m not sure. We were pretty clear with what we’re trying to get and I’m not going to sort of go through what were private negotiations public. But we feel good about where we are. I think we’re pretty clear about what they were trying to do and that was dragging the government into it. We did not – we don’t think the government needed to be into it. In reality, I think it would have been helpful if the government said upfront, they weren’t. They made up few noises that probably made the process more difficult or is there to make more extracted. I mean I think, protracted. I mean I think if the government have been clear upfront, they were going to stay out of it. It was private matter between private parties; it may have not gone off the air at all. But they got what they were trying to do is pretty clear all along is drag government. And I think it became clear that government while their array of parties putting out releases, that this is a battle to be dealt with between private parties. And we reached an agreement that we feel very good about.
Richard Greenfield: Thank you.
Chase Carey: And on BSkyB, no, I mean we filed today. I mean other than what I think is out public, I’m not sure this is a whole lot. I think that the E.U. has said that they’ll answer by some date, nearly this early December.
David DeVoe: December the 8th.
Chase Carey: And I think the U.K. has said they’ll position earlier or something. But I don’t think there’s a whole lot more color than that.
Richard Greenfield: Okay, thanks.
Reed Nolte: Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Jolanta Masojada, Credit Suisse. Please, go ahead.
Jolanta Masojada: Dave, I just wondered if you could talk about the appetizer assumptions that underpin your full year guidance. And given the strong trends for the fourth quarter, have those underlying assumptions changed since the guidance you gave back in August?
David DeVoe: No, those guidance – the advertising guidance that remain in effect the one we told you in August.
Jolanta Masojada: And the underlying sense your saying you’re your expectation for full year haven’t changed despite the very strong first quarter trends?
David DeVoe: That’s correct.
Jolanta Masojada: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alan Gould with Evercore. Please, go ahead.
Alan Gould: Thank you. Chase, last year, your cable network margins increased about 500 basis points over the prior year. At this first quarter, they’re up another 400 to 500 basis points. Is this first quarter margin of 35.2% something that could be representative for the year? And how long can you, I realize your margins are lower than a lot of your competitors, but how long can you keep growing the margins at this kind of a rate?
Chase Carey: Well, we clearly believe we have room in our array of fronts to continue to drive this number of our channels. I mean I guess in many ways. There are channels aren’t fully distributed that we are continuing to add distribution. Obviously, when we add subscribers to the channel, it’s pretty, it’s pure bottom line. A number of the recent deals even including big channels expanded that distribution. The quality of the channels and then you get something like FOX News as it continues to drive forward in the next year or plus. We have been to a new roundup, renewals on FOX News. Again, it sort of the upfront comments. It’s really three things that really all improved those margins. Sort of again, additional – I mean I’m talking about domestic now, additional subscribers, getting affiliate rates that reflect the value of the channels. And the audience that comes with it in terms of the advertising. Probably even more so domestic, I mean internationally because in internationally, you’ve got channels that expand that reached at an even things like subscriber growth or an even faster rate when you look at places like Latin America and the rate of growth there. So, I think we clearly have real room to grow and as we’ve said competitively, when you look at our channels against those we compete with, they are much less mature channels. They have not been around as long and therefore, the positive things of being they’ve got – I think disproportionately more growth ahead of them. And [inaudible] channels continue really operate well. And again, whether it’s news or FX or its originals, channels that really perform well. And we feel very good about the ability to drive those business forward
Alan Gould: As a follow on the industry showed in the second quarter down domestic, down multi-channel homes. Are you seeing that in any of the feature generated from any of your fully distributed channels, are you seeing fully generated channels? Are you seeing fewer subs in the prior quarter?
Chase Carey: No, and in fact I think we’d looking at subs going up. But I think awful lot was read into that. I don’t – I mean if you’re good at this court-cutting issue, I just don’t see it. I mean, realistically, I mean it’s the second or third quarter, the mature market were probably a little tougher quarters, but cable down a bit. And satellite and telco is still up. And I guess still the good fundamental service that for American households is a fundamental part of what they do with their time and what they value in their life and I think it’s a service without comparison. For that, we would not be seeing that.
Alan Gould: Thank you.
Reed Nolte: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: And that comes from the line of James Mitchell, Goldman Sachs. Please, go ahead.
James Mitchell: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. Chase, I think you mentioned last quarter that you were seeking sustained affiliate fee increases from the Regional Sports Networks. Can you talk about your progress on the RFM front, ideally with reference to the recent renewal with Dish?
Chase Carey: We’re not going into specifics in terms of terms with any one party or really terms in general. I guess what I’d say is the RSNs continues to be a really good business for us. I think they as well as our other cable channels were achieving their objectives and continuing to drive those businesses forward.
James Mitchell: Thank you.
Reed Nolte: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Alexander, Goldman Sachs. Please, go ahead.
Adam Alexander: Good afternoon. Just a question for Chase on the international channels. It looks to be a very strong result in that division. Can you just break out a little bit or more specifically where that growth is coming from? Is it ad market, affiliate fee or new channel launches, and how much is Wiki [ph] with dollar benefiting that division?
Chase Carey: The dollar helps some but that’s not the driving force. I mean if I use the phrase big and broad I think in the opening comments and that’s what it is. I mean its multiregional, multi-channel. There’s Latin America, Europe; I cited Asia. I mean on Asia, I’m actually excluding India, so it’s not talking about STAR, which is equally has been good. But it’s a good story. The ad dollars are equally. The ad dollars I think in the mid-20s year-on-year, increases. But those channels, they continue to – that’s it core TV [ph] really is good in strengthening channels. And I think you got to have quality to deliver. But it is a broad regional story, and the multi-channel story that has both affiliate and the dollar strength behind it.
James Mitchell: Do you think that businesses are ahead of what you probably would have expected 12 months ago?
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean they probably to their credit. Again, I guess in many or four quarters, but I think they’ve beaten every quarter, they’ve beaten the target I gave them. So, yes, they’ve done a really a good job. As the STAR guys, really I mean the STAR guys is the same thing. I mean it’s not just in a random way. Like I think – and I do think it’s not just saying it’s a market. I mean I think they’re doing a really good job executing and creating quality channels that stand out and have a real value. When you look at the marketer of our channels combined in some of these places, Latin America, Europe it’s extraordinary. And I think we have a real position of leadership that we can really deal on.
James Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Reed Nolte: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Bazinet, Citi. Please, go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: Thanks. I just had two housekeeping questions. If I’m doing the math right, is the sale of Easynet at BSkyB, did impact your earnings about $0.02? And did the favorable FX helped your operating income growth about two percentage points in the quarter, if you could just confirm?
David DeVoe: No, Jason, it’s about $0.01 a share on Easynet.
Jason Bazinet: Okay.
David DeVoe: And the currency in the quarter is really, it’s marginal.
Jason Bazinet: Okay, okay. Thank you.
Reed Nolte: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: And that comes from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley. Please, go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks. Good afternoon. Chase, I wanted to go back to the network you talked about retransmission revenue, which clearly News Corp. has led the charge on and gone the math for. But I was wondering on the cost side, as you look at the network, and particularly sports, how you thinking about this business over the long term? I think Fox, I believe probably spends more on sports programming than any other network. You’ve got, in addition to the NFL, baseball, NASCAR, is there something you think needs to change over the long term, do you think the retrans revenue stream fixes the business given how much worth costs or you want to see that will do more and more your cable properties where you build out is the Regional Sports Networks this is that’s very attractive we.
Chase Carey: Well, first, I mean and I guess on the last point, I’m really thinking about our broadcast network, more and more should be thought on the same way as cable network. And therefore, I don’t know that you’re differentiating one from the other. They got to become dual revenue businesses that receive revenues that are reflective of their strength, that’s what we’re driving the Fox network to be is a business that looks essentially much more like our cable networks. I guess in the sport point, the sports programming is always a double-edged sword. It has great strength, great value. Look at the NFL right now, in the world of fragmentation, it continues to set records. We would like, as I said, we would like another World Series game or two and that’s a variation in it, but it’s still great content in baseball. And the programming has great appeal. It is sports as a unique strength in the world of DVRs and all the like, there isn’t anything like it. There isn’t a second World Series or a second Super Bowl or a second NFC championship game. And it is has unique value in the marketplace. The issue with it is they come with big price tags. It’s been a great part of building Fox. We’ve like it to continue to be a part of building Fox, but we’ve got to negotiate rates that enable us to believe it make sense. I think our goal. We think it has been important. It’s been valuable to us. We’d like it to continue to be a part of our story. But we’ve got a make sure it’s on terms that make sense. Obviously, retransmission does help. I mean I think it would, if you’d been asset supported only business and asset orderly [ph] business, I think probably overtime, you wouldn’t find any of these sports on any other networks on that business model. But I think as they build the business model, that enables them to compete in a more level playing field. It has profitability businesses with exciting long-term futures, then it enable to compete for rights. But as with any rights, you’ve got to be disciplined and at some point rights get too expensive, though they’re rights we clearly like to have. And I’d certainly put the sports rights in that category.
Benjamin Swinburne: And just as a follow-up on some of the earlier calls on digital distribution, TV Everywhere and authentication is starting to come to fruition a little bit in the market. But you’ve made some waves around Google TV. I think someone from Google was quoted in the press in saying the, broadcasters don’t get it. And one question I’m wondering if you would address, are you thinking about different devices or different screens as a way to window this content, which is a little bit of a nuance versus how we typically think about doing, which is the calendar. In other words, would to make content available on mobile platform are on a PC, but disable it on a television screen? How do you think about that piece of the story?
Chase Carey: In the house, the difference between screens, I mean, is going to continue to diminish their sort of PC and TV. If you get more Internet-ready TVs and the like. I do think mobile is probably a more discrete platform that is obviously different because it has the really get it anywhere. I do think the iPad or the tablet devices are really going to redefine that whole mobile experience. So it’s very early stages, but I think what will be the true, I think the Apples will grow fast now through the next couple of years. You’ll really start to have it big enough universe out there to meaningfully determine how do you develop that offer, how do we build on that opportunity; it is a real opportunity for us. And I’m not sure if you went into the home system, which screens the way longer term. I think in the short-term, it could exist but I do think those screens are going to blend. And I think it does come back to figuring out probably more what is the business models for our content and what are the right terms, and I think we need to work on. It is a tremendously valuable content, it’s tremendously valuable. We need to manage it. We need to make sure as we make it available, were making it available on the right terms as much as like the movie business is done historically creating a series of Windows that went from theatrical to video to pay to free. Now, it’s talking about a VOD window that may be ahead of the DVD window. But you continue to figure out how do you create the right windows on the right business terms. I do think one of the things that I would get public about as people talk about, broadcasters versus cable. And again I think that distinction is sort of ill-founded. I mean in essence if you’re going to create original programming on a cable channel, why is that sort of ones in the real versus great in our original programming on our network. I mean its great original programming, you ought to manage accordingly. Figure out how do you exploit that programming. I think it’s a good thing for us to enable our customers to access that programming in new and exciting and interesting ways. I think that’s a great opportunity for us to do that. But we need to do it in ways that have us fairly compensated for our value of our content. Like our content is incredibly valuable, we can’t just throw it out there to everybody. We got to make sure that we’re putting it out there on terms that get us fairly compensated for the content we create.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks a lot.
Reed Nolte: Next question, please.
Operator: Comes from Tom Eagan, Collins Stewart.
Thomas Eagan: Super, thank you. Just on home entertainment revenue, Chase, I think Time Warner has said that year-to-date; their home entertainment revenue was up about 8%. What was at your date so far at News Corp.? And then I have a follow-up, thanks.
Chase Carey: I think it’s actually up about 10%. And Home Entertainment business because a lot of people sort of going down. It’s actually stabilize for us with each [ph] segments that were going down were actually seeing some nice light there right now.
Thomas Eagan: Right, okay. And then separately, on TV syndication, you mentioned Modern Family. What other titles would be thinking about for the balance of fiscal ‘11?
Chase Carey: I think Dave cited a couple, so I don’t know. How I Met Your Mother is the one that came in.
Thomas Eagan: Right.
Chase Carey: There are a couple of cable properties, I think that …
Unidentified Company Representative: American Dad ...
David DeVoe: American Miracle [inaudible] …
Chase Carey: American Dad and I’d say …
Thomas Eagan: Right.
Chase Carey: Which one of the cable original, both one of the cable franchises as well.
Thomas Eagan: And the pricing of that, are you seeing it up from what it was a year ago?
Chase Carey: And it’s tough – the shows are different shows.
Thomas Eagan: Yes.
Chase Carey: I mean it’s a pretty big can. I mean its good apples and oranges to sort of compare one to the other. I mean certainly, I think the cable market as buying market continues to be a very strong market. I think you’ve seen in this sport industry segment that sort of the prices of things like half hours really move to and we obviously or beneficiary Modern Family, move the whole new levels just in the last year or plus. So, that’s the market. And I think the Broadcast business certainly has come out of it’s the hole it was in a couple of years ago. We’ve got to strike stronger ad market there. So, make that market certainly seems to have been stabilized. But we stop to make those year-over-year comparisons because it’s going to be title driven.
Thomas Eagan: Right, great. Thank you.
Chase Carey: Yes.
Reed Nolte: Next question, please.
Operator: That comes from Spencer Wang, Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang: Thanks. Just two quick questions. The first for Chase, recognizing that you guys are still involved in the BSkyB transaction, but was wondering if you could speak to News Corp.’s appetite for acquisitions at this stage? There’s been some chatter about perhaps some interest in Yahoo! with the help of outside financing, for example? And then secondly, perhaps for Dave, I know you said that the TV stations are running up about 20% in ad revenues a quarter today. I was wondering if you give us a sense about the looking post the elections for the rest of the quarter. Thanks.
Chase Carey: Now, I guess something like Yahoo! or the press meetings have things to write about. But I think we are now certainly do not need to make any acquisitions. I think we’ve got a great portfolio of businesses that we can grow across aggressively that a good diversification amongst them. And I think what we want to be is make sure we’re start about things, look at things that are out there and if there’s something there and we should consider it. But what we’re going to do so in a very disciplined way. I mean we say that we look it up cable channel; we looked at travel Channel a year ago. We kicked the tires on something overseas recently. And ultimately, they were people looking for values that didn’t make sense to us. And our general preference is to build businesses, not buy businesses. It’s the way that we build the great businesses in News Corp., it’s what where our focus will continue remain. But if we see something that we can – we think we could acquire at a very attractive price that fits, I think we’d want to take a look at it. But we’re going to do so in a very disciplined way. We’re certainly not out shopping for anything. And again, I think our priority and our focus, and our preference is to build this businesses and I think we’ve got real opportunities to do that.
David DeVoe: And as far as on the pacing, we’re staying pretty strong in the second quarter. I think we’re about around 11% X political, so business is very, very healthy.
Spencer Wang: Great, thank you.
Reed Nolte: Operator, I think we have time for one more question from the financial community.
Operator: Okay. And that will come from Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank. Please, go ahead.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thanks so much to sneak it in.
Reed Nolte: Okay.
Douglas Mitchelson: So, Chase, more on cable networks. I guess Dave and Chase. Dave, I just want to make sure there’s no unusual items driving the growth in cable networks like acquisitions? And then, Chase, I mean you talked in this call about building rather buying. You talked about the young channels that are driving such strong growth there. Today’s young channels were yesterday’s new launches. Are you curious when you look at the strategic outlook for cable networks, is there a focus on or a need to continue to stoke the fire with new cable networks launches or is this the stable channels that we should be thinking about for the foreseeable future?
Chase Carey: No. I think the opportunities to build new channels are probably pretty few and far between. I think you’ve got a lot of mouth there, I won’t there say there won’t be one. But I think right now you’ve got a pretty big group of channels, but we’ve got a lot of growth there. We got channels that FX and Nat Geo to which we’re still adding subscribers in a significant way that are not – that we have room to continue to grow even with our big channels. So, it’s not just a little channels where we can add to. And obviously, overseas, it’s a whole different case. I mean overseas, are business that are a much earlier stage. So, the U.S. business I think the places you’d add channel with the fewer far between. I think internationally, it’s a different case. I think domestically, the opportunities are really to take channels and take them to whole new levels. And again, I think use the examples that you used before. Make Nat Geo, Discovery or make FX USA and that opportunity would be increasing our profit and cash flow by multiples not percentages.
David DeVoe: And that’s a strike in the business. I mean you’re getting great franchise cable channels with great revenue growth, driving great margins.
Douglas Mitchelson: Have you fully monetized your domestic channels by launching among your international pay-TV platforms? Have you pushed those out as aggressively as you think you should?
Chase Carey: Yes. We monetized – our domestic channels internationally?
Douglas Mitchelson: Yes, are you taking domestic channels through your pay-TV platforms internationally as much as you think you should?
Chase Carey: We certainly, we’ve taken them very broadly. I mean I guess are the platforms, which I guess would be more specifically the European platforms or India, we certainly done some. But the international channels are really territories and across the row, we certainly have done it. I mean and things like that. Just some a more exportable than others. I mean like Nat Geos, certainly our content and entertainment. We have reviews to drive entertainment channel. Sports is probably applies that’s a bit more local in its contents. News, again, what we do some, it’s probably a bit more local. But certainly, big part of the international story is that it takes advantage of the economy and the efficiencies of using product that travels around the world. We got a lot of products that travels around the world and even movies, TVs, documentaries and the like. Some of it is a bit more local. But we’ve got an awful lot that’s travels around the world and that is what the look to take advantage of. And I guess in the cable channels, the growth, the other dimension to growth is I think going forward is really the digital arena. How do take this product and do people down the road want to get Fox News on an iPad, so that they watch it when their at home. And how do you take forward and develop opportunities that are like that. And I think those businesses – I think there are an array of ways that we can continue to build and add to in ways that exciting for customers and attractive for us. And it’s to building these franchises, build the content we launched in these franchises, original products. I mean FX has done a good job as anybody in the business in terms of launching great, unique original programming, how do we exploit it, how do we develop digital platforms to digital experiences forth that are compatible with FX. I mean I think we have to make sure we do it in a way that was compatible with our core distributors and they make sense, and is additive to our business. I think those opportunities are all there for us.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thanks, Chase. Then Dave, just to confirm, no unusual items driving growth?
David DeVoe: No unusual items driving growth.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thank you.
David DeVoe: Just great businesses and some great revenue growth.
Reed Nolte: Thank you.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thank you.
Reed Nolte: Operator, now, we’d now like to go to questions from the press, please.
Operator: Okay. Our first one comes for Claire Atkinson, New York Post. Please, go ahead.
Claire Atkinson: Hi, Chase. How are you?
Chase Carey: All right. How are you doing?
Claire Atkinson: Good, very well. You talked about wanting broadcast to look more like cable. Beyond growing revenue stream, are there any ways that broadcast can look cable? And then second question, how far off do you see a premium video window?
Chase Carey: It’s hard that’s what’s I’m really talking about at dual revenue stream business.
Claire Atkinson: Okay.
Chase Carey: So that’s – it is really, and there are other nuances you can debate sort of and I know everyone has started talking to Broadcast business. You take great 25 piles to define five shows, cable business is more selective about making cohabit something for 30 episodes and putting it on. So, I think there are other aspects of – if those businesses can learn from each other. But at its core, what you’re seeing is you’ve got a cable business that it’s dual revenue business that is a very healthy strong business. You got a Broadcast business trying to compete with one RBI in its back without a dual revenue stream and it needs to have a dual revenue – the strongest programming and has audiences that are multiples of any other cable channel out there and are ought to fairly valued. And we’ve approached this realistically with a spirit of fairness. I mean we could be asking if you’re looking at the competitive base because we should be looking for a lot more than we are and I think we’ve tried to be constructive about them.
Claire Atkinson: And on the premium video?
Chase Carey: The premium, you mean the window some [ph]?
Claire Atkinson: Yes, like the …
Chase Carey: I think it’s something that’s active right now. I’m not going to put a timeframe to it. But …
Claire Atkinson: Okay.
Chase Carey: But I think it’s something that is active in discussion.
Claire Atkinson: Okay. Thank you very much.
Reed Nolte: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Sarah Rabil, Bloomberg News. Please, go ahead.
Sarah Rabil: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to expand a little bit further on the film windowing strategy. There are some talks that studios could benefit by further delaying DVD delivery to Netflix and Redbox and the like, and I just wanted to see what your stance on that was?
Chase Carey: Right now, we have the 28th window. I think that’s been a good thing for us. We haven’t been there that long I think probably want to – I do think it’s something we’ll continue to evaluate. So, I think directionally, that’s been a good thing. I think we’ve got a – okay, a bit better handle and a bit more data around it to determine where and what is the right sequencing. I think as BOD continues to grow, you are going to continue to have change in the windowing strategy between DVDs and electronics and when people talk about premiums and the like that this is things will continue to evolve. But again, what I think is that we feel that windowing we’ve done has been good for us and will evaluate where we go from here as we go forward.
Sarah Rabil: Thanks.
Reed Nolte: Next question, please.
Operator: Comes from Georg Szalai, Hollywood Reporter. Please, go ahead.
Georg Szalai: Hi, Chase. I was wondering if you have any initial color on how the Apple TV rental offer has been going, anything you can share on that?
Chase Carey: Not a lot. It’s pretty new. I mean it’s only really relevant once you get the season launched. It’s barely a month into it. So, I think it’s pretty early to be making judgments amongst into something.
Reed Nolte: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: And that comes from Amanda Andrews, Daily Telegraph. Please, go ahead.
Amanda Andrews: Hi. I was wondering what your vision is for the U.K, European market to replace the Sky obviously, if you would in Sky? And sort of further on would you consider buying U.K. European production. So it’s going to be some that will come up for sale like Endemol, for example?
Chase Carey: I’m not going – I mean I’m not going to – first, I’m not going to comment on really the Sky transaction. And probably not …
Amanda Andrews: Well, no. I’m just talking about a vision, you’re vision post [ph], obviously, and hence that’s position.
Chase Carey: I think our – look our focus, we have three big businesses to that are really in early growth stage. I mean in one in very early growth stage in Germany. Italy, there was a lot of growth left ahead of it. And I think our focus is to build those businesses. We’ve got the channel business across Europe, which has continued to grow. And I think there’s some markets that were not – that I think are opportunities for us today to expand our channels. So, again, back on the sort of the build versus buy theme, I think our think our focus today is really to build the platforms in Italy and Germany, to build a channels we have across Europe. I think, as I say, forward we’ll be opportunistic and see what’s there, if there’s something that made sense. I think we’d look at it. But our honest focus is we’re not on a – out on a hunting or a shopping spree. I think our focus is on building those businesses.
Amanda Andrews: Where do you look at future synergies between BSkyB, Sky Italia, Deutschland, do you think? Or I don’t know maybe some cost-saving opportunities like buying productions together, anything like that at all?
Chase Carey: No, we said before that Sky transactions is not based on synergies. The businesses we run today, we’re focused on building them to their potential.
Amanda Andrews: And then what about the buying TV production companies in Europe? Is that under consideration?
Chase Carey: Again, I’d rather we – we know a lot about TV production. I guess I’d rather be building them than buying. I guess if there was something uniquely interesting, we’d look at it. But I think our focus is to build those things. I mean we do run a pretty big TV production business today. So, it’s certainly something we know about and we know well and that will continue to our focus, to build on those opportunities. We produced programming in a lot of countries today. We produced programming in Italy, we produced programming in India, we produced programming in places around the world. So, we certainly have a lot of TV production going on. The most of it in the U.S.
Amanda Andrews: Yes.
Chase Carey: But in an array of countries around the world. And again, our focus will be to continue to build those things.
Amanda Andrews: Thank you.
Reed Nolte: Operator, I think we have time for last question from the press.
Operator: Okay. And that comes from Jeff Bercovici with Forbes. Please, go ahead.
Jeff Bercovici: Hi, there. I saw the announcement that you guys made about the numbers of digital sales coming from the times of London hay wall. Just wondering there’s been a lot of discussion about how successful or not that initiative has been. We’d like to hear from you if you think that those numbers are – I mean is that a pretty good idea of what you’re going to see from this? Or do you see that is just kind of the tip of what you can do in terms of digital sales? And also with all these reports that News Corp. is developing an iPad native newspaper for the U.S. are those the kinds of numbers that you have in mind for new digital business that you’ll be doing?
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean in terms of the digital product in Europe, I mean in the U.K., we feel very good about it. And realistically, it’s very early. Digital as a whole, some of these platforms like tablets are just emerging. This is not something that is sort of a one or two quarter gain. I mean this is something that’s going to continue to build over years. And I think we feel that this is a great start, a great foundation, and we really look forward to continuing to build on this. And the whole digital arena is continuing to evolve and build and we’ve got a lot in the broader topic. We have – I think we are looking at array of digital opportunities when we get to a place, but if there’s something we’re going to do, we’ll announce it.
Reed Nolte: Well, thank you everybody for joining us today’s call. If you have any further questions, please call us here in New York.
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. I want to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Executive Director, Senior Executive Vice President of News America, Director of BSkyB, Director of Gemstar-TV Guide, Director of NDS, Director of News America and Director of STAR Keith Murdoch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of BSkyB, Director of Gemstar -TV Guide, Director of News America, Director of News International, Director of News Limited and Director of STAR Group Reed Nolte - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Chase Carey - Deputy Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jolanta Masojada - Crédit Suisse AG Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Georg Szalai Jordon Chong Sarah Rabil Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc. Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Brian Stelter Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. Peter Ryan Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the News Corp. Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And at this time, I will turn the conference call over to your host, Vice President Investor Relations with News Corporation, Mr. Reed Nolte. Please go ahead, sir.
Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. On the call today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. Dave will give a detailed presentation of the quarter results, followed by Chase, who will give his own perspective and color on the year. Then Rupert, Chase and Dave will be happy to take your questions, first from the financial community and then from the press. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 31, 2010, identifies risks and opportunities that could cause actual results to differ. And these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filing. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found on our earnings release in our 10-Q filing. Finally, note that certain financial measures used in this call such as segment operating income, adjusted EPS and adjusted net income are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of segment operating income is included in our earnings release, and the EPS and net income reconciliation is posted on our website at the News Corp. Investor Relations earnings release page. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David DeVoe: Reed, thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. As you have seen in today's earnings release, News Corporation closed out fiscal 2010 with very solid results in terms of segment operating income, net earnings and cash flow from operations. Let me start with some highlights of our full year results. Excluding the $500 million pretax litigation charge taken in this year's second quarter, segment operating income was $4.5 billion as compared to $3.6 billion reported a year ago. Factoring out last year's $121 million contribution from NDS, which is no longer consolidated, segment operating income increased 30%. This growth is slightly better than the expectations we provided to you three months ago. This strong financial performance was driven by 8% overall revenue growth and led by sizable operating profit growth at our Cable and Film segments, offset in part by lower results in SKY Italia and MySpace. Bottom line, the company reported net income of $2.5 billion for this fiscal year and earnings per share of $0.97. This compares to a net loss of $3.4 billion or $1.29 per share reported a year ago, which included significant impairment charges. For the year, we also generated strong free cash flow, $2.9 billion. This is 150% more than we reported last year. Turning to the quarter. For the quarter segment operating income of $932 million was down slightly from the fourth quarter a year ago as double-digit growth in our Cable, Newspaper and Television segments was mostly offset by declines in other segments, particularly Film and SKY Italia. Bottom line, the company reported net income for the quarter of $875 million as compared to a loss of $203 million reported for the fourth quarter a year ago, which primarily relates to impairment charges. This year, fourth quarter results includes pretax gains of $212 million in Other, primarily from the sale of our Bulgarian TV station, impairment and restructuring charges of $217 million and $125 million in our share of a favorable litigation settlement at BSkyB. The fourth quarter a year ago included $680 million in pretax, impairment and other charges. Excluding the net income effect of these items, adjusted earnings per share was $0.30 this quarter as compared to a similarly adjusted $0.19 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. In addition, this quarter's net income includes approximately $312 million of non-cash tax benefits related to the recognition of certain prior year’s tax credits, which contributed $0.12 to our earnings per share in the quarter. Now I'd like to provide some comments on a few of our businesses, and let's start with the Cable Networks. Growth in our Cable Network segment continues to drive overall company results with fourth quarter operating income contributions up 31% on 15% higher revenues reflecting the strength of FOX News, the RSNs and our International Cable businesses. The primary drivers behind the year-over-year increases in the quarter were from the FOX News Channel and the RSNs, where their strong market positions led to ad revenue increasing by over 20% versus the fourth quarter a year ago, and affiliate fees continued their strong growth. Keep in mind that at this point, we’ve renegotiated all the original FOX News carriage deals with major cable and satellite distributors. Scheduled renewals will begin again at the end of this calendar year. The Fox International Channels also reported strong growth: 28% on strong advertising and affiliate revenue growth, particularly in Latin America and in Asia. And our STAR businesses, particularly in India, continue to show renewed strength with 42% advertising increases in the quarter led by our national and regional Indian channels. Our Cable Networks delivered $2.3 billion in operating income for the year. They now represent over half of the total company’s segment operating income. We expect this business to continue to lead our overall growth for the foreseeable future. The Filmed Entertainment segment reported fourth quarter segment operating income of $137 million, down as expected from $203 million reported a year ago. And as we mentioned on the last quarter earnings call, this anticipated decline reflects very strong Home Entertainment sale for the Avatar DVD this year, being more than offset by comparatively lower revenues related to the timing of paid and free TV availabilities and lower theatrical revenues from the mix of films as compared to a year ago. At our Television segment, the generated operating income in the quarter of $113 million, 13% higher than the fourth quarter a year ago. This improvement was driven by strong revenue growth at our Television Stations, partially offset by increased losses at the Broadcast Network from a higher programming cost. Station revenues were up 29% in the quarter as compared to a year ago. This reflects the improved local advertising trends, particularly in the automotive, retail and telecommunications categories. Additionally, we benefited from higher political spending related to primary races in Los Angeles, Florida and Philadelphia. This revenue growth at the stations fully converted to increased earning. Turning to our paid television platform, SKY Italia. SKY generated segment operating income of $97 million as compared to $155 million in the fourth quarter a year ago, and this primarily reflects the rights cost related to the full coverage of the World Cup. While we experienced a challenging business and economic environment in Italy during fiscal 2010, early indications in fiscal 2011 are encouraging. Total revenues increased 4% in local currency terms as compared to the prior year's quarter, driven by upgrade tickets sold for the World Cup broadcast, where more than half of the matches were exclusive to SKY Italia. New subscribers and lower churn netted SKY 45,000 additional subscribers in the quarter, and this compares to no new net additions in the fourth quarter a year ago. And SKY closed out the fiscal year with 4.7 million subscribers. The fourth quarter overall churn rate was well below that of a year ago, which helped to produce an annual churn rate of approximately 13%, and this is considerably better than the trend we witnessed a few quarters ago. Overall costs were higher in the quarter, reflecting World Cup rights, scheduled increases in Series A rights and costs related to the rollout of set-top boxes with advanced HD and PVR capabilities. On July 1, SKY Italia consumer offering was reorganized, more than doubling the number of programming package alternatives, including offering a EUR 29 per month price point for the soccer package. We believe this increased choice for the Italian consumer will stimulate subscriber growth. The early response to this new package has been quite encouraging. At our Newspaper and Information Service segment, reported a solid quarter with segment operating income of $115 million, and this is up over 20% from the fourth quarter a year ago. This increase largely reflects strong advertising improvement at all major titles, led by a 22% increase at the Sun, 14% growth at the Wall Street Journal and 10% growth at our Australian newspapers, and partially offsetting this growth is the absence of contributions from the Dow Jones Index business that was disposed of in March of this year. And at our Other segment, we reported a fourth quarter segment operating loss of $174 million as compared to a loss of $136 million a year ago, and this higher loss primarily reflects lower search and advertising revenues at MySpace. And finally, before I turn the call over to Chase, I'd like to address our guidance for fiscal 2011. And as we measure our guidance, we are starting with the fiscal 2010 segment operating income of $4 billion we just recorded. Exclude from this the $5 million litigation charge resulting in the base for 2010 of $4.46 billion for comparative purposes. And as we look at fiscal 2011, we are anticipating a stable economic outlook with modest growth in the major economies in which we operate, and we expect that advertising markets will remain healthy. As a result, we expect many of our businesses will generate strong year-over-year earnings growth, and these include continued robust growth at our Cable Networks, led by further expansion of our International Channels as well as sustained revenue increases at FOX News, the RSNs and STAR. Now as I mentioned earlier, Cable is now our largest segment. It accounts for over 50% of our operating income, and it’s also our fastest growing segment. Our Intelligence segment earnings, a continuation of strong local and national advertising markets, additional political spending at the local level related to the midterm elections, lower entertainment and program cost at the Broadcast Network will allow this segment to continue to grow. We also expect continued improvement at our Newspaper segment as we expect advertising trends to continue to improve. But we are also facing difficult comparisons from certain items that positively impacted fiscal 2010 that we are not expecting to repeat in fiscal 2011. These items include an extraordinary successful year in Film that presents difficult Film comps. While we are excited about our upcoming release slate and about the strength of our Film business overall, we are not, however, forecasting films to perform at the success level that Avatar achieved this past year. As a result, we expect our Film earnings in 2011 to be below 2010 in the mid-$300 million range. Although current foreign exchange rates approximate the average we experienced for fiscal 2010, we are anticipating less favorable foreign exchange rates in fiscal 2011. And as a result, the lower exchange rates will reduce our 2011 operating income by about two percentage points. Taking all these items into account and based on all the assumptions inherent in our projection, we anticipate our segment operating income growth rate for fiscal 2011 to be in the low double-digit range above the $4.46 billion fiscal 2010 segment operating income base level. Obviously, the decline in the Film result I just referred to will affect comparisons in various quarters, but the most challenging comparisons in the first and third quarters owing to the timing comparisons of Avatar and Ice Age 3. And with that, I’d now like to turn the call over to Chase for his comments.
Chase Carey: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon. Dave just took you through the numbers for the year, and I'd like to add that with 30% profit growth, we feel not only proud of our performance but of the significant strides we made to position us stronger today than we were a year ago. Yet the economy was not as dire as we feared, and we benefited from a recovering advertising market, an advertising market that continues to be very strong across the board today, and we look to continue to take more than our fair share of that advertising. Our local stations currently look to be pacing at close to a 30% growth rate for this quarter, and the networks’ scatter market continues to generate double-digit premiums to upfront pricing. Our Cable Networks’ scatter is even higher than that. This strength is really across the board with almost every major ad category showing growth. However, what really drove our results this past year was the quality of our execution and our leadership position across the vast majority of our businesses. I'm not going to speak about each of our businesses, but do want to spend a couple of minutes on a few key areas. Our success starts with our core content and distribution businesses. At our Film division, our record-breaking results were driven by Avatar, which ushered in a whole new era in 3D production. Our Television studio matched it step-by-step with the two biggest hits of the season, Glee and Modern Family, which have both been sold into syndication in their first year. These content businesses are highlighted by long-term management teams that have proven track records that are second to none. Clearly, success in this business is driven by creative executives making tough decisions. However, we've been equally adept navigating the emerging digital technologies and have proven ourselves to be ahead of the curve in carving out leadership positions on issues like low-priced DVD rentals and subscription streaming. We also continue to add exciting new extension to these businesses like our overseas Film unit that released the #1 film in India, My Name is Khan, or our Television unit that has produced original cable hits like Burn Notice and White Collar on uniquely attractive economic terms. The year-on-year comparison for this segment in 2011 may be tough [ph] (31:59) due to the success of Avatar as Dave said, but we feel great about our position as leaders in this business and our ability to take advantage of consolidating industry and emerging, exciting new distribution opportunities like mobile platforms. While our content business is frequently the headline-maker for us, no business is more important to us than our Cable group, which has really become the foundation for New Corp.’s profit and cash flow. As Dave noted, it currently represents over half our profit, and that percent will continue to increase among our existing businesses. This is a big, broad group with channels covering most genres and geographies. It’s a group that has nearly tripled its profits over the last five years. Yet we believe the most exciting growth is ahead of us. The majority of our core channels are still in a significant growth phase, and we continue to add key new channels that leverage existing franchises like the National Geographic Wild Channel, the Big 10 Channel or multiple channels around the world. We expect profits from our international channels to more than double over the next five years. FOX News is a true juggernaut, and we're heading into carriage renewal discussions. FX, which has led the industry in successful original programs, can grow by multiples before it reaches USA's profitability. Likewise, the National Geographic group is still only a small fraction of Discovery. This group not only has exciting growth potential but great stability due to the long-range nature of our contracts. It is a fabulous business, and I do not believe that its strength, value and importance are properly understood in evaluating News Corp. In many ways, our Broadcast business has been as successful as our content Cable businesses. I actually think it should be thought of as part of our channels group, arguably the driving force of our channels business. The Fox Network finished its sixth year as #1, and many of our stations had record market share. The problem is, it simply has a lousy business model. Broadcast needs the dual revenue stream of its Cable channel brethren. We've begun this fight, and we will prevail. We have right on our side. We have the most valuable programming and deserve to be fairly compensated. The third business that goes hand-in-hand with our content channels are our Satellite platforms. This business is at a much earlier growth stage than the others. In Italy, the last year has been a challenging one with a combination of regulatory, competitive and economic headwinds. However, this is a market that is still in the early stages of its growth. We will look to HD and DVR as the key forces to drive our businesses and put in place some an exciting new packages and offers to complement our content leadership. While the summer is a difficult time to judge, we're optimistic about renewed momentum in coming quarters. Sky Deutschland is at an even earlier stage in Italy and clearly a work in progress. Nonetheless, the size and wealth of this market make the potential rewards clear. We know from the experiences of building platforms in the U.K., Italy and the U.S. that these are tough jobs that rarely follow a straight line. Our announced move to stand behind a EUR 340 million capital call is designed to give the business the flexibility to invest and build its offering. Our actions clearly speak to our belief in this business. The new management team has done a great job putting together a plan that focused on making Sky a leader in unique quality content married to position of HD leadership, while being able to invest in the operations to both maximize efficiencies and deliver a great customer experience. Our one platform that is not at an early stage is BSkyB, which many consider the world's premier distribution platform. As you know, we've recently announced a proposal to acquire the rest of this business for cash. This is a business we know well and have a strong belief in its long-term potential. The transaction will be earnings-accretive, while at the same time achieving our strategic objectives of further increasing our profits generated for more stable subscription businesses and improving geographic diversification. In addition, fully consolidate BSkyB allows us to streamline our corporate structure, which will enhance our evaluation by the investment community. We presented a full and fair offer that values Sky at a significant premium. We will continue to take a disciplined approach to this transaction. We've been willing to sit with our current investments for many years and have other options for our cash. While we expect our content, channel and platform businesses to drive the profitability and value of our company, we equally believe that our print businesses have exciting opportunities to grow as historical competitors struggle and digital technologies open new arenas for expansion. We've led the industry in focusing on dual revenue stream business models and believe mobile platforms will transform the print business. We’ve clearly established ourselves as leaders in every market where we compete and are determined to pursue ways to maximize the profitability of these businesses, while intelligently navigating risk. Our goal with these businesses I just discussed and, more importantly, with News Corp. as a whole is to build long-term value for our shareholders. We believe we’re in a growth business and that there are unique opportunities are out there to expand our franchises and add value, be it in international markets that are still growing or digital arenas that are just emerging. We prefer to build, not buy, in taking advantage of these opportunities. We will take risks, but they will be intelligent risks, and we're prepared to walk away if the risks get too high. Equally, we are not just focused on growth. We have made it a priority to reduce costs and maximize efficiency in businesses from our TV stations to our Newspapers to content production. We've also divested businesses like our Bulgarian TV unit and the Dow Jones Indexes when we've determined they were not strategic to us. We recognize that the cash accumulated on our balance sheet created a highly inefficient capital structure, but we did it for a reason, and we’re now addressing it. We are proud of what we built, and we are committed to continuing to build not only an even greater business but one that rewards our shareholders as well. Thank you for that, and I'll turn it back to Reed.
Reed Nolte: Yes. Operator, now we'd like to take questions from the financial community, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question in queue comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Chase, there was something in the press, I think, today that said that you were going to take a salary cut. I was wondering if you could comment. Is that true? And if it is true, what led to that decision?
Chase Carey: Yes, what I actually do is reducing my salary, but it is being essentially changing into longer-term, performance-based compensation. I think that's the proper thing for senior manager of a company. I think an alliance, senior management -- my interest is more with shareholders, and I believe in the business. I believe in our future, and I think it's the right thing to do.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: All right. So, Dave, in your guidance, can you address what your advertising assumptions are in that? And Rupert, I was just hoping you could give just general comments of your view of the world economy at this point. On the last call, you were really concerned about Europe before the world's focus on Greece. And I was just wondering if you can update us on how optimistic you are today.
David DeVoe: Jessica, we’re not going to give you all the advertising, but if you look at the two, U.K., the United States, both. Whether it's our Cable or our Television station, there would be for the year around the mid-teens level.
Keith Murdoch: Yes, and if you want me to talk about the world economy, I just say that I can't help but believe that today's rates are fragile, certainly the Western world. On the other hand, we have almost inexplicably good advertising and great confidence there. So we just have to see how it turns out. But certainly, I'm very, very confident over the next six months. But I think it's sufficient presumably for us not to be overconfident about the medium term.
Operator: Our next question in queue will come from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Chase, one for you, and maybe I’ll fill one more in after as a follow-up. But I wanted to go back to the FOX News repricing. I know you can't talk about specific deals, but I think you started repricing, renegotiating that network back in late '07, and I think you just finished with the last distributor earlier this year. I think that's roughly right. So it looks like it was sort of a 2.5-year process. Is that roughly similar to how the next round is going to go just from a timing perspective? Or do they pay south further out in the future?
Chase Carey: I think it probably is a little longer than that timeframe. And it’s a multi-year process that -- I'm not sure I’d put a specific year timeframe to it, but…
Keith Murdoch: It’d be more like 3.5 than 2.5.
Chase Carey: It’s more than two. Certainly less than five.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And if I could just ask about the two -- some earlier stage European distribution business, SKY Italia and Sky Deutschland. You clearly are believers in both. What is the consideration around potentially consolidating Sky Deutschland at some point? Is that even in your thought process as you think about helping them finance and build that business in Germany? And then in Italy, Rupert, we've seen that market become sort of more and more difficult from a competitive environment, the regulatory environment, a lot of the political overtones have impacted SKY Italia. As you look out over the next two years, do you think that gets better from here? Or is it going to remain a big challenge for that business?
Keith Murdoch: I think there are a lot of indications that it's going to get better. We're already expecting some pretty favorable rulings from the EU.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And any comment on Sky Deutschland?
Chase Carey: At Sky Deutschland, our focus really is on building the business. Yet we recognize today, it is obviously in a loss position. And we’re obviously driving it forward to maximize the opportunity there. We believe it really can be a great platform for us. You look at the size and scale of that German market. There are some unique aspects to it. We have to figure out -- I mean, customers there do have more choice going in, so we have to make sure our quality really stands out. Our content stands out in quality and drive, the quality strength of HD and DVRs, make sure we focus on the right content, drive the experience but that is really our focus is maximizing the business, while we know that it's at a loss position in the short term, I think our focus will remain on maximizing the performance of the business.
Keith Murdoch: I'll just add that Germany is probably the biggest and richest market in Europe. It’s certainly difficult for paid television as Chase said. But we now have a management team that we have great confidence in, and we're going to see it through.
Operator: Our next question in queue, that will come from the line of Alan Gould with Evercore Partners.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc.: Chase, first, can you just give us some sense of the timing of how this BSkyB process is going to work both with the regulatory body as well as with the independent board and what you meant by you've got other options for our cash? And second, for Dave, can you just repeat what was the normalized EPS in the quarter? And did it include $0.12 of interest?
David DeVoe: No, there was a tax benefit in the quarter, which improved our earnings per share by about $0.12.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc.: So was it $0.30? Or was it $0.18?
David DeVoe: No, the adjusted EPS is $0.30, which compares to a year ago of $0.19, and included within the $0.30 is a tax benefit of about $0.12.
Chase Carey: I guess on the Sky front, I’m not sure I can provide a lot of clarity beyond what we've said before. We're still in the early stages of the regulatory process. We have it at the regulatory review. I think as we said, it could take as short as six months, but it could take longer. And we have to see how that profit goes along at this point. It seems to be going largely as we expected. Past that regulatory review, I think we’ve got a commitment for a couple of months, three months, to not pursue a proposal without board recommendation. And I think those are the parameters.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc.: So you're speaking with the independent board at the same time.
Chase Carey: No, I think right now the focus is the regulatory review. I mean, that’s really why I think we recognize from both sides it benefited us to get to a place where we had the regulatory review behind us. And so, the focus today is to get regulatory approval for the transaction.
Keith Murdoch: I'll just add, there are really two stages in Europe. We'll be filing very shortly in Brussels, and that takes about a month to go through the first stage. They can pull, and normally do but not always, for a second stage which could take two or three months. We then come back to the British rating [ph] (46:56) levels. So that's why Chase said it could be six months or 12 months, but certainly not more than 12. We’d be a regular part of it [ph] (47:10) if it went beyond this fiscal year.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Tom Egan with Collins Stewart.
Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC: Just a question on Sky. They reached 9.28 million subscribers, very close to their goal of 10 million and have taken major share in broadband and telephone. Was wondering, what do you think is the next strategic goal for them? Or is it more about harvesting what they've already done?
Chase Carey: I don’t think we’re going to get too far into sort of projecting where they're going. We obviously have been a bigger shareholder, know the business well and speak to their plans. We obviously with our interest have been part of formulating those plans. But it's not like it’s a company that we have not been engaged with so that you can assume largely what they've been doing. We've been a part of or, in many ways, at the center of building this business. But I think I’ll let them speak for what their plans and strategies are.
Operator: The next question in queue, that will come from the line of James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just wondering if you could comment to the extend you care to on some potential M&A opportunities and some which may have come up in the press recently. I believe one relating to acquisition of a sports team in baseball. But also, just generally what you might consider doing with some of the businesses in the Other segment, such as Jamba and MySpace, and what your timing is on any decisions you might make there.
Keith Murdoch: I'm sorry. I would just begin by saying we will not be buying any sporting teams. And we are in the business of buying sports rights for our sporting channels, not buying teams. And as for other M&A possibilities, I don't think it’d be appropriate for us to discuss at this stage. But as far as MySpace goes, we’ve got a new management team. We’ve got great confidence in them. They're doing a major overhaul that’ll look very, very different in a few months to what it’s looked for the last few years, and we're going to see it out for some time yet. I mean, obviously, we're keeping it under very close review.
Chase Carey: But, I guess, Jamba, we are pursuing a process to potentially sell that. But generally our focus is as I said in the opening comments -- we prefer to build businesses than buying them. We may be buying sort of a raw start, but we think that has been the foundation on which we've built this business. And it’s certainly what we plan to pursue.
Operator: That will come from the line of Jolanta Masojada with Crédit Suisse.
Jolanta Masojada - Crédit Suisse AG: I’m just wondering if could you talk about the paper quantity and strategy being pursued at the U.K. Newspaper business and the potential to roll it out more broadly. And as part of that discussion, how meaningful could iPad revenue become for the Newspaper businesses globally?
Keith Murdoch: Well, I think it's very, very early days with our payroll around The Times. We have had a very encouraging number of people subscribing at a good price. We're not going to release those numbers. All the numbers for the royalties all break up, all these things [ph] (51:03) at this stage, but we can run the right strategy there. And we think it's going well. As to the iPad, of course, there will be other imitators. There will be other people in the market very soon. But I believe that, that is a game-changer altogether. We’ll have young people looking at newspapers. We’ll have different-looking types of newspapers. You’ve already got a number of news sites from independent people at a moment. It's a real game-changer in the presentation of news.
Operator: The next question in queue, that will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Chase, I wanted to ask you about executing at the TV division. Obviously, a lot of commentary on retrans was necessary, and now, of course, you're getting it. In the past call, in our prior call, I think there was a view that TV can back to the $1 billion EBIT run rate that it had been averaging pre-recession. So you’re at $220 million now. I know you get political this year, but how do you get from $220 million of EBIT back to $1 billion? Or is that not the goal anymore?
Chase Carey: Obviously, retrans, we’re in the very early stages of that process. I mean, we’ve done a couple. We got a couple more coming up this fall. As we’ve said it could take a few years. You have the affiliate side of it we're just moving into, so realistically, we’re just at the very beginning of that dynamic. And our stations realistically are still sort of recovering or growing. And if you look at this quarter, I mean the year-on-year comps are not getting a [indiscernible] (52:51) in the second half of the year, but you look at the year-on-year comps for the first half of this year. The station has great comps. Even on the network, we had Glee last year, but we probably got to a place where we were a little too reliant on older expensive programming. We had 24. And I think we did a good job reenergizing with Glee. I think we have an opportunity to really sort of reinvent American Idol this fall. Obviously, there’ll be some cost savings in that, but I think, more importantly, it's really an opportunity to really reenergize and get an existing franchise, refreshen it. Marry it to The X Factor in the fall of 2011 that I think really gives us potential for a great doubleheader in that business. And continue to really create programming that stands out. Not that editorials or, I guess, reviews are always the best barometer of success, but I think the shows we've got going on the network this fall, people feel good about. I think we’ve got a great mix of a couple hours, a couple half hours that have great potential. And I think that's what I find [ph] (54:07) is we’ve got fresh, new, exciting programming coming. And the network, I think, has growth in it. I think the stations clearly are still in a place of recovering .We’re actually not through the cost-cutting applications. We’ve taken a fair amount of overhead and headcount, but through this calendar year, we’re continuing to take some of that out. And I think there are an array of initiatives from the retrans to the stations getting to their potential and the network continuing to reenergize with fresh programming like it’s got coming this fall or Glee last year.
Keith Murdoch: And I'd just point out that we were the #1 premier network this year by a bigger margin, I think, certainly than we have ever been in the five years we've been in that position. And I'm extremely confident of what we're doing with Idol, but it's the year after when we’ll have American Idol and X Factor and other programs, which should really make us stand right out as the #1.You get plenty of advertising whatever the economic conditions.
David DeVoe: Within our projected growth for next year, we are projecting pretty significant growth for the Television segment.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: I'm just trying to get a sense of how much of it was revenue and retrans versus advertises versus costs. I think...
Chase Carey: It’s some of all. I would not say costs are the driving force, though they’re certainly a contributor to it. But it is that both program costs and efficiencies, and certainly, they're all significant. Retrans is probably the singular long term to look -- if you look at it, if USA’s going to make $1 billion, we’ve got ratings that are multiple to theirs with the [indiscernible] (56:05) programming we have. We’d better be driving to make this business make significantly more than they do.
Keith Murdoch: For retrans to make its full contribution, which would be very great, that will take two or three years by the time we go through all our contracts with all the [indiscernible] (56:23). And it’s rather like what has happened with FOX News. But it’ll be there, and it'll be very important. Just on the stations, whereas the company generally, we are moving more and more to subscription models and dependent on the regular subscription revenues and rising ones. But the stations, which depend on advertising, they will be getting, of course, part of the retrans, but our bookings at the moment are extraordinary in every category, I think, except maybe beverages. In July alone, we were up 44% in automotive, and pacing for the next two months which may be a little bit hefty because people are now making their bookings earlier, but we’re talking an 80% to 90% increase in automotive. So it's really very, very strong, and we are increasing our share of market in those local stations.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rich Greenfield with the BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: So a question on Sky Deutschland. When you look at the differences between what you've see in Italy -- Italy has obviously become even though it's struggling at the moment versus last year. It's been an overwhelming success. When you look at the challenges facing Germany, as it starts off in your investments there. What are the big differences that you see between Italy and Germany? What have you learned so far? You changed management. Maybe just give a sense of why the change in management. And what's being done differently now that gives you confidence in where it's going over the next couple of years?
Chase Carey: I guess probably the first difference you look to between the two is -- I guess I touched on it a minute ago -- in Germany, the consumers do have a fair amount of choice. The majority have a fair amount of choice. They start off with a fairly decent channel package they get through cable or satellite, which wasn't the case in Italy. And what that really means is what you focus on is sort of quality. So within Germany, it's more of a quality experience, whether that quality is in content or technology in HDs, DVRs, user interfaces or the like. So you want to create content that stands out. And the other difference, I guess I’d say, is you have a cable business there, in Germany, that probably covers half the market that you largely distribute through. And, I mean, you don't really have a cable industry in Italy. I mean, the competition’s different. I mean, in Germany, you’ve got the Telco and the cable, and actually, they’re much more focused on broadband and telephony. And we’re there with the video offering, and I think the key is really to offer a quality video offering. We’ve got pretty wide, open places to do it across. I mean, they’re making some noise, but I do think their focus is elsewhere. And create a quality video offering, quality technologies and marry it to quality service. And in Italy, our competition really toe-to-toe become the MEDIASAT platform that is competing on price. I think we’ve got quality, and I think we’ve found our footing and our mojo back in Italy. I feel actually we're on good track there. So I think there are different competitive dynamics -- you get some real economics, I mean, because of it. Germany’s a bigger market, and we pay significantly less for key sports rights in Germany. I mean, because of the infrastructure that exists in Germany, fact [ph] (1:00:34) is a fraction of what it would be in many markets because you can take good advantage of the fact that a lot of people have dishes on their homes, half of the satellite have dishes. And in a lot of places they have set-top boxes. They have wiring into the home. So there's some real efficiency if you can take advantage. So I think in Germany, you got to make sure you're smart about programming, betting on stuff that makes a difference. Be efficient. Watch it run. Drive to places you can. Make a difference like HD and DVRs. Create a great experience for customers. Take advantage of the efficiencies and the opportunities that exist in terms of cost-saving and the like. Make sure you’re buying programming that makes a difference. You’re not just buying bulk. And take advantage of the fact that you’ve got competitive environment where the competitors are really focused probably first and foremost on their profits. And I think that those are a lot of dynamics that are different if you look at Italy.
Operator: The next question in queue, that will come from the line of Adam Alexander with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Alexander - Goldman Sachs: I was just looking at the International Channels. They’re becoming a material driver of growth within Cable Network. I wonder if you can break out the operating income for FY '10, and then can you talk about the growth expectations on a three-year view? And what sort of countries or regions are really driving that growth?
Chase Carey: Well, we’re in probably most of the world. So there are probably some regions -- Latin America’s been a very successfully region for us. Europe’s pretty successful a region for us. But we really, it is a big, wide, broad growth in some of these market it follows. I mean, one of the great things about International is a lot of the markets are still just developing. Now , I mean, obviously, we need to develop a distribution market and create channels for it. And we are riding on the back of that, but it is most continents, most regions. Again, those would be the couple that are bigger. I think the neighborhood this year is sort of around $400 million. And again, as I said, it's looking within five years of business. We expect to be a $1 billion business.
Operator: That last question will come from Spencer Wang with Crédit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess the first question is for Rupert. You’re clearly trying to get paid for your print content online. So I was wondering if you could update us on your current thoughts about how you plan on monetizing your TV programs and networks online in the context of the TV Everywhere initiative as well as your ownership in Hulu. And then just very quick for Dave, should we expect any material changes in CapEx in fiscal '11 versus the $914 million you reported in fiscal 2010?
David DeVoe: We'll be a bit higher in fiscal 2011. It’s probably going to be $1.1 billion.
Keith Murdoch: I would say we'll be pushing very hard on VOD. If you talk about Hulu and Netflix and various things, these new businesses are under content review. Some are a challenge to us. And I wouldn't say more than that at the moment other than that Chase and I and the whole of the Film company are giving a great deal of thought to future moves in this area.
Chase Carey: And I think the general themes as you get into these digital arenas are that you want to move towards dual-revenue stream businesses. Doesn’t mean there aren’t some places you have free. And I think primarily subscriptions the most trapped, but I think we need to look at an array of sort of dual-revenue stream businesses, and I think we need to manage windows. And I think the Times business has gotten sort of rushed and sort of acted first and thought second. And I think we need to make sure we’ve got great products. We need products and manage the pricing in the windows and the like. I think we need to be part of this digital world, and I think there are great opportunities. I do think mobility, and I agree with Rupert’s observations on the iPad. And hopefully there are a lot of iPads, not just there are a lot of tablets and a lot of devices, I think, really has an opportunity to create a whole new platform that we can develop and develop in a constructive way. I do think things like authentication have the promise of really developing business models that are healthy for us that open up new avenues, find new exciting opportunities for customers, but find them in ways that enable us to continue to add value to our businesses and carefully manage the uniqueness of our products and not just let it get it commoditized at being thrown out there too widely and too freely.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Peter Ryan.
Peter Ryan: Peter Ryan from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation in Sydney. I wanted to get your thoughts on the Australian election campaign. What are you seeing as the big issues for the economy? And who would you prefer to see as Prime Minister of Australia, Julia Gillard or Tony Abbott?
Keith Murdoch: I think I have no comment at all. Just read our newspapers and see what our editors think. They have the freedom to decide that. We’re obviously watching them closely, and there haven't been any really great issues emerge here.
Peter Ryan: What are your views on the campaign at the moment, the way it’s being conducted by the two leaders that has been criticized as being a bit of a debacle back here?
Keith Murdoch: Well, that might be true with the ABC comments and what part you're playing in it, so I think I'll just let that pass.
Operator: Our next question in queue, that will come from the line of Sarah Rabil with Bloomberg News.
Sarah Rabil: I just wanted to get an update on the status of the MySpace search contract with that deal with Google expiring at the end of this month. What is the status of talks there, and how much do you expect that new contract to be worth?
Chase Carey: We're actively talking to parties. Probably not going to give away a whole lot. I think we’ll probably negotiate deals first and announce them second. But we have interest in it, but we’re not expecting a deal like we had before. We’re expecting this’ll be a performance-based deal, and to the degree we can add dimensions to it, we will. But you’re right. It is imminent, and we are actively engaged.
Operator: The next question in queue will come from Shira Ovide with The Wall Street Journal.
Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal: I wonder if you can talk generally about how you're thinking about tablet computers and mobile, whether you see those devices as an opportunity to kind of replicate existing content or whether you're thinking to develop entirely new business ideas for those devices.
Chase Carey: I guess I'll speak from my perspective. I do think those devices have transformed peoples' expectations and the opportunities around mobile. For a number of years, everybody talked about the value of content on mobile platforms. I think you may get, on a smartphone, I don't know, maybe 20-year olds that are watching a smartphone, but I think this device, really as others have, those devices out there really gives you both a much richer experience. It really is obviously, very conducive to video. But even you take the Wall Street Journal on an iPad is a very different experience than it is on a PC. And I think you can use it for some of these things and just using it tells you how it's different. And I think it is also a device that for the first time really starts to deliver on the promise of multimedia, where you can see how you could jump between, you could sort of go between what traditionally would be video content, printed content, advertising that really is attractive that you could penetrate through and engage with. So I think a lot of the buzzwords that have existed for a few years -- I mean, people talk about interactive TV and mobile platforms and all that stuff for a few years. I think all of a sudden it becomes something you can envision in a real on -- and I think that’s happened. And I think for us, it’s incumbent on us to try to figure out what are the opportunities, again, intelligently, recognizing our product has tremendous value. And how do we exploit it? How do we develop the right consumer experiences on those devices, and what are the types of digital opportunities that we can develop? We're actively engaged in trying to develop an array of ways to place, and I think people [ph] (1:10:23) -- this emerging platform, which we think will be an enormous platform. And we think it is a real opportunity for us.
Keith Murdoch: I’d just say, I mentioned the word game-changer before. I believe that. I think we're going to see around the world, hundreds and hundreds of millions of these devices. And there'll be all sorts of things we can do with them. And as they develop technologically, we've got to develop our methods of presentation of news.
Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal: And that means also kind of seating, as people have written about seating -- kind of separate news organizations to be devoted solely to news on tablets.
Chase Carey: We're doing a lot of things here. And I think we think there are some exciting opportunities.
Operator: Next question in queue, that will come from the line of Georg Szalai with The Hollywood.
Georg Szalai: I was just wondering whether you cared or who controlled CKx, the company behind American Idol, and what your take is on who the judges for that show should be.
Keith Murdoch: I think we’re very close to announcing who the judges will be. There are very active negotiations with a number of people. And what I can assure you is that next year's Idol will be different. It'll be better. The music will certainly be better, and we’ve got great expectations for it. As for CKx, no. We don't really have any say on who the owner is or will be.
Operator: Our next question in queue, that will come from Jordan Chong with the Australian Associated Press.
Jordon Chong: Mr. Murdoch, I was just wondering if whether the delay for the anti-siphoning this year in Australia sort of could create some uncertainty in terms of bidding for sports rights that your pay TV operations here in Australia might be interested in. If you could talk a bit about that, please.
Keith Murdoch: You mean the position of Foxtel versus the free-to-air?
Jordon Chong: Just in terms of bidding for sports rights that are coming up and with the lack of a new updated anti-siphoning law from the government , whether that creates some uncertainty about the prospect of your pay TV operations here, bidding for some of those rights.
Keith Murdoch: Well, we only have 25% of Foxtel. And I think, personally, that the anti-siphoning, I understand how it happened, which I won't go into. But it does hurt the sports associations and that there's no open bidding between pay and free-to-air. And also the view is that a lot of sports, which are not tough sports, were on the anti-siphoning list and get put on by the free-to-air at 2:00 in the morning or something. So will it be impacted by the election? I really don't know.
Operator: That final question will come from Brian Stelter with the New York Times.
Brian Stelter: It's been one year since the Liberal Group started to boycott [indiscernible] on FOX News. They still seem to be adding… Any effect on FOX News?
Keith Murdoch: I didn't get that. Boycotting what?
Brian Stelter: It's been one year since all these liberal groups started to boycott Glenn Beck’s show on FOX News. If that boycott continues…
Keith Murdoch: They don’t boycott watching it because it’s getting incredible numbers. We haven't lost any business at all. I mean, some might've moved to other programs, but no. It’s certainly not affected the total revenues or the profits.
Chase Carey: Thanks, everybody for joining our call today. If you have any further questions, please feel free to call. And have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, and, ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 6:30 p.m. today through August 18, 2010, at midnight. You may access the AT&T telecast replay system at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 160913. International participants may dial (320)365-3844. Once again, those telephone numbers are 1-800-475-6701 and (320)365-3844 using the access code of 160913. That does conclude our conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T’s executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-02-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Reed Nolte – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Dave DeVoe – Senior EVP and CFO Rupert Murdoch – Chairman and CEO Chase Carey – Deputy Chairman, President and COO
Analysts: Allan Gould – Soleil Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch John Janedis – Wells Fargo Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital Imran Khan – JP Morgan Spencer Wang – Credit Suisse
Media : Andrew Clark – The Guardian Ken Li – The Financial Times Shira Ovide – Wall Street Journal Claire Atkinson – Broadcasting and Cable Claire Delahunty – The Business Spectator Ryan [Nakatumo] – The Associated Press
Operator: Welcome to the News Corporation second quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) At this time I will turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for News Corp., Reed Nolte. Please go ahead, Sir.
Reed Nolte:
 : Dave will give a detailed presentation of the quarter results followed by Rupert who will give his own perspective and color on the quarter. We will then take your questions, first from the financial community and then from the press. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the three months ended December 31, 2009, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such a filing. Additionally in this quarter you might have noticed that we have changed the presentation format of the consolidated income statement to no longer display an operating income caption. Instead we provide the measurement of total segment operating income in the earnings release and our financial statements. As contrasted to our prior reporting of operating income the only difference is that total segment operating income excludes impairment and restructuring charges. Prior periods have been revised to conform to this new presentation. Total segment operating income is a non-GAAP financial measure. The definition of and a reconciliation of total segment operating income to income before taxes is provided in both the earnings release and our 10-Q filing. In addition, we may refer to other non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website. If you have any questions on the presentation you can contact me after the call. With that, I will turn it over to Dave.
Dave DeVoe: Thank you, and good afternoon everybody. At the outset of the call I would like to note that our reported results this quarter reflect a one-time charge related to the previously announced settlement of litigation involving the company’s integrated marketing service segment. The related $500 million pre-tax settlement charge is reflected in this quarter’s segment operating income and it had a $315 million or$0.12 per share net income effect. After adjusting for this item we are extremely pleased with the underlying strong financial results we reported for the second quarter of fiscal 2010 where total segment operating income reached $1.2 billion. This is an improvement of 44% from a year ago and this improvement rises to 50% when factoring in the absence of the results from NDS which are no longer consolidated this year. This increase was fueled by a 10% overall revenue growth and was further supported by the cost reduction efforts we initiated over the past several years. Our reported net income in the quarter was $254 million with earnings per share of $0.10. This compares to a reported loss of $6.4 billion or $2.45 per share last year. However, excluding the net income effect of both tiers of one-time items such as the litigation charge this year and the impairment charge we took last year, second quarter earnings per share this year were $0.25 as compared to the year-ago results of $0.15. Now I would like to provide some context on some of the results in our segments. Let’s start with the film segment where second quarter operating income was $324 million. This is up $212 million over last year’s result with revenue growth of 28%. This strong performance was led by the worldwide home entertainment release of Ice Age, Dawn of the Dinosaurs and also reflected other home entertainment releases including Wolverine and Night at the Museum. The December quarter also included significant launch costs for our very successful theatrical releases of Avatar and Alvin and the Chipmunks. The profits from these films will begin to flow in the next quarter which is our third quarter of the year. At our television segment operating income in the quarter of $29 million improved by $31 million as compared to the second quarter a year ago. This was driven by 19% higher television station contribution and improved results at My Network TV. After six consecutive quarters of year-over-year decline, station revenues were up 6% on the current quarter and this reflects improved local advertising trends particularly in the telecommunications, retail, fast food and finance sectors as well as improved sports advertising from considerably higher ratings in the Major League Baseball post-season on Fox. The growth was achieved despite a significant reduction in political advertising revenues versus last year and I think it is worth noting we saw significant improvements at the stations as the quarter progressed. For example, we began in October being down 14% versus a year ago and ended up in December being up 28% and these positive trends which Rupert will probably talk more about have continued into the current quarter. Now moving onto the cable network segment where we continue to show very strong growth with record segment operating income contributions of $604 million, this is up 35% from last year on revenue growth of 18%. The revenue growth was led by a 21% increase in affiliate revenue and high single digit growth in advertising. The largest year-over-year gains in the quarter were from the Fox News Channel due to higher affiliate rates and additional subscribers and a relatively flat cost base. The international channels from affiliate revenue increases, ad gains and the advertisements were particularly strong in Europe and Latin America. The regional sports network which reflects higher advertising rates and essentially flat advertising revenues and at Star which has been included in this segment since last quarter we had significant growth in advertising revenues in India led by the ratings strength of our regional channel. Turning to our paid television business, Sky Italia generated a segment operating loss of $30 million as compared to income of $10 million in the second quarter a year ago. Sky Italia continues to operate in an extremely challenging business and economic environment. Subscriber growth is clearly below our expectations. However, it is important to note this is a very profitable business and we remain confident in the longer term growth in this under penetrated market. In the quarter Sky Italia saw revenues decline by 2% in local currency terms as compared to the prior year’s quarter. Monthly ARPU in the quarter averaged around €43, as compared to last year’s €45 and this reflects the lower average tier mix, reduced pay per view revenue and the lag effect of various price promotions. Overall costs in the quarter were flat as higher soccer costs were offset by savings in other programming. Sky Italia’s subscriber base declined by 63,000 compared with the previous quarter and has total quarterly growth additions of 150,000 is more than offset by churn. This puts our ending subscriber levels at approximately 4.75 million. At quarter end over 2.1 million subscribers represented approximately 47% of the subscriber base were taking at least one premium service compared with approximately 22% of the subscriber base a year ago. The importance of this is the premium service subscriber churn rate are about 1/5 of the non-premium service subscribers. Shifting to our newspaper and information service segment our operating income in this year’s quarter was $259 million and this is up 30% from what we reported a year ago. This improvement is largely driven by higher advertising at the Wall Street Journal and lower operating expenses throughout all of our newspaper businesses. Our newspaper results also benefited from a favorable foreign exchange impact on revenues and segment operating income primarily from the relative strength of the Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. Like at our TV stations, comparative advertising revenues at our newspapers improved as the quarter progressed. At our book publishing segment operating income contributions of $65 million for the quarter increased by $42 million primarily due to higher revenues in our general book and children’s books divisions as well as reduced operating expenses resulting from last year’s restructuring efforts. In our other segment we reported a second quarter operating loss of $125 million which compares to a loss of $38 million a year ago. Approximately 40% of this change reflects the absence of NDS operating profit this year due to the partial sale of NDS in early February 2009 and NDS is now accounted for as an equity company. Additionally the digital media group’s earnings declined from last year due to lower advertising and search revenues at My Space. This was offset in part by cost reductions and restructuring efforts. Before I address our guidance I just want to make a couple of comments related to our balance sheet. We reported a cash balance at quarter end of nearly $7.3 billion. A portion of this balance will be used to reduce debt in the current quarter as we have $150 million senior note maturity which comes due in March. Today we committed to satisfying cash. The put if exercised by holders on the $1.7 billion of debt that is convertible to shares that we own at [inaudible]. Investors have until March 10th to notify the company of their decision. Also today we announced a 25% increase in the company’s dividend from $0.06 per share to $0.075 per share. Finally before I turn the call over to Rupert I would like to address our guidance for fiscal 2010. As a reminder, as we did at year end and at our first quarter this year we measure this guidance excluding from fiscal 2009 segment operating income results of $121 million in operating profit from NDS which is no longer consolidated in our results. So as we look at measuring growth in fiscal 2010 we are preparing to a base of $3.44 billion with segment operating profit for fiscal 2009. In early November we gave guidance anticipating our segment operating income growth rate for fiscal 2010 to be in the high single digit to low double digit range, above the $3.44 billion fiscal 2009 adjusted results. Since that time we have performed better than anticipated in several of our businesses and the box office records being set by Avatar has raised our outlook for the film entertainment segment. The U.S. television market is performing better than we had assumed as are our newspapers. The impact of recent negotiations with cable operators can now be considered. Partially offsetting these improvements operating conditions in Italy continue to be more difficult than earlier anticipated and it is taking longer than we expected to achieve our revenue goals in some of our digital media business groups including My Space. As a result and taking all of these items into account and excluding the effect of the litigation settlement and restructuring related charges we have increased our segment operating income growth guidance to a growth rate in the low 20% range above the fiscal 2009 adjusted results.  With that I would like to now turn the call over to Rupert for some additional comments.
Rupert Murdoch : Thank you Dave. Good afternoon everyone. As Dave has just described our true operating results for this past quarter were extraordinary and we have endured the most severe recession since the Great Depression but have emerged from this turbulence and turmoil I think as the world’s preeminent content company. The crisis recasts companies in weak economies. The crisis highlights weaknesses and expedites pre-existing trends. From a crisis comes clarity and the strength of our company and our strategy is clear for all to see. Excuse the immodesty but News Corporation’s preeminence as a content creator comes at the debate over the primacy of content is over. Content is not just king. It is the emperor of all things electronic. We are on the cusp of a digital dynasty in which our company and our shareholders will profit greatly. Devices and platforms are proliferating but this clever technology is merely an empty vessel without any great content. Machines are not powered by batteries but by creativity and ingenuity. By content that is original, accessible and trusted. Those characteristics define the nature of our company and are the pillars on which we are building a profitable future. It is worth taking a moment to put the company’s content into context. We have the world’s leading film studio which has just made the most successful film in cinematic history. We are thrilled that the confidence we placed in Avatar and its talented team led by James Cameron has been recognized by appreciative audiences around the world and is still being recognized. Just this morning it was nominated for nine Academy Awards including Best Picture. Beyond the stunning financial success, I am convinced Avatar will be a harbinger of fundamental change in the industry and herald an exciting new era of 3D entertainment. It is worth recalling as Dave explained, in the most recent quarter we booked much of the film’s costs and only a small portion of the receipts. In the current quarter and beyond, Avatar will provide a strong stream of revenue for our company. The studio other hits included Ice Age 3 and Alvin and the Chipmunks, both of which helped us surpass $4 billion in worldwide box office this past year, an industry record. Also we have the number one broadcast network in the United States, FBC, which has been the top rated network for the past six seasons on the strength of shows like American Idol which has just kicked off its ninth season and is as dominant as ever. This past fall was the strongest in the network’s history. A television production studio [along] in place with such brand names shows like The Simpsons and 24 is now home to more net hit series than any other studio with shows like Modern Family, Glee and the Cleveland Show. We have America’s number one newspaper in the Wall Street Journal, number one in terms of circulation, influence and quality. While other prominent papers are still suffering year-over-year advertising and circulation declines the opposite is true at the Journal. WSJ.com remains a digital model for newspapers around the world with a strong subscription base and still growing advertising revenue. In the United Kingdom we have the number one newspaper in the Sun which had record weeks of advertising revenues during this past quarter and had left other papers far behind in the contest for readers. In Australia we have the largest selling daily paper, the Herald Sun, which improved circulation while the Australian National Daily achieved strong advertising marketing share growth as well as increasing its position as the most influential paper in the country. The Fox News Channel is certainly the number one news channel in the U.S. winning an ever greater share of an audience that is both loyal and lucrative. Roger Ailes has done a remarkable and admirable job in building the worlds most influential and profitable news network. Through Fox International Channels we have launched more cable channels around the globe than any other company and we are profiting from continuing growth in Asia and rapidly expanding middle class audiences elsewhere in the world. While the west was coping with the crisis, the economic emancipation in much of the developing world continued enormous unprecedented pace as our unique success with Star in India testifies. Harper Collins is one of the world’s leading publishing houses with much improved profitability. There is no doubt we have been at the forefront of the global debate about the value of content. At times that debate has been intense but that was essential when the stakes were so high. Far too many content companies were passive in the face of predatory behavior and self-serving [sophistry]. Passivity and meekness are not characteristics of our company. A year ago our criticism was thought heretical. But somehow the profane has become profound and the content clan has gathered around our ideas. As I said earlier, the value of content is now clear. Instead of the existential debate about value now we are merely haggling over valuations. Consumers want content to be delivered immediately and on a ray of devices that suit their needs and they are willing to pay to be entertained and informed. Our mission is clear and coherent. It is to create great content and customize it to suit our expanding audiences around the world. In the last couple of months I have toured the most innovative Asian research laboratories and walked the floor of the Consumer Electronics Show. The message is the same everywhere. Without content the ever larger and flatter screens, the tablets, e-readers and the increasingly sophisticated mobile phones would be lifeless. Without content these ingenious and wonderful devices would be unloved and unsold. I am delighted though certainly not complacent that our employee’s creativity and energy have been paid the ultimate compliment by consumers. They have paid for our content. As Dave pointed out our results almost across the board far outpace those of the same quarter last year. Our revenues have revived and should remain strong. Local and national television advertising markets have been surprisingly strong. The signs are that this trend will continue in the coming months. The truth is the advertising cycle has shortened and we all have limited visibility to peer into the future. The broadcast network business was thought [more] by many but we fundamentally changed its fortunes with the ground breaking retransmission consent deal we made a few weeks ago. The precedent we have established means that the weak transmission fees we will be negotiating with cable and satellite providers as our current deals expire over the next couple of years will breathe new life into that business. When it comes to online use, we are committed to changing that model too. We are in advanced discussions with other media companies around the world, all of them who have turned to our company for ideas and innovation. We are currently in the midst of very substantive conversations with device makers and developing a subscription model that will deliver high quality journalism to consumers wherever and whenever they want it. We have begun to charge for online content at a couple of our U.S. titles and we expect to expand to other titles in the coming months. We have the most experience given our success in various digital offerings of the Wall Street Journal. The success in 3D of Avatar and Ice Age 3 and our experience in being the most innovative broadcast of sports events puts us in a prime position for the development of the next step generation of 3D consumer technology. Asian manufacturers are well advanced in developing the technology that will transform the home viewing experience. Of course you will see more 3D films but more fundamentally there will be exponential growth in 3D programming in the next couple of years. Follow-on experience in leading the development of high definition viewing in Britain, [inaudible] will be launching a 3D channel in the very near future. Only last night they made their first 3D broadcast. As well positioned as we are, there remain a few areas of our business that are not performing as well as we would like that continue to be long-term growth drivers. The first is Sky Italia. As David noted, Sky Italia is faced with the tough economic environment and increased competition but we are certainly enthusiastic about the potential of this business given the high quality of our service and the low penetration of pay television in Italy. The second is our affiliate Sky Deutschland. We have great confidence that the new management team headed by Brian [Sullivan] who helped build [V Sky B] into a powerhouse, will be able to make headway in yet another big market with very low paid TV penetration. As proof of our confidence in this business we just increased our [standing] by five percentage points. Despite the challenges in these markets we remain firm in our commitment to pay TV around the world. There is My Space but it is not yet where we want it. My Space remains one of the world’s top web destinations and during the past quarter we started to see signs of traffic stabilization as its mission was clarified. We believe this stability points to progress the new management team has made in repositioning My Space as the prime place where people share thoughts and ideas about music, entertainment and other popular content. Finally, after all I have just said about the recent achievements of our company I think the most important point I can make overall is these businesses are growing, not just surviving but thriving. The majority of our business segments reported double digit revenue growth this past quarter clearly driving our higher operating profits. It is a widespread improvement that we believe will continue in the coming quarters. I have to say that kind of success comes with having great depth of leadership. At News Corporation we are the best leaders in the media business. Chase Carey is a wonderful partner and his strategic focus, dynamic ideas and willingness to take on tough issues has helped to reinvigorate all of us. With some of the recent executive moves we have made at DOW Jones, our Fox businesses our international newspapers and the restructuring of our Star Asia business we think we are positioned for an exciting new chapter for News Corporation. Thank you very much. Now Chase, Dave and I will be happy to take any of your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Allan Gould – Soleil.
Allan Gould – Soleil: How big a deal is this retransmission consent, when are there a lot more coming up in the near future and over the next 3-5 years should we be thinking $40 million a month or $100 million a month coming out of retransmission consent?
Chase Carey : I am probably not going to quantify it with specificity at this point. What is clear is it is a transforming event. It really puts the network on a path where it is a profitable business that generates the type of profit I think it should for the audience and the importance it represents in the marketplace. In terms of timing, we have two of the top ten distributors done. We are obviously in very early stages. There really are two fronts to this issue. One is through our O&O’s where we deal directly with distributors. The second is through the affiliate body. First, in the arena where we deal directly it is about a 3-4 year process and in the next two years about half of the distribution universe is up with us we will deal with it. In terms of the affiliates who are engaged now, we think we value the relationship. We think it is important that we reach a fair conclusion. That being said we think the network is the most valuable and important programming we provide to consumers. We have begun those discussions but those discussions will really probably continue in the months to come. Certainly they will move forward. We are engaged now and we will move forward on those. Again with the affiliates their deals come up with distributors likewise and probably that same 3 plus year timeframe. I think that is the broad context. Obviously we have a lot of work left to do but I think this really does set us on course and points us in a direction that Fox Network can assume the role it should. It is the most important television channel we have. It is the force that drives our television business and it should generate profits that reflect it and we think we stand on that course.
Allan Gould – Soleil: So this fixes the broadcast business model?
Chase Carey : I think it puts us…overly simplistic to say everything is fixed. We have great management there. We are a number one network. I think it puts us on a course where we can generate the profits we should at the network. So yes, I think it is simplistically it fixes it but it certainly puts it in a competitive place where it has a dual revenue stream like successful cable networks does and those that it competes with.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I was hoping you could help us on Avatar in terms of the timing of the impact, when you think you will have the home video released? Can you discuss any plans for sequels and how the economics may change? Then on TV just to follow-up on Alan’s question I was hoping you could comment one on the kind of current advertising outlook as we move into second half of fiscal 2010? Would you expect between retrans and reverse comp you will get back to prior levels of the TV business of more than $1 billion in OI?
Rupert Murdoch : I will answer on Avatar first. We put in some of the costs of course were taken in the last quarter. Avatar we think about 60% of the profits, perhaps better, will be in the following six months. Over the next two quarters. Which means we certainly plan to release the DVD as soon as possible. But it is continuing for a great period it seems in the cinemas.
Chase Carey : We are not going to yank it out of theaters when it is doing $30 million a weekend.
Rupert Murdoch : It was $30 million here but it was $95 million outside of here in the rest of the world. So we have $125 million a weekend, at even $100 million we will keep it going.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: On the sequels and any change in the economics?
Rupert Murdoch : Sequels, we are in very early talks about it. Jim has ideas for one. We haven’t come to any agreement with him or budgets or timing or anything. Being Jim Cameron I wouldn’t hold your breath for an early one.
Chase Carey : We certainly both intend to have one.
Rupert Murdoch : We will be pushing for one.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I guess I am getting is there a chance you will have more than 40% of the economics in a sequel?
Rupert Murdoch : Not necessarily. We are very happy with the way the break up has come. Jim Cameron’s pictures tend to go over budget and we like to lay off the risk of loss. 60/40, 50/50. You are in that area. We don’t know if there is still going to be the money there but I think after the experience of our partners this time they will be back.
Chase Carey : We think film financing is still an intelligent way to run the business. As we negotiate them going forward we negotiate them. It is a negotiation like anything else. There is value inherent in a sequel.
Rupert Murdoch : Ask anybody. It is very easy to drop $100 million in a hurry on a film and we like to lay off a lot of the risk.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: On the…
Chase Carey : On the ad market, on a positive it continues to be really good in a very strong ad market. The network is still doing scatter business at 15%, sort of mid teens above the up front. The cable channels really solid, double digits in news. The entertainment business on the cable side probably in the neighborhood of 20% of up front. Sports which has probably been the one that probably had the toughest road to hoe given some things like autos is actually stronger than it has been. So the ad market has really been a solid market. In the station business I think Dave said it the station business we have a quarter that looks like it will be sort of mid to high teen’s year-over-year. So you still have an environment where I would say you don’t have the visibility historically you had and people talk about the economy and how reliable are some of the positive things you are seeing but certainly with those qualifications what we are experiencing and dealing with in the marketplace all continues to be positive from an advertising perspective really across stations, network and cable.
Rupert Murdoch : I think you could say this quarter looks like the stations will be up 18-19% but you must remember we are now beginning to compare with some very bad quarters last year and are we down on the booms years of two years ago? Yes, certainly. But our profits are very well up on last year.
Chase Carey : To your question….
Rupert Murdoch : You can only see one quarter. In newspapers, it is very hard to see more than 2-3 weeks.
Chase Carey : In terms of what is the longer-term profitability of the broadcast business and the network combined, it is certainly…I am not going to be specific. It is certainly $1 billion plus business.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Janedis – Wells Fargo.
John Janedis – Wells Fargo: I have a question on Sky Italia. It looks like this year you could see margins maybe back to the 2007 levels. I assume you think you could increase subs by at least a couple of million over time. I am wondering what should we look at as a leading indicator for improvement in the business? Is it less promotion? The economy? Political? Something else? Are we at a point now where the soccer and programming costs are largely fixed so we can see a start of the margin going forward when you see the sub gains?
Chase Carey : I think as we look at Sky Italia, if I look next calendar year roughly probably it is not where we are focused on sub growth. I think it probably is a more stable sub environment. So that tough economy. We sort of really are getting to the end of digesting the price increase, the VAT increase that occurred close to a year ago. So it helps just as we absorb that. I think we had to adjust to some of the issues in terms of selling our product with the loss of advertising space on the media fat channels. Again, I think we are making adjustments and the court has given us the right to do it. I think we are again, sort of appropriately getting on top of that. Given that environment our focus in the short-term we are looking at stabilizing that appropriately and managing the business in a tough environment. I think if you look through towards the end of the year and going forward we do really still think we have a lot of sub growth in front of us. It is a market that still has only 30% pay penetration. We have a great product. I think we have a great brand and a great franchise in the market place and we really should be able to build on that position as we go forward. The Soccer deal we have a deal done for three years so we have CPI type increases in the next three years so we have a pretty predictable situation in terms of those costs. And I think our focus in the short-term again we will probably be on stabilize the business dealing with some of the issues we have had like churn. Churn has been a challenge this year and again similar with the price increase. The market itself but I think we feel we are taking the steps to get on top of it but I guess if I had to look for something in the short-term I think something like churn would be the type of measure we would be focused on and improving efficiencies and really stabilizing that business in a tough environment so it can grow which it should.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank : I wanted to ask about growth prospects for cable networks. Profits have increased over four fold from 2004 to now to at least what looks like a $2 billion plus of EBIT this year. The last year or two had a good chunk that was driven by Fox News renewals. I was hoping you could help us understand how much growth is left at cable networks. Can you break down the drivers of growth from here? Also indicate how much longer can cable nets maintain double digit profit growth. That would be helpful.
Rupert Murdoch : Certainly in Sky News we have had most of the effect of the big increase in the price we are charging for it but we have another year to go before everybody [cut] kicks in. It probably will not be as big an increase as this year but it is a very solid one, turning a big double figure. Overall, we think we have great potential for growth in our existing channels both in profits and in distribution. We have quite a long way to go yet. When you look at the profits of a long established channel like USA we have got plenty of room for growth.
Chase Carey : I would second that. If you look at it in two levels in the U.S. I think you are going to head into a period where it is quality over quantity and I think we said that before. I think if you got really strong channels you should be able to drive them. I think we are more popular than ever. I think we are continuing to take share and if you look at our big drive channels FX is nowhere near what USA generates. Nat Geo nowhere near where something like Discovery Channel generates. Fox News realistically, Fox News just continues to get stronger and stronger. I don’t know there is a channel that is more important or powerful in the television universe in the U.S. I think that channel has great upside to it. I think those powerful channels which are going to drive it have a lot of room left to grow and is something we are bullish about. The international marketplace which is the other front really at its core is going to get driven as the international pay TV business really follows the U.S. business in terms of growth and penetration first and foremost. We are a leader in most of the places we deal if we do business so we are in a great position to take advantage of those markets as they grow in terms of size, penetration and the like. We think that business internationally has enormous growth ahead of it as the market grows and we take advantage of the position and we enter those competitive markets. It is a business that has a lot of room to grow. I know everybody asks where does the money come from. Realistically we want good relationships with distributors but the distributors are making a lot of money with big, healthy profit margins. I guess those will be the negotiations we have in the marketplace to get our fair share for the quality of the content we have.
Rupert Murdoch : Basically throughout the world outside of America which is pretty fully developed you have about 20% growth in Pay television wherever you look, wherever it is available in the world. We are on those platforms and we get that 20% growth. We expect to put other channels on, to charge more and improve them. We have a very big future ahead of us there. I think we have really only just started.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein : Dave I wanted to know if you could help us drill down on papers for a second? What percentage of the revenue growth and profit growth has come from currency or what was organic?
Dave DeVoe : It is about $190 million of revenue from currency and about $25 million of the earnings. As I said before, that relates to the Australian dollar strengthening against the U.S. dollar.
Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein : In terms of your guidance for this fiscal year and operating profits does your guidance envision Avatar going to DVD? You kind of danced around that. Is that part of what you are assuming when you provide guidance?
Rupert Murdoch : I didn’t get that. I am sorry.
Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein : No the question we have is within your operating income guidance for this fiscal year does that assume DVD release for Avatar in the current fiscal year?
Rupert Murdoch : Yes but it won’t be 3D. At this stage the science is not developed into 3D DVDs. Isn’t that correct?
Chase Carey : We haven’t put a date out. We are not going to…we will have actually the second copy. We want the opportunity to have it evolve as much as 3D Avatar down road but not in this window. The only thing I will say on the film is if you look year-over-year we had a pretty good second half last year so in terms of what is driving year-over-year compared to when you get to the second half we had a pretty good film year in the second half. I wouldn’t say it is the film that is driving the second half.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital.
Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital: I wanted to follow up on this whole retrans issue. I think Chase you said at an investor conference several months ago that if ESPN gets $5 a month why shouldn’t Fox be getting $5 a month. I guess you had incredible success with Idol and Season 9 and you have obviously gotten retrans and the cable operators seem increasingly willing to play ball on retrans in bigger and bigger ways. I am wondering what are the issues? Is it regulatory? What stopped you from literally setting a hard level of something like $4-5 per month per sub for the Fox Network? How do you drive this far faster even than you are now or why aren’t you even just pushing with an extra zero in front of it?
Rupert Murdoch : We are modest people.
Chase Carey : I guess in some ways Rome wasn’t built in a day. We have important relationships with distributors. We want to get fair value for our content but I think in all honesty we tried to approach this constructively. We built businesses with them. We built valuable cable channels. We feel we have enormous value in the Fox network. We felt with the right thing to do was to try and take a big step forward to get the value of that Fox content recognized. Could you argue it is worth significantly more? Sure. You could. There are a lot of issues involved. Certainly you did hear noise from an array of fronts and I think you try to take all those factors in terms of the relationship you have with them in other businesses, the broader marketplace and try to figure out how do you get this to a place that at least gets us started in terms of recognizing the fair value for the Fox Network. It doesn’t have…I think what we are trying not to do is while it is a difficult negotiation and a negotiation that ultimately was really destructive to a point that fractured a lot of things in a way that it wasn’t sort of respecting how do we continue to build a business with the distributors as we have over the last X years.
Rupert Murdoch : I would just like to add the big cable companies are making really great operating profits and what we are asking for and even of our network competitors ask for the same and get the same is certainly not going to kill the cable companies. Maybe 10% of their operating profits. We still have 2-3 years to pass through.
Chase Carey : I think over time we expect we should get a value that is reflective of the value of our content. It is a matter of how do you get there in a way that is I guess people would call it aggressive and another level that we tried to be respectful of an array of fronts and relationships.
Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital: When you look at the deals you have outstanding if this is the baseline of your new contract strategy going forward how many years before…is it a 2-year process? Do you get 50% of it in the next 12 months and the other 50% the year after? What kind of is the waterfall to get this to affect the vast majority of the country for you over the next few years?
Chase Carey : I think what I said was again the ones we deal directly with we have some [inaudible] of affiliates but we don’t have quite the visibility through the affiliate side, but my guess is it is not dissimilar. The ones we deal with directly it is a 3-4 year process. Probably in the next few years about half of the sub base about half of them or so.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Imran Khan – JP Morgan.
Imran Khan – JP Morgan: Can you please talk about your view on the value of film libraries in current conditions? There are two reportedly for sale, MGM and Miramax. Are these two attractive and complimentary assets for a major studio like News Corp.? Secondly, cable networks which is roughly half of your operating profit the markets were 34% in this quarter operating profit. How should we think about long-term operating profit margins for this business?
Rupert Murdoch : There are two questions. Film libraries. It is just a matter of opinion what they are worth. The big one, MGM is for the most part very old and there are some good films there. The right price we would be interested but it appears that others are more interested. I think you can count us out of that one altogether. We don’t know how that will end up. I can rule out Miramax right away.
Chase Carey : I think in terms of film libraries again it is certainly value. You have to look at a DVD market that is in decline not growth which is a significant part of it. On the flip side the television market overseas is pretty healthy. The second issue on film library is you need that current product that clearly reinvigorates. If you just have a stale library that sits there and gets stale over time it is probably a depreciating asset. So I think it is important in a film library that has current product flowing in that continues to give it a currency and liveliness to it. I think in terms of the long-term cable, long-term cable margins I think we could leave it as we have got it and we continue to drive and in some ways the business is as quickly as you take global franchises that probably have opportunities. National Geographic, National Geographic Wild, the type of content that really travels around the world I think gives us an opportunity to really create value very cost efficiently and the like. So I think we feel good about where the cable business is and opportunities to continue to drive those margins forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang – Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang – Credit Suisse : On the guidance, I believe you grew EBIT about 26% in the first half so the guidance would seem to imply a little bit of a deceleration in the second half despite the ad market getting better, comps getting easier plus Avatar.
Dave DeVoe : When you doubled your guidance it was a deceleration but…essentially it is the same as we had before. We had a great first half in the film company.
Spencer Wang – Credit Suisse : Then maybe a second question for Rupert.
Rupert Murdoch : This quarter we honestly do not have any visibility on the last quarter and certainly you will be paying the usual business of charging a lot for new films for the next financial year.
Chase Carey : The biggest [tailgate] in the film was we actually had a very good last year a very weak first half and much stronger second half. So we have comparative to last year we got a big benefit in the first half on a comparison from a weak film business the first six months of fiscal 2009.
Spencer Wang – Credit Suisse : Maybe one quick question for Rupert. On the books business obviously there has been a bit of controversy over how Apple may price e-books versus Amazon. I was wondering if you could just share with us your perspective on retail or wholesale pricing with books in a digital delivery mode?
Rupert Murdoch : We don’t like the Amazon model of selling everything at $9.99. They don’t pay us that. They pay us the full wholesale price of $14 or whatever we charge. We think it really devalues books and it hurts all the retailers of the hard cover books. We are not against [inaudible] books. On the contrary we like them very much indeed. It is low cost to us and so on. But we want some room to maneuver in it. Amazon, sorry Apple in its agreement with us which has not been disclosed in detail does allow for a variety of slightly higher prices. There will be prices very much less than the printed copies of books but still will not be fixed in a way that Amazon has been doing it. It appears that Amazon is now ready to sit down with us again and renegotiate pricing.
Chase Carey : Before turning to the press inquiries which will be next, I would like to leave investors with a few closing comments. We obviously feel good about our second quarter results and the momentum of our business for the rest of the year with our fiscal 2010 guidance doubling from a quarter ago. But with these results do not really reflect the degree to which our businesses are truly positioned to grow over the next few years. In broadcasting as we have touched on we are now on track to build a dual revenue stream business that enables Fox to achieve a value that equals its strength and its importance to viewers. Our leadership in content creation in both film and television as Rupert said, continues to build as many of our competitors struggle and new technologies like 3D and mobile platforms open up new avenues of revenue growth. At the same time these new platforms and devices open up new avenues for our new sports and print content. Our cable channels have great momentum both in the U.S. and overseas. In the U.S. we believe quality brands and content will be the real winners. Channels like Fox News and Nat Geo ideally position us. Internationally we have built a position of true leadership that will take advantage of its subscription TV as it catches up with the U.S. and around the world. These businesses while they are all unique franchises provide News Corporation a great opportunity to drive our profits and cash flow to a whole new level as we grow beyond this year. Thank you. With that I guess we will turn it over to the press.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Clark – The Guardian.
Andrew Clark – The Guardian: I wonder if you could just give us an update on where you are with charging for newspaper websites. Have you made a decision for what kind of model you will be implementing whether it will be some sort of metered or membership model and what that climate is looking like?
Rupert Murdoch : We are looking at various alternatives. I don’t think we are ready to announce what they will be. We won’t be ready yet to make an announcement but we are in the midst of a lot of talks with a lot of people that are coming to a head and I think you will hear a lot more from us over the next two months.
Andrew Clark – The Guardian: I don’t know if you had a chance to read Alan [inaudible] recent lecture but I wonder what you think of people who all think that newspapers are sleepwalking into oblivion if they feel they cannot see an irreversible trend of content becoming free?
Rupert Murdoch : I think that sounds like BS to me.
Andrew Clark – The Guardian: So you think that free content strategy is not going to work?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Li – The Financial Times.
Ken Li – The Financial Times: Rupert you mentioned earlier that traffic was stabilizing at My Space. Can you give us an update on the traffic at My Space with regard to Google and will it still fall short by about $100 million on that $900 million agreement?
Rupert Murdoch : On the search the answer is yes. It does fall short. I think we have seen on both, everybody I think Facebook sees this too that people using social networks do not use search a great deal. But our advertising is showing a little bit better strength for the future. It has been disappointing and there is a lot going on there. We have made tremendous reorganizations and it is really too early to make confident predictions.
Chase Carey : Trend wise clearly things have improved. We have got work in progress. I think it is better service.
Rupert Murdoch : From going down we are beginning to go up. It is too early to draw big conclusions.
Chase Carey : I think in terms of we are pretty much on track with what we talked about a quarter ago.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shira Ovide – Wall Street Journal.
Shira Ovide – Wall Street Journal: Since the Time Warner Cable deal has been such a focus today by year four of that deal could you give us a sense if Time Warner Cable has agreed to pay more than $0.60 per sub for Fox?
Chase Carey : We are not going to comment on specific contract terms.
Shira Ovide – Wall Street Journal: Even to give a range?
Chase Carey : No, we are not going to comment. We feel we achieved the goals we set out to achieve. We are not going to comment on specific terms.
Shira Ovide – Wall Street Journal: Let me just ask about late night then. Do you think you should and will start a late night TV show with Conan O’Brien?
Rupert Murdoch : I would say there are different opinions within the network. Certainly if the program people can show us that we could do it and be fairly confident of making a profit on it we would do it in a flash. We are giving it a lot of thought and a lot of examination.
Shira Ovide – Wall Street Journal: But you haven’t started talks with Conan or his representatives?
Rupert Murdoch : I am sure there have been some conversations but no, if you mean real negotiations, no.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Claire Atkinson – Broadcasting and Cable.
Claire Atkinson – Broadcasting and Cable: I wonder if you might be able to talk about second quarter cancellation options. Are we seeing marketers firming up for next quarter at this point? I wonder if we could get maybe an outlook on the up front whether we think that is going to be a lot stronger than last year’s?
Rupert Murdoch : It is January, that is six months away.
Chase Carey : Given we are selling scatter pricing at 15-20% off, I think we would probably have to take the cancellation. We are in a very good place in terms of what we have sold. So…
Rupert Murdoch : We will be going to the upfront as the number one network and stronger than anybody else but that is about all we can say.
Chase Carey : If things continue, and we can’t really predict the upfront but if they continue as they are now it will be better. There is a lot of time between now and then.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Claire Delahunty – The Business Spectator.
Claire Delahunty – The Business Spectator: Can you give any uptake for any plans to charge for online content and as well what regions will you be looking to do outside the U.S. market with charging for online?
Rupert Murdoch : We will be charging online wherever we have publications. We certainly plan on Australia, Britain and this country.
Claire Delahunty – The Business Spectator: Any more precise plans for Australia? Any specific online publications you will be looking at next?
Rupert Murdoch : It will certainly be true for all of our publications. We will see how it develops. It wouldn’t surprise me if Australia is a couple of months behind the other countries. It is just a tremendous amount of work to do everywhere.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ryan [Nakatumo] – The Associated Press.
Ryan [Nakatumo] – The Associated Press: Repeating the late night question if you do go into talks with Conan O’Brien how are your relationships with affiliates and how would you make that work? Would you potentially run into similar problems that NBC had with affiliates?
Rupert Murdoch : No, certainly very different ones. NBC’s problem was their move from 10 to 11 reduced the lead into all their news services which reduced the news service ratings which in turn gave Conan a much less lead in than Leno had been getting. We don’t have that problem. On the other hand, all our affiliates tend to run syndicated programming from 11 to 11:30. Most of them profitably. It will take time to adjust. If we started to go ahead and do it and do it at 11:00 rather than 11:30 immediately I am sure we would have some difficult negotiations. But I am speculating. We will have to wait and see.
Reed Nolte : Thank you everybody for joining the call today. If you have any further questions please call us in New York.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 6:30 p.m .ET today through February 11, 2010 at midnight. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 140389. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. That does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg – EVP, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs Dave DeVoe – Senior EVP and CFO Rupert Murdoch – Chairman and CEO Chase Carey – Deputy Chairman, President and COO
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Adam Alexander – JB Were Imran Khan – JP Morgan Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital Jolanta Masojada – Credit Suisse Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley David Bank – RBC Capital Markets Jason Bazinet – Citi Spencer Wang – Credit Suisse John Janedis – Wells Fargo Michael Morris – UBS Sarah Rabil – Bloomberg News Barbara Miller – ABC Radio Brian Stelter – The New York Times Shira Ovide – Wall Street Journal Claire Atkinson – Broadcasting and Cable James Quinn – Daily Telegraph Ken Li – The Financial Times George Zallie [ph] – Hollywood Reporter Richard Morgan – The Deal Andrew Clark – The Guardian Staci Kramer – ContentNext Media Andrew Edgecliffe – The Financial Times
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the News Corporation first quarter 2010 earnings release. For the conference, all participants are in a listen only mode; however, there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Gary Ginsberg. Please go ahead, sir.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you very much, operator. Hello everyone and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. On the call today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who is speaking to you from Sydney, Australia, Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. Dave will give a detailed presentation of the quarter results followed by Rupert who will give his own perspective and color on the quarter, as well as what he sees looking ahead. We'll then take your questions, first from the financial community and then from the press. But before we start, a little legalese, this call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-K for the three months ended September 30, 2009, lists risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such a filing. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
Dave DeVoe: Gary, thank you, and good afternoon everybody. As you will have seen in our earnings release today, we are pleased with the start to our fiscal 2010. While we continue to operate in a challenged economic environment, our first-quarter operating income increased 9% over last year's level. This improvement is due largely to very strong growth at our film and our cable network segments, which offsets declines at a number of our other businesses. Net income in the quarter was $571 million, this is a 11% increase over last year's result, and our earnings per share for the quarter were up 10% to $0.22 this year from $0.20 reported a year ago. This increase is driven by higher operating income contributions as well as improved equity earnings from affiliates. Now I would like to provide some additional context on the performance at a few of our businesses. At our film segment, the first quarter operating income was $391 million; this is up a $140 million or 56% over last year's result. This very solid performance was driven by the strength of worldwide theatrical results from Ice Age Dawn of the Dinosaurs. As , we incurred a substantial amount of this film's releasing cost last year, so we're recognizing sizable contributions from this record-breaking film this year. This film was just released into the home entertainment window last week and we expect continued strong contributions for the rest of the year. At our television segment, operating income in the third quarter of $38 million declined by 45 million as compared to the first quarter a year ago. This is largely due to lower televisions stations revenues and to a lesser extent reduced Fox Network results due to higher primetime programming cost. The station's operating income decreased 26% in the quarter reflecting lower local television advertising as well as less political advertising as compared to a year ago. Moreover this result which included an increase in our market share is moderately better than our initial expectations, and Rupert will comment on our current station advertising trends in a moment. Now moving on to the cable networks, where we continue to show very solid growth with operating income contributions up 41% above a year ago, the largest year-over-year gains in the quarter were from the Fox News Channel and this is due to higher affiliate rates and also additional subscriber growth, our international channels, from affiliate revenue increases, and the regional sports networks, reflecting higher affiliate rates. Also note that our Star operations were reorganized in the quarter, and as a result their financial results are now included this year and last year as part of this cable network programming segment. Star reported strong growth particularly from our Indian operations in the quarter. However these profits from operations were fully offset by $28 million in restructuring related costs. This compares to $29 million operating loss at Star a year ago which was primarily due to the cost of the termination of a distribution agreement. Turning to our Italian pay television operations, Sky Italia, Sky had operating income of $128 million in the quarter, a $37 million decrease from last year. Sky Italia continues to operate in an extremely challenging business and economic environment aggravated by a significant tax increase on our subscribers. Despite these factors, Sky Italia grew local currency revenue by 1% and this is driven by a 5% increase in the average subscriber base as compared to the prior year's quarter. This growth is more than offset by increased programming cost due to the larger average subscriber base, higher SAC cost and the addition of 16 new channels over last year. In the quarter, gross additions totaled approximately 180,000, which equals the churn, resulting in no change to our 4.8 million subscriber base since year-end. However, Sky Italia renewed approximately 94% of the $1.2 million annual contracts that expired in the quarter, which represents over 25% of our subscriber base. Sky Italia should be on course with an annual churn rate of approximately 13% and this rate is consistent with what we achieved in the prior year. Monthly ARPU in the quarter averaged €42 as compared to last year's €43. And to adjust the current weak economy, various promotions have been offered at Sky to attract new surprises. In fact on October 21, we announced a complete revamping of our pricing structure to provide greater choice and value to the Italian market. SAC in the quarter was approximately 280 euros and this decreased from the prior year's quarter due to lower market spending in aggregate on a per subscriber basis. As a result of our subscriber initiatives at quarter end, over 1.6 million subscribers would have taken at least one premium service such as HD, DVR or a second box compared with approximately 900,000 subscribers a year ago. And the significance of this is that premium service subscriber churn rate was one quarter of the non premium subscribers. In the newspaper and information service segment, operating income in this year's quarter was $25 million, and this is down more than 109 million from last year's first quarter, and this reflects reduced advertising in all markets that more than offset significant cost reductions. While this segment was challenging compared throughout the first half of our fiscal year, the first quarter results were still in line with our expectations. And despite the first quarter's decline, we still expect the full year results will be down only modestly from what we achieved in our last fiscal year. In the other segment, we reported a first-quarter operating loss of $128 million, this is 27 million higher than a year ago. This increased loss primarily reflects the absence of NDS' operating profit this year due to the partial sale in early February 2009. The first quarter a year ago result at NDS was $29 million of operating income. In addition, at the digital media group, where we are in significant transition, reported higher losses principally from lower search and advertising revenues, offset in part by cost reductions from our recent restructurings. In total, our revenues declined about approximately 26% in the quarter. And finally let me address our guidance for fiscal 2010, and as a reminder just as we did at year-end, we measured this guidance excluding some fiscal 2009 reported results, impairment, and other operating charges, as well as the $121 million in operating profit from NDS which is no longer consolidated in our operating income. As we look at measuring growth in fiscal 2010, we're comparing it to a base of 3.44 billion in operating profit for fiscal 2009. In early August, we give guidance anticipating our operating income growth rate for fiscal 2010 to be in the high single digit range, above the 3.44 billion fiscal 2009 adjustment results. Since that time, we have performed better than anticipated in our film segment on the strength of Ice Age III, in addition to the US local television environment firming up a little better than we had assumed earlier. However, it is still very early in our fiscal year, and we have significant activity ahead of us without clear visibility due to the economic uncertainties. For example, key movies led by Avatar are yet to be released and the major programs of the Fox Network scheduled. American Idol and 24 have not yet launched. In addition, it would take longer than expected to achieve our revenue goals at some of our digital media businesses including MySpace. As a result, taking all these items into account and excluding the effect of restructuring related charges, we are increasing our operating income guidance to a growth rate range in the high single to low double digits above the fiscal 2009 adjusted results. With that I would like to now turn the call over to Rupert for some additional comments.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you Dave. Like Dave, I'm pleased with the quarter's results. The early steps we took to increase market share of our leading global franchises are starting to pay off as are our restructuring efforts. As I look ahead, I am seeing some encouraging trends in most of our businesses. At our US television operations, we are seeing marked improvement from last year, when we experienced the largest ever year-over-year drop in earnings in our history. Fortunately, we appear to be emerging from the bottom of that cycle. While revenues at our TV stations declined 14% in the just reported September quarter, revenues [ph] for the December – this current December quarter look promising. Excluding political advertising, October is about flat with last year and November is up in the mid teens. These are the best results we have seen in seven quarters. Advertising trends at Fox Broadcasting are also encouraging with scatter pricing above upfront levels, and the available inventory is selling well this December quarter. Fox ranks as the number one (inaudible) in adults 18 to 49, and is the only broadcast network to see audience gains over last season. Season to date ratings are up 16% as against the other three networks all being down. These ratings reflect the strength of our entertainment franchises as well as the power of our sports program. ALCS ratings are up 35% with the previous years NLCS and the World Series ratings are up 36% compared to last year. I'm also quite pleased with the renewed momentum at our film segment. As David mentioned, Ice Age III, posting stellar results to become the highest grossing animated film ever outside the United States. Fox Films has proven itself adept at expanding its franchises and I'm confident we will lead the Christmas season, and I'm certain moviegoers will be as excited and moved as I was of the storytelling and technology behind James Cameron's 3-D film Avatar. I would also like to express how confident I am in our global cable network programming segment where operating profit is up in excess of 40%. This growth is not an anomaly. Cable network generates roughly half the company's operating income and it became the mainstay of the company's cash flow and earnings growth. The strength and durability of this global business is no accident. It reflects the elite structure of our franchises, the dual revenue streams, well diversified target genres, and transportability to developing markets with untapped growth potential. More than 70% of cable revenues in the first quarter were generated through affiliate fees which grew 18% over the first quarter a year ago. These fees provide stability in volatile end markets with the bulk of these revenues locked in with multiyear agreements with annual escalators. We leveraged our strong cable brands and diversified genres to satisfy viewer interest. The power of our brand recognition is reflected by consistently strong ratings at Fox News, Fox Sports, FX, Star, and National Geographic, a brand we feel is still very much under exploited. Much as important is the opportunity to export the strength of these franchises in the international marketplace where we have unmatched competitive strengths. First, a deep knowledge of the international marketplace gained from being the largest distributor of movie television and news content worldwide. Second wide-ranging experience in managing paid TV services with significant ownership positions in paid TV platforms in Britain, Italy, Germany, Australia and India. This gives us intimate knowledge of what content works, whom to sell it to, and how to sell it. And the biggest advantage of all, through the Fox International Channels Group, we already have unassailable beachhead with more than 200 cable channels of all sizes and languages in more than 60 countries reaching nearly a billion people. As strong as our cable channel business is today, it still has a lot of room for expansion. In fact, I believe the longer-term opportunity for growth will dwarf what we have accomplished thus far. As , our digital media group is undergoing a significant transition following its restructuring and realignment earlier this year. While it is difficult to predict the timeframe in which you will see improved results, these efforts have clearly put these businesses on more solid ground for future growth. I cannot finish without making a quick comment on our newspaper business. Here in Australia, the economy is markedly better shape than in the United States and newspaper advertising trends are picking up sooner than we had anticipated just a few months ago. For what it is worth, all our worldwide newspapers and television businesses are having a great November. The Wall Street Journal recently surpassed USA Today to become the largest newspaper circulation in the United States in spite of strong price increases. On the digital side, WSJ.com has more than will 1 million paid subscribers, which is an important data point as we work to get compensated for our online content from all our news sources. As you can see overall, I'm very confident about both the short and long-term future of our company. Our industry and the economies we are operating in are clearly in better shape than they were a year ago. However, I am prepared to remain conservative in treating this recovery as still a little fragile. I expect 2010 to be a year of stability, that puts us in a great position to be ahead for full economic recovery, regardless of its degree of strength, and we will continue to operate smartly and confidently under the protection of our strong balance sheet. And with that Chase, David and I would be happy to address any of your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we just remind you that the executive team will take questions first from the members of the financial community and then we will move to members of the press. In the interest of time, once again, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. And we'll go to the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. How about one question for two people. First to Rupert, now that you seem more confident in underlying business trends, I was wondering if you could update us on your thoughts of returning capital to shareholders?
Rupert Murdoch: We don't have any thoughts about doing that. We are growing strongly, we are nervous about the future. Our businesses are doing well. But that's really an economic question, and I think that we are right to be sitting on this cash. We do have a $2 billion repayment schedule next year of debt, so it is not as huge as it looks.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then to Dave, within guidance, could you just update us on what your revenue expectations are included, advertising assumptions, and is there anything for retransmission factored into the guidance?
Dave DeVoe: No. There is nothing for retransmission. And the advertising assumption is basically slightly better than it were at year-end.
Gary Ginsberg: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: That's from Adam Alexander with JB Were. Please go ahead.
Adam Alexander -- JB Were: Good afternoon. Just looking back one year when we downgraded the outlook significantly, I think at the time one third of that was due to the strong US dollar which had accounted for about 350 million of operating income. Given the complete reversal in currencies now and the weakness in the US dollar, maybe Dave, can you tell us what the impact is on your operating income and what sort of currency assumptions you have got in that guidance?
Dave DeVoe: The income to us is still dollars recovered, nowhere as near as weak as it was. So, for example, in the current quarter, we have factored slightly less than $40 million negatively with respect to advertising – excuse me, with respect to foreign exchange rates, and we would expect that to reverse a bit over the remainder of the year since the currency is as weak in this quarter, particularly against the euro and the Aussie dollar. But today it is negative.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question please.
Operator: That's from Imran Khan with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Imran Khan – JP Morgan: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my questions. In terms of international cable networks, half of your profit comes from cable networks, and in the international market, can you help us understand what kind of advertising trend you are seeing in the international market, and also how many channels do you think you're planning to launch this year, and also maybe give us some color about the margin differentiation between international versus US. Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: No I think the international market for the most part is a new growth area. As we see relatively undeveloped markets and they are all growing in pay television I think in double digits, 15 or 18% on average throughout the world. And where we – we are on nearly all those systems with cable channels, and they will grow with those systems and with that worldwide trend. So we're pleased about that. How many channels are we going to start this year? I don't know. I think it is in the area of another 30 but I need to check that figure.
Chase Carey: I mean I guess I would add to it. I mean I think the core of our growth is in many ways going to be, we have got, we have taken the channels we have got and really driving them to their potential. I met one of the great things about the international marketplace is the US pay penetration that is early stages of where it will ultimately grow to, unlike the US where you have got relatively mature markets in terms of penetration. You have got great upside left in really most of the countries around the world and I think the heart of this growth is going to be really taking our big channels like National Geographic, Fox channels we have and not sort of adding volumes though we will do that. We will go into territories as we go but I think the heart of it really is making the channels we have stronger, bigger, and taking advantage of the inherent growth in those marketplaces, and we have got, we really have a leadership position in terms of cable programming almost all the places we are at. We do expect solid ad growth this year but I think in many ways the international market is going to be driven by the growth of pay television over many years. So I think this is the place where we see both short and really long-term growth pay television matures around the world.
Imran Khan – JP Morgan: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. I have one for Chase or Rupert. Lately you guys have been very loud about retransmission opportunities for your stations, I wonder without telling us which deals come up, I know you won't do that, can you tell us what percentage of your footprint deals expire in each of the next three years or how many potential renegotiations could we be seeing in the next one, two, three years for retransmission?
Chase Carey: Again you're probably right. We are not going to get too far into any of the specifics, we think retransmission is important for us to have a dual revenue stream for these businesses. You're probably over a three year period. The majority of our direct relationships with distributors which made the O&O relationships with distributors will come up. There is also a dimension to this that is dealing with our affiliates whether it is retransmission that sort of deals with the value of network programming that we provide there that we have that conversation. So there are really two dynamics, two dimensions to this, but the majority of this will come up over a period that I would probably say would be in the two to three year timeframe.
Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And let me ask Dave a question. I think Rupert said that affiliate fees were up 18% and it is 17% of the revenue base or so. Does that imply advertising was still down in cable for you, could you talk a bit about your cable advertising trends, especially at the RSN level?
Dave DeVoe: Yes. I mean on the cable side sales were down a bit. We actually expect them probably be up mid high single digits for the year but for the first quarter probably down mid single digits. Probably the sports area is the one that we are going to be more dependent on automotive and categories that probably got hit a bit harder. So it is a mixed bag across those channels but I would say in aggregate yes the cable channels were down a bit. If I look at this quarter I would probably expect to be up a bit this quarter, but that said, it is sort of what the first quarter look like.
Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: And next from the line of Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital: Hi. Questions kind of Sky Italia, the whole situation in Italy, we have seen the VAT tax added, we have seen Berlusconi try to prevent you from advertising on TV, and both sides kind of declared victory when the court rendered its opinion, the Milan Court, today taking action on soccer rights and the whole rights situation, can you just give us a sense of obviously what is going on in Italy, and how should we think about it? And then just a quick follow-up on something Dave said about MySpace in terms of I think you search revenues were actually down and I though I was under the impression that search was fixed through next June, I mean just curious what was going on there? Thanks so much.
Chase Carey: I guess in Sky Italia, touch that one first, and I think David touched it, look in the short term, I guess it's we are dealing with, we've been dealing with a few challenges, a tough economic and a bad tax in many ways essentially is the pricing freeze. I think our focus in the short-term was to stabilize the business with those in the face of those charges. As we go forward, we feel great about this business. You still have pay television in Italy. That was mid 20% in terms of penetration and so it is an enormous upside to where we can take the business. We are continuing to – I think we are now moving forward to take some initiatives to continue to as we stabilize it pick up forward, Dave again touched on the program packages, we changed. We have had this dynamic with the government and I guess over time we will get a place where we are competing in the commercial marketplace not in the government capital and be able to take this business to it potential was we think it has great potential. We feel very good about things they have done. We have got a platform that is bumping up that 5 million subs. And we think pay television has a great future in Italy.
Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital: And then the question on search?
Dave DeVoe: The question on search, and what was the…
Rupert Murdoch: Well, I think it is quite simple, I can jump in on that. The search revenue I think Dave mentioned that we needn't go much further out. We have not been making minimum guarantees, so our search revenue will not be what was advertised much earlier, but Dave has covered that. Am I correct Dave?
Dave DeVoe: That's correct, yes.
Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital: Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Jolanta Masojada with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jolanta Masojada – Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. Just to notch up the comments you made about being pretty conservative so on the economic outlook and having the $2 billion debt repayment, can you just talk about your attitude to acquisitions and whether you would be tempted by anything that may come along?
Chase Carey: In terms of acquisitions, look I mean again I think our preference is really in general to build over volume and I think that's historically how we built value in this company, and whether it is Sky or Fox News or other franchises, that has been the heart of what we've done. I think to the degree there are acquisition opportunities, I think we'd be selective and judicious about it, we'd be disciplined. But I think make sure if there is something, it fits. I think there are areas we think have growth potential, cable channels, international in the marketplace where we have some unique strengths to bring to bear. But I think if we did, we would want to make sure we're being disciplined about what we acquire and by and large most of the upside comes from things we can add to it not, we are not acquiring something and doing a lot of work to pay for it. But I think it is hard. We have great growth in the franchises we have. As we look at the businesses we have got here, great growth potential in them, I expect that to be what drives our business. And I think that is our focus. And to the degree we can find business, we can build to complement them, we will certainly pursue those. But selectively if we see an asset that we think we could acquire at attractive price, it fits, , I think we would do in a disciplined way, engage and consider it .
Rupert Murdoch: I would support that. I would just say that if you look at it historically, most of our best profit makers, I think either started from scratch or bought for peanuts. If you look at the London Sun, which is a roaring success, and very, very profitable, right through to the Fox film. We in fact paid for the Fox Studio about $300 million and it is now making on its film production and its television production nearly $1 billion a year. So we are not going to go rushing into huge things unless we see really wonderful fits.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question please.
Operator: And that will be from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Just want to follow up on the retrans question, if you are successful getting, I mean let's just fix $0.75 or so for sovereign retrans fees, does this…
Rupert Murdoch: Don't be so modest.
Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank: Just a views number, does that fix the broadcast business model as you suggested needs to be done, and do you take that money and put it in your pocket, do you take that money and invest it in programming to start to improve sort of the trend line for the broadcast business. And then separately, films are having a really strong year, is it possible to grow further and just given the tepid home-video trends, how would you go about doing that based on what you have seen so far with your tenure at the company now?
Chase Carey: Well, first on the network and broadcasting and the transmission, I mean clearly it is not sort of a one note song and it is just the transmission addresses the business. I mean I think you have got a variety of things on, we have to attack cost of content, you've got changing windows, value identification, value reruns, there are a lot of things changing in this business, emerging, digital distribution of content, and I think all those things that you had to deal with, you figured how to be smart about it. I think I do think you have to continue to invest in content, I think this is a business where you can't survive in the middle, I think it is all about leadership. And I think some of these (inaudible) that is going to be more hit driven than ever, and if you have hits, they're more valuable than ever. We ought to be smart about how we create those hits, we have to create some great platforms to do it. But I think the transmission in many ways is sort of a building block to sort of go address a lot of those things, I mean really I just think it is very tough to compete with the cable, the cable channel business model of dual revenue streams without having one in broadcasting but from there, they are certainly in a rally of other things that go from cost to affiliate relations to content windows and how do you create give events and capture value out of the content you're putting into the broadcast platform. So I do think there are a lot of things you need to do to continue to build this business. This can be a great business. I mean broadcast networks are still the pinnacle of the content world. They still get by multiples the biggest audience, the biggest events, and whether it is sports or American Idol or 24, they are great launching platforms for the best in content in television. So but there is a lot of things we need to do there. So it is not just simply fight for retrans, fight for transmission. I think in the film business, clearly I think the DVD business is maturing in a decline. I think fortunately we have some sort of distribution medium that are replacing DVD. Blu-ray is growing, I think probably more importantly and ultimately in a much bigger way, VOD is emerging. It is not going to be in a year but I think if you go out a couple of years, I think you'll stabilize that, and I think have growth opportunities as you really use the electronic medium, great windows and pricing and things you can't do in a hard goods that benefit you. I think at the same time the film business is going to clearly benefit in the short term from a shakeout in production volume, it's just not going to have any – as many releases in the marketplace, and that will help us top to bottom, certainly on the revenue side in terms of capturing windows and theatrical and video share of market, but equally in terms of cost and being more disciplined as you go into the business that is not as much free money around. And there is still question, we need to continue to get smarter about what you're not just trying to produce but market films. I think our film management team by a long margin is the best in the business. I think they have done a great job, I think they continue to do a great job, I think you see that this quarter, I think we feel great about where we are and where they are taking it, so I think we can continue to really create a leadership position with really smart guys managing a complicated business that I think as DVDs mature, we will have other distribution mediums that replace it.
Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thanks good, afternoon. Chase, to go back to some of the retrans comments, and you mentioned your affiliate relationships, could you see a scenario over the next five to maybe 10 years where all the retrans or subscription fees flow through the network and the relationship with the stations goes away effectively and if you don't, and you see the station as being sort of a key component of the affiliate fee retrans flow, does it make sense to own more stations? And then maybe for Rupert, any update on the Wall Street Journal .com as well as the e-reader stuff, there was a lot of discussion earlier this year about relationships with Amazon and the Kindle, could you just give us an update on that front as well?
Chase Carey: On the broadcasting model, I don't see stations going away. You know look I mean I think in many ways there's an opportunity to the still to sort of continue to build this model which really a station that is hard brings the best in local programming to a network which puts in place the best in national event programming, and I think that is a great mix, and I think which is why we're investing more in news and is commanding our news coverage, which is the ultimate local programming on the station side. I think it is time to share on retransmission, I think we are doing that on a basis since, what is the value in the marketplace, the content coming through these mediums, I think the stations have an important role. I don't see us probably being expanding into that. I think we are comfortable where we are, which I think is probably really focused on the biggest markets and being a global player I think it is probably a better place to really capture the to be in the markets that really set the pace and set the template for the broader business. So I think we're – I wouldn't see us expanding into it but I think long-term I think we would like to have a healthy relationship between stations and network and develop a sense of fairness to what is the value of retransmission and how should it be appropriately shared with the content.
Rupert Murdoch: Yes. On the wallstreetjournal.com, it is going ahead well. We are getting the pricing up very strongly. I think it is and we would be announcing some extra developments with it, if we haven't been addressing already, I'm not sure with the WSJ professionals. And which would be a much higher price for special disciplines in finance. But it is – on the, let me go on from that, because of the e-reader you mentioned, and Kindle. Kindle, look Kindle is a fantastic invention for reading books. It is not much of an experience for newspapers. We were -- at least Amazon was charging 9.99 for a subscription and only paying us 2.99. We have lifted that to $15 which would get over six dollars, $6.50 I think, it is not a great deal. We doesn't really think it is great (inaudible). Amazon treats those people as their customers, not our customers. So do we have the Kindle to be -- I mean they will keep developing, they are a great company. But they're not the only one. There'll probably be half a dozen e-readers of some sort on the market this Christmas. They're all very early stage black-and-white efforts. And we will certainly make ourselves available on the mall provided we get a paid share of the revenue. There is a lot of other work going on much more advanced models which I won't go on to here because it is still in the laboratories.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Thanks for the color on the local market and it sounds like you're really saying some nice sequential acceleration there. Can you give a little bit of similar color on the network side and while we noticed scatter prices to be upfront came upwards the upfront, can you give us a little bit of kind of scatter over scatter color? Thanks.
Chase Carey: David, the network business is actually pretty – for us it is a pretty good story. I mean I guess obviously ratings as Rupert touched on, have been great. The scatter market is really strong. I mean I know we said about, I said is about upfront pricing, they probably if is anything is a bit of honesty I would say probably scatter market stronger now than it was a month or two ago. I guess they qualified all sort of saying you still have a market that is shorter term than ever and the visibility is shorter than ever and so it is tough to get very far out in front of it because advertisers are given all the market is healthier buying later and looking out, try and look out into the first quarter of 2010, and the like, you don't have the visibility you would have had a year ago. But in the current market the scatter market is as strong as it has been but it requires a bit of a backbone because it is later than ever, so we need something like the NFL which do sell well. The ratings for the NFL are great. But it still the money comes in on a shorter time frame that it has historically in the past. But the national business is solid and there are some categories that are actually quite strong as we look at key areas like electronics, a few others.
Rupert Murdoch: I would just add that we have been greatly – mostly being greatly aided by our ratings. I mean the – we are winning like without any sensational ratings, we have winning four nights out of seven in the key demographics, and just coming of very solid performance there I think. So we are probably getting a bigger shared of what is out there. But and we have never been, I mean the last four years or five years we have been the number one network but we have never been number one so early in the season. Normally we run about third or fourth right up until the start of the American Idol, and we are already number one this year. So we have, I think we have got every reason to be pleased with our people and the job they're doing.
Chase Carey: And I would say (inaudible) a little bit, you took the September quarter, we are probably at the network level down in low to mid single digits year on year. And if you look at this quarter, we will clearly be up on year ago.
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet – Citi: I guess a few months ago I guess there was a question for Mr. Murdoch, a few months ago it seemed like the situation was pretty fluid in the Australian pay-TV market and I was just wondering if you could just update us on sort of your sense of the dynamics there and whether you think there in any role for the News Corp given your stake in Foxtel and Fox Sports? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: No. We're very happy at the progress of Foxtel and which we have the right to appoint the management but we only own a quarter of it. Fox Sports is very profitable but we only own a half of it, and that is the picture. There is endless talk going on with the new set up with Telstra, the privatized Telstra, the government talking about putting in a broadband network to every single home in the country for $40 billion or something. It is all in flux. That is all I can tell you. But certainly Foxtel will continue, the only question is whether we can improve our position within that.
Jason Bazinet – Citi: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Spencer Wang – Credit Suisse: Thanks. You – the new management team at MySpace and Fox Interactive has been in place for a couple of quarters now, can you update us on what the new strategy is to re-stimulate growth there? And then Chase you mentioned earlier that there are a lot of changes in the business with respect to windows and the value requalification [ph], in that context, could you envision a future where News Corp shed some assets and materially alters the asset mix of the company? Thank you.
Chase Carey: I can't (inaudible) in the MySpace question. I think what we have got we have got obviously spread a bit wide and thin and I think what we are focusing on is sort of the heart of our business going forward, really being a social network around key content sites. We are not trying to complete, we are not trying to compete with Facebook, we're not trying to beat Twitter, we're trying to create a unique expertise in terms of social networking, going out to content sites, and I guess particularly like music, video, and gaming. I think we are probably furthest along in music and I think we have taken some steps to give us pointers in the right direction. It is still clearly work in progress, I mean we are still losing traffic, so it is still – it is a business going though this transition as we try to focus on those. And so I say that's the heart of it is really creating a leadership position in terms of social networking around, focused around key content areas like music. I think in terms of the windowing question, I think probably it is more what has to be done than has it happened, I mean by and large probably most of the prices today are probably not where they have been, I think they're probably interesting always get a little hung up on sort of hanging on to its old practices, but clearly the values are reruns and the historical windows, the waiting five year for syndication like I think will change. I think people will have to start to move and try and develop those things. I'm not sure that's the next step to disposing of the business. I always want to be looking at what you're doing where you are, but right now if I looked at the mix of businesses, certainly in the content channels, platforms, geographic mix, I think it gives us some unique strengths that we can build and develop.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question please.
Operator: And that is from John Janedis with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Janedis – Wells Fargo: Hi, thank you. You guys referenced some softness at the RSNs over the past couple of quarters, you talked about auto earlier, can you give us more detail on what you're seeing on the ad front in sports related programming at the RSNs, the Big Ten and Fox? Thanks.
Chase Carey: I mean I think rating wise, it is okay. I think in terms of ad sales, it is actually even this quarter I think we I think we expect in the quarter ended December will be up a touch on ad sales. I think the automotive category has got a bit better in supplies held up. The first quarter was a top one for ad sales but we do expect it to be to be up a touch on the year and up a touch in the second quarter, so it certainly is better. I guess I would point out on the RSNs, of all of our businesses, it is the one that is largely driven by the affiliate, the affiliate fee side. So we have businesses, so you look at the mix of affiliate fees and ad sales, it is a business that is probably at the sort of high-end of the percentage of certainly for us, by a significant margin, high end driven by the size of affiliate fees, really driving the bottom line of that business, but (inaudible) you certainly had a tough first quarter is a bit better in the second quarter.
Rupert Murdoch: I just can explain a little bit. I think on the RSNs, they were local and the automotive there comes very largely from sponsorships, from the big local car dealers, and they were having a very, very rough time in this quarter under consideration. It seems to be easing up now. On the pure national front, direct expenditure from the Fords and General Motors and so on, the Toyotas, that seems to be coming back, not to its own level, but it is certainly clearly better. Is that right Chase?
Chase Carey: Yes, that is right. That is an accurate sentence.
John Janedis – Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: Operator, we will take one more question from the financial community and then we will go to the press.
Operator: Certainly. We will go to Michael Morris with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Morris – UBS: Hi, thank you. On the television station side, there was a pretty surprising impressive number, mid teens in number, can you give us some more color on that in terms of what categories you are seeing strength in, and maybe a little bit of whether, maybe how much is coming from the strong ratings that you're enjoying at the network level, so how much is, you are taking share in those markets, how much is money coming back in? And then also on the network side, as you look out beyond this quarter into the next quarter, what is your level of concern about there being a glut of inventory available given the lower up front sell out and have you seen any cancellations yet as you look out into the quarter? Thank you.
Chase Carey: I think if you look at November I mean there are a number of categories pretty positive, certainly, movies, I think fast food, financials, certain autos improved certainly, certainly sequentially, improved significantly. So they are pretty wide ranged, some are stronger than others, I mean there's a couple of big (inaudible) hi, I don't know what I did, some other voice coming in here, don't know for sure who it was -- but the, so it is a pretty -- it's a actually a pretty wide range, certainly the ratings are helping and we've got some of that, you get this World Series helping into markets like New York where New York [ph] fairly certainly helps those stations out there. It is a pretty good, a pretty good mix of categories that they are driving.
Rupert Murdoch: There has been steady -- each month has got a little bit better until finally in November it is great. But just a word of warning, the comparisons are going to be getting easier and easier, because about this time last year was the bottom part of the business. So to beat last year's figures, in the next few months should be pretty easy, because everybody, business just stopped. That is when we really took the big hit.
Chase Carey: Yes. And the other caution is certainly again back on the visibility point, I mean if you look at a couple of months, you still have a ways to go, and I guess if you looked at November a month ago, we still would have had a ways to go. So there is, money is still coming in very late in this process, which does make it more difficult to be probably able to focused out in time.
Rupert Murdoch: I think internally for our internal purposes, we have got to start looking more at comparing how we are today compared to two years ago rather than one year ago when we are clearly in a financial crisis.
Gary Ginsberg: Okay, we will go to the press, operator.
Operator: Certainly, and I will just give a quick reminder for the media. (Operator instructions). And one moment please, our first question, and that will be from Sarah Rabil with Bloomberg News. Please go ahead.
Sarah Rabil – Bloomberg News: Hi, Rupert. I was hoping you could update us on the comments you made about NBC at the annual operating? And I was wondering if is the Comcast stock or NBC are something you are still watching closely, is it something you are still looking at and how you might look to get involved with NBC?
Rupert Murdoch: No, we are not interested in NBC as such. I would just say, look, when things come around, we kicked the tires, but we are not in any talks with anybody at the moment.
Sarah Rabil – Bloomberg News: Thank you.
Operator: We will go to Barbara Miller with ABC Radio. Please go ahead.
Barbara Miller – ABC Radio: Hello. Can you hear me?
Gary Ginsberg: Yes, we can. Go ahead.
Barbara Miller – ABC Radio: Hello. Can you hear me?
Gary Ginsberg: Yes, we can. Take the next question, operator.
Operator: Certainly. And we will go to Brian Stelter with The New York Times. Please go ahead.
Brian Stelter – The New York Times: Thank you. There was much talk in the past three months about an agreement between News Corporation and General Electric to limit the attack between Fox and MSNBC. Is News Corporation continuing to seek to limit those attacks? And on a related note, do you view the tensions with the White House as being good for business or Fox news?
Rupert Murdoch: On the first thing, we did not start this abuse which we thought went way beyond personal and went way beyond -- not on me, but on others, and it was finally, we had to retaliate, and the moment they stop, we stopped. We don't believe in it and we don't think it is good business. As for tension with the White House, no, I think they have played it and it's probably been good for us in terms of ratings. But in fact we -- it was very interesting when they -- I don't know what prompted it (inaudible) a pool of press conference and all our competitors, ABC, CBS, immediately went to the White House and complained that this was not the way to treat anybody in the media because they might be next. But so we don't really have any continuing problem there at all. We cover them and they have said publicly that we are absolutely fair in our reporting of the White House. They just don't like one or two of our commentators which is I understand.
Brian Stelter -- The New York Times: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shira Ovide with the Wall Street Journal. Please go ahead.
Shira Ovide – Wall Street Journal: Hi, thanks. I was interested in whether you are still running for the Travel Channel?
Chase Carey: We are not going to comment on any sort of specific properties that we haven't today publicly commented on. So I think we will probably just leave that kind of as it is at the point.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question please.
Operator: And we will go to Claire Atkinson with the Broadcasting and Cable. Please go ahead.
Claire Atkinson – Broadcasting and Cable: Hello. I was interested to know how Comcast likely acquisition of NBCU changes how you deal with Comcast given that they are likely to own a broadcast network that will rival Fox's?
Rupert Murdoch: No. I think we will treat them on those levels as competitors, whereas as a cable company in a sense, they are partners. They distribute our properties and distribute them very well. We have good relations with them and for that matter we have good relations with NBC but we compete very vigorously in the marketplace.
Claire Atkinson – Broadcasting and Cable: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to the line of James Quinn with the Daily Telegraph. Please go ahead.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: Hi. Rupert, last time, the last quarter you talk about charging the news in paid websites by the end of the current financial year, by the end of June. Could you give an update on that, how that works going?
Rupert Murdoch: We are working all very, very hard at that but I wouldn't promise that we're going to meet that date.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: Right, okay. What's the delay?
Rupert Murdoch: With everything.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: Specific delay? Say it again?
Rupert Murdoch: I am not prepared to comment on that at all.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: Okay.
Rupert Murdoch: It is work in progress and there is a huge amount of work going on, not just with our sites, but with other people.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: Sure.
Rupert Murdoch: Like your company.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: Indeed, thanks.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Ken Li with The Financial Times. Please go ahead.
Ken Li – The Financial Times: Hi. If I understand you correctly, Chase, given that most of the contracts for retrans are expiring in the next three years, do think Fox can do better than the 200 million or so that CBS said it could generate by 2011?
Chase Carey: Again, I'm not going to get into projections. I think we did, we have great programming at Fox, we think it has great value. I think you can at what some of the channels, ESPN at the extreme, regional sports have, even the USA and TNT sched makes you are an touch with above [ph]. What you think Fox is worth, it probably actually is worth more significantly more than we will look forward, but I am not going to get into sort of what I think is probably discussions private discussion between parties and starting to quantify it. I think we will have discussions in private before we do in public.
Rupert Murdoch: I mean – I would just stress what Chase said. Just look at what ESPN gets and what its total audience is, it is a very important channel. But how many hours of viewing is there on ESPN for the average cable company, which they pay four dollars a month, and compare that with Fox. I'm not suggesting we are getting at $4, but it is just, we have to have some sense of relativity in values.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question please?
Operator: And that is from George Zallie [ph] with the Hollywood Reporter. Please go ahead.
George Zallie – Hollywood Reporter: Thank you. Chase, you mentioned that it is a good thing to do film releases every year compared to the past.
Gary Ginsberg: Can you speak up a little bit, we are not hearing you very well.
George Zallie – Hollywood Reporter: Can you hear me now?
Gary Ginsberg: Yeah.
George Zallie – Hollywood Reporter: Thank you. Chase you mentioned that it is a good thing to do film releases in the year, do you think there is going to be a further spending out from current levels (inaudible)?
Chase Carey: Excuse me, I mean release, I mean, I am not sure I heard all of it, but I think in terms of releases, I mean I think it is, I think it has declined into this season, but I think you will see further – I think you will see declines as you go forward. You obviously have the lag times, and sort of when some of the production money starts to dry up and third parties and the like will probably does affect releases still looking forward (inaudible) money out there before, it is not there now.
Rupert Murdoch: And as the stock goes, all you can say is, it's got a very good very promising slate of pictures coming up for the next 18 months. It is a very dangerous thing to predict ahead though.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question please.
Operator: We will go to Richard Morgan with The Deal. Please go ahead.
Richard Morgan – The Deal: So Rupert when you say that you're not in talks with anybody at the moment, could you sort of clarify that or put it in context regarding the Travel Channel, particularly in light of the cash flow (inaudible)?
Chase Carey: We have agreements on the Travel Channel, so we're not going to comment on the Travel Channel. On disclosures, we are not going to comment on disclosures on it. We have disclosure obligations and we're going to abide by them.
Richard Morgan – The Deal: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to Andrew Clark with The Guardian. Please go ahead.
Andrew Clark – The Guardian: Yes. Hi. Just wanted to ask about the Wall Street Journal, can you tell us whether the Wall Street Journal is profitable at the moment?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes.
Andrew Clark – The Guardian: It is.
Rupert Murdoch: Barely, but yes.
Andrew Clark – The Guardian: Okay, and I noticed it increased its circulation very slightly, but it still increased in the recent ABC figures, pretty much everyone else was down, how did you, what magic did you work to get the circulation up?
Rupert Murdoch: We produced a better newspaper.
Andrew Clark – The Guardian:
I mean does that…:
Rupert Murdoch: I am sorry, but it is as simple as that.
Andrew Clark – The Guardian: Was there a lot of marketing spending that went out to get extra..
Rupert Murdoch: Not at all. Well, nothing more than in the past or nothing extraordinary.
Andrew Clark – The Guardian: All right, thank you.
Operator: And we will go to Staci Kramer with ContentNext Media. Please go ahead.
Staci Kramer – ContentNext Media: Hi. Rupert, could you please give a little bit more on how you see the digital media group playing out over the next year? You talked about the idea of entertainment definition, how does that fit in with what you're doing? And also how does that fit in at all with what you're trying to do on the pay side for the newspapers?
Chase Carey: I'm not sure I got all that but I think I got a part of it. Again I think in terms of what – where we're going with MySpace, I think I would – beyond what I said, what I sort of described, I think Dave described sort of the content arenas we're looking to develop expertise and following in, and social networking round, I think what that because it is – you know we are in a state of transition, and really it is a work in progress. So I think probably to sit here and say we've got clear vision of what it looks like, and in 12 months is probably just not (inaudible). And I think when we have gone through significant changes in terms of lay offs, restructuring and new management, everything's been in place for a quarter plus, I think you have done a good job getting in the right direction, but it is still very much a work in progress. We are probably further along in probably the music category is the one, I think we are the furthest along in but it is -- but I think it is – it is work in progress and I would not (inaudible) and say we've got a vision what it is going to look like in 12 month, I think. We know some of the things, some of the things we think are opportunities, and we are trying to pursuing them, but we will see as it goes along. I guess I got to know, there is, I don't know whether there is a pay wall question, but really the pay wall question is not, is not related to MySpace, they are not, they are really not, they are really two separate initiatives. They are largely additional, we sort of, but on the one hand we have an additional fundamental percent of as we create content, the content we cerate, whether it is new content, entertainment content, sports content, how do you distribute that content in a digital world? And the pay wall initiative is all part of that and how we are distributing our content. I think that is one, sort of major strategic trust for us, I think there has been the others is how do we compete in the digital world that is not a direct extension of our content. Those two connect in places but I think the MySpace initiative is really much more competing, first and foremost in this digital universe. It is not a direct extension of our content and against MySpace over time clearly would have opportunities to work with our franchise, but right now the pay wall initiative is a very different one, they are really not connected and it's independent of our MySpace initiatives.
Staci Kramer – ContentNext Media: And Rupert, that $900 million guarantee from Google is extremely important in terms of rationalizing MySpace acquisition when it was made, how far short are you going to fall in the 900 million?
Rupert Murdoch: I don't know. I don't know but I would think I would be getting to answer that, but it will be a real figure.
Chase Carey: It'll be significant. I mean it would be a touch over half, but it'll be…
Rupert Murdoch: Certainly it'll drop 300 (inaudible) it was tied to very high guarantees which we have not met.
Chase Carey: It was something, Rupert, around 10% or something like that of the total spend, 100 million-ish type thing.
Staci Kramer – ContentNext Media: Okay, so..
Gary Ginsberg: We will stop with one last question, operator.
Operator: Certainly. That would be from Andrew Edgecliffe with The Financial Times. Please go ahead.
Andrew Edgecliffe – The Financial Times: Thank you. Can you update us on your plans for Dow Jones indexes has been sort of reporting that you've had approaches on interest, do you intend to keep full control or partial control?
Rupert Murdoch: No. We intend to keep absolute control of the name and the content of the index. Whether we merge without other index companies or something is another matter. And as a matter, I can't comment on at the moment.
Andrew Edgecliffe – The Financial Times: Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you everybody for joining the call. If you have any further questions please call us in New York, talk to Teri Everett or Jack Horner who would be happy to answer your queries. And have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for replay that starts today at 6:30 PM Eastern, and will last until November 14 at midnight. You may access the replay at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844. The access code 118492. That does conclude you conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - Executive Vice President, Investor Relations David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer K. Rupert Murdoch - Chief Executive Officer Chase Carey - President, Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen – BAS-ML Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital Richard Greenfield - Pali Capital Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Adam Alexander – Goldman Sachs JBWere Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Michael Morris – UBS John Janedis - Wells Fargo Securities Jason Bazinet - Citi Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. David Joyce - Miller Tabak & Co.
Media: Andrew Clark - Guardian News Ben Fricks - The Los Angeles Times James Quinn – Daily Telegraph George Zollie - Hollywood Reporter Brian Steinberg - Advertising Age Shira Ovide - Wall Street Journal Staci Kramer - paidContent Robert McMillan - Reuters
Operator:
Presentation:
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the News Corporation fourth quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Executive Vice President, Mr. Gary Ginsberg.
Gary Ginsberg: Hello everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. On today's call are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Dave Devoe, our CFO. As with our custom, we will start with a detailed presentation of the earnings from Dave and then Rupert and Chase will offer their perspectives on the future prospects of the company. We'll then take your questions.  This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp.'s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp.'s Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2009, lists risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements and are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used on this call are on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of our operating income is included in our earnings release and the EPS and net income reconciliation is posted on our Web site on our Investor Relations Earnings Release page. And with all that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: As you can see in today's earnings release, we closed out fiscal 2009 with full-year's earnings well below last year's level. This is primarily due to the challenging economic conditions we experienced across most of our businesses during the year. Besides the impact of our core financial results, which I will cover in a moment, these economic conditions resulted in non-cash pre-tax impairment charges of $8.9 billion and restructuring charges of more than $300.0 million for the year. Of these amounts, $452.0 million of impairment and $228.0 million of restructuring charges were recorded in the fourth quarter. These charges primarily related to the actions we have previously announced as FIM. In the prior year we had $19.0 million of such charges. My reference to adjusted operating income today reflect our operating results, excluding these charges, as well as the United Kingdom land sale gain in fiscal 2008. I would comment that our restructuring activities were designed to better align our costs with revenues so that as our revenues improve the profit margins of our businesses will improve. With that background, I will start with some summary comments on the fiscal year and then address the fourth quarter. Let's start with our full year results. We reported a GAAP net loss of $3.4 billion for the year, or $1.29 per share. We reported adjusted operating income for the full year of $3.6 billion, which is in line with the expectations we provided to you six months ago and reiterated it in May. Our cable channel businesses were the clear stand-out segment for the year with 32% profit growth, partially offsetting the declines we had across our other segments, most notably television and newspaper and information services. In addition to the impairment and restructuring charges, there were a number of non-operating items that also affected the net loss for the year. This year the result includes $1.3 billion of income and other, primarily resulting from the partial sale of our NDS ownership, which was completed in February. Also, this year's equity earnings of affiliates includes a $422.0 million write-down of our carrying value Primera as well as $121.0 million write-down at BSkyBaby and My TV's investment. Excluding the net income effects of these items, adjusted net income was $3.04 billion this year, as compared to a similarly adjusted $3.5 billion last year. Adjusted earnings per share this year was $1.16, as compared to an adjusted earnings per share of $1.18 for fiscal 2008. In addition, as I mentioned last quarter, this year's net income includes a required, one-time, non-cash tax benefit of approximately $1.1 billion, due to the completion of certain multi-year tax audits, which contributed $0.42 to our EPS. With that, I will focus the remainder of my comments on the fourth quarter results. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 was $948.0 million, a decline of 30% from last year. The year-ago results have been adjusted to exclude $125.0 million of income from the gain on the United Kingdom land sale. Consistent with the full year, this operating income decline primarily reflects reduced contributions from the majority of our business segments that more than offset strong growth in our cable channels. We reported a GAAP net loss of $203.0 million for the quarter. In addition to the impairment restructuring charges, this year's fourth quarter net income also includes other net losses of approximately $82.0 million related to the disposition of certain investments. Excluding the net income effects from these items, adjusted earnings per share was $0.19 this quarter as compared to a similarly adjusted $0.30 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. I would now like to take a moment to provide some comments on the performance of a number of our businesses for the most recent quarter. And let's start with the film entertainment segment. We recorded fourth quarter operating profit of $203.0 million and this is about 8% lower than last year's result, primarily reflecting reduced library contributions from our television production business and the pre-release costs for Ice Age Three.  Momentum at our movie business continues to improve from the number of recent box offices successes including Wolverine, Night at the Museum, and Ice Age Three. We expect that the home entertainment contributions from these films will help drive first half fiscal 2010 film performance. At our television segment, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $95.0 million as compared to $279.0 million in the fourth quarter a year ago. This result reflects weaker ad markets, higher entertainment programming costs at the networks, and the absence of eight stations that were sold last July. And for your reference, the eight stations sold accounted for revenue and earnings of $76.0 million and $22.0 million respectively. Revenue at our remaining stations declined 26%. This is slightly less than the overall TV station market decline of 27%. Virtually every category is down in the quarter with continued weakness from autos, financial, and retail categories. Fox Broadcast Networks operating performance is the effect of a higher programming cost versus a year ago. As you may recall, last year's costs were unusually low due to the writer's strike that precluded running the entirety of a 24 life season that resulted in the broadcasting of several low-price shows. Licensees of returning shows increased this year and we had lower prime time ad sales reflecting ratings. And at STAR, earnings contributions were down reflecting the general softness in local advertising markets in India. Moving down to the cable network segment, we continued to show very strong growth with operating income up 39% in the quarter and this is driven by an 8% revenue increase. The total segments affiliate fees for the quarter were up 13% in aggregate and advertising revenues were down 10%. From a channel perspective, the largest year-over-year gains in the quarter were from the Fox News Channel, which achieved its highest quarterly operating profit ever due to higher affiliate rates and increased subscribers. June quarters prime time and total day range were up 31% over a year ago and prime time was up 45% for the year. The channel was the third highest ranked channel of all basic cable in prime time. FX contributed to higher profits, reflecting increased advertising and affiliate revenues in conjunction with lower program costs. The Fox International channels also contributed substantially. This is from higher revenue growth, especially in Latin American and continental Europe. And the Big 10 Network reported operating profits as compared to losses a year ago, reflecting last fall's distribution agreements in the Midwest. Turning to Direct Broadcast Satellite segment, Sky Italia reported operating income of $155.0 million. This is a 57% decrease from the record fourth quarter of a year ago. Over 40% of this decline results in the shift in the timing of our software package revenue recognition, which we have described in each of our last three quarterly earnings calls. The remaining decline is mostly attributable to higher programming costs for the larger subscriber base, increased software costs, and the addition of 12 new channels. As against our initial plans, the slowdown of the Italian economy coupled with the unexpected doubling of the DATC to subscribers reduced our growth in 2009. Despite these factors, Sky Italia's local currency revenues were 2% in the quarter, driven by a 6% increase in the average subscriber base as compared to the prior year. Monthly ARPU for the year averaged 44 Euros, which is flat compared to the prior year. The positive effect to the September 2008 price increase and our ARPU was more than offset by price promotion. As a result of the VAT increase and the weak operating environment, churn increased to 13.6% for the year. Gross additions in the quarter were approximately $167,000, although they were fully offset by churn resulting in zero net additions in the quarter. This quarter, by the way, is normally our lowest net additions quarter of the year, principally due to the conclusion of Italian soccer and we typically have lower marketing costs in this quarter. Net additions for the year are approximately $235,000 and year-end closing subscriber base was 4.8 million. At year end over 1.3 million subscribers were taking at least one premium service, such as HD, PVR, or Second Dock and this represents about 28% of our subscriber base. In the newspaper and information service segment, adjusted operating income in this year's quarter was $96.0 million. This is down $167.0 million from last year's fourth quarter primarily reflecting significantly weaker advertising trends in all markets. In the United Kingdom, local currency advertising revenues were down 18% overall, principally from volume and pricing declines at our broadsheet titles plus our reductions in classified advertising. In Australia, advertising revenues were down 18% on a local currency basis compared to a year ago. Classified advertiser revenues declined 30%, primarily from reduced employment, property, and auto advertising, while the display revenues were down approximately 12%, reflecting a weak real estate category. Circulation revenues in Australia were similar to a year ago. And at Dow Jones, operating results declined largely due to a 14% decrease at the Wall Street Journal for both display and classified declines, as well as lower information and service revenues. The reduced ad revenues were partially offset by our circulation revenues at the Wall Street Journal's print and online versions. At our book publishing segment, fourth quarter adjusted operating income contributions were roughly break-even. This is down $29.0 million compared to last year. And here, this decline reflects a general weaker book market in a reduced number of strong releases versus a year ago. In our other segment, we recorded a fourth quarter adjusted operating loss of $136.0 million, $79.0 million unfavorable to a year ago. The decline reflects the deconsolidation of NDS's operating results for this partial sale of early February. Reduced revenues had a [inaudible] our advertising business primarily from market declines and weaker Fox Interactive Media results. FIMs revenue in the quarter of $192.0 million were down 15% compared to a year ago, primarily due to a 22% lower advertising revenue, which includes reductions in advertising revenue at My Space. As you know, we initiated a restructuring of the FIN business this quarter, including the reduction of over 700 employees. While this restructuring resulted in a pre-tax charge of approximately $180.0 million for this quarter, these actions will enable our interactive business to operate much more effectively going forward. Additionally, we performed a review of our intangible assets during the quarter, which resulted in a non-cash impairment charge of approximately $450.0 million. And I might add, the majority of a $180.0 charge was the result of the charge we took for excess facility space that we no longer need. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2010. As we mention our guidance, we are starting from the fiscal 2009 adjusted operating profit of $3.56 billion that we have just recorded and excluding from this the $121.0 million in operating profit contribution from India, which was sold in fiscal 2009 and which will no longer be included in our results. So as you look at measuring growth in fiscal 2010 we are comparing it to a base of $3.44 billion in operating profit for fiscal 2009. And as we look at fiscal 2010 we expect many of our businesses will generate year-over-year earnings growth. These include further growth in our cable networks, led by new affiliation deals at Fox and further expansion of our international channels, moderate growth from Sky Italia and new subscriber additions. Our film division should show gains led by the Home Entertainment and other release windows from the three most recent films which I mentioned previously. Overall, we expect that the economy that we operate in will not be significantly worse in the first half of fiscal 2010 than the current environment and that we will begin to show moderate improvement in the latter half of fiscal 2010, although we still have limited visibility on that point thus far. As a result, given that the downturns in our markets in this past fiscal year didn't fully impact us until our second quarter, we will face some challenging comparisons for the first quarter and the majority of our growth will occur in the last three quarters. In addition, we are currently now forecasting for the restructuring of impairment charges for fiscal 2010, therefore our guidance does not reflect any such charges. Taking all these items into account and based on only assumptions inherent in our projections, we anticipate our operating income growth rate for fiscal 2010 to be in the high single digit range, above the $3.4 billion full fiscal 2009 level that I discussed earlier. With that I would now like to turn the call over to Rupert for his comments.
K. Rupert Murdoch: The last year has been one of the toughest we've faced in our history and the results Dave just outlined for fiscal 2009 clearly reflect this dour economic environment that affected our businesses throughout the year. Advertising markets who were weakened particularly after the slump in cars and finance are showing some good signs of life. But the tumultuous and unprecedented change affecting the entire media sector, and particularly newspapers and broadcasters cannot be ignored. I think the worst may be behind us but there are no clear signs yet of a fast economic recovery.  Despite these challenges, we were well prepared to weather this cycle. Early on we restructured and are continuing to transform our businesses to operate even more efficiently.  We disposed of non-core businesses and have since managed down our already lean headcount by more than 5%. But the rapid changes facing the media business means that no company is going to cost-cut its way to global competitiveness. Adjustments have to be made continuously and new opportunities taken to cover this fast-changing scenario. We have a strong balance sheet with $6.5 billion in cash after generating $1.1 billion of free cash flow, net of capital expenditures for the year. And we intend to use this exceptional position to follow our long-held strategy and better align our businesses at all stages of development that teaches growth opportunities.  We have taken advantage of this prolonged downturn to strong increase the market share of our leading franchises across the globe, including our already market-leading U.S. TV stations. The returns on our many great franchises emerged from this period stronger, bigger, and more powerful. There are a few specific things worth noting that give me great hope for next year and beyond. First is the return of Chase Carey as President and Chief Operating Officer. Chase has been the highly Chief Executive Officer of Direct TV and we bought the major shareholding in that company. This was after many successful years at Fox and News Corporation, and it is great to welcome him back. Chase has been a close advisor and friend for years and has proven, both inside and outside the company, that he knows how to build audiences, manage complex staffs, and operate businesses properly. We also brought in John Miller as Chief Digital Officer this past year and he will [inaudible] within the company. He's already making his mark across our global digital portfolio, tackling head on the restructuring at My Space and leading a company-wide effort to establish a new economic model to profitably transition our print properties to digital. The digital revolution has opened many new and inexpensive methods of distribution but it has not made content free. Accordingly, we intend to charge for four of News’ Web sites. The Wall Street Journal's wsj.com is the world's most successful paid news site and we will be using our profitable experience there and the resulting unique skills throughout News Corporation to increase our revenues from all our content. Second is the operational strength we continue to see across vast array of our asset base. Most noticeably, we were encouraged by the strength of our [inaudible] met with programming businesses. The full year operating income increased by 32% to $1.7 billion.  Fox News Channels operating profit in 2009 was a full 15% higher than last year and ratings are still sky rocketing. The network has now held the number one position in cable news for 90 consecutive months with prime time ratings up 45% compared with last year. As more and more people rely on Fox News for their source of unfettered news and commentary our fees for affiliates are now beginning to reflect the strong preference. The Big 10 Network achieved its first year of profitability in only its second year of operation and gained distribution in all major pay-TV platforms in Big 10 markets. At Fox Business Network, we are well ahead of our subscriber targets. As we close our second year of operations, FBN is now seen by close to 50.0 subscribers and after completing our recent deal for Ecco staff, expect those numbers to continue to grow quicky. We are seeing even more growth aboard where we continue our long-term strategy of strong brands with a subtle foothold in emerging markets. Fox international channels added 25 more channels this last year in Europe, Latin and South America and saw operating income increase in all areas. We are also pleased with our pay-TV leadership in Europe where we have more focus than ever on developing direct customer relationships. Italy for example, despite high taxes, high competition, and a dismal economy, Sky Italia increased its penetration to 4.8 million subscribers. As Dave mentioned, this growth driver is facing some challenges but we are increasing our competitive edge in this under-penetrated pay-TV market with better technology and more choice to service a more stable and profitable subscriber base. In Britain, BSkyBaby's edge in high definition, personal recording, broadband services, and telephony, has also helped to increase subscriptions. BSkyBaby is by far the U.K.'s leading pay-TV provider and now the country's fastest growing telephony provider. With the rebranding of our affiliate, Primera, as Sky Voiceland, we will bring the same high service and premium products that have done so well in other European markets and perhaps the continent's richest economy. It's not just [inaudible] either. In the world's largest democracy, Sky India is now a huge national broadcaster of Hindi independent. Of the country's 20 major land district, we now address half and our acquisition of [inaudible] India, will only increase our original strength.  We recently commenced a full operational review of APSTAR to take advantage of the opportunities we will have in Asia in 2010 and beyond. In global entertainment, although we knew we would be down compared to last year's record result, we did enjoy a very good second half of the year with major releases beginning with Molly and Me and Take Her. More recently we had hits with Night at the Museum II, X-Men Origins Wolverine, and July's animated blockbuster, Ice Age Three, which is the highest grossing animated film ever outside the U.S. Together, these three releases have gross more than $1.4 billion to date and are poised to generate robust profits as they go through secondary markets in 2010 and beyond. Year-over-year box office for the entire film industry is up 7% thanks largely to a reinvigorated approach to 3D and we have high expectations, very high expectations, for James Cameron's 3D Avatar during the holidays as well as the album The Chipmunks. We have an extremely promising slate of movies planned throughout 2010. Finally, let me specifically address truthfully some of the challenges facing our print businesses. As I always have said before the traditional income and business model has to [inaudible] rapidly to ensure that our journalistic enterprises can return to their old margins profitability. The extended downturn has only increased the drumbeats of change but the secular challenge is clear. Classified advertising revenues will never again reach the levels that print once offered. Quality journalism is not cheap and an industry that gives away its content is simply cannibalizing its ability to produce good reporting. The increase we have seen in our Wall Street Journal subscriptions since we acquired the paper proves to me that the market is willing to pay for that quality without any special market. And we have tens of millions of readers. In Britain, the Times of London has a digital audience that now reaches more than 16.0 million people across the globe every day. In the U.S. the Journal is the only newspaper that has actually expanded both as print and online subscriptions during this recession. Additionally, you can now also read the Journal on your Blackberry or iPod. We can be platform-neutral but never free. Intense research and development is being done by many companies to produce convenient and inexpensive mobile reading devices. Right now we are working with software, hardware, and other publishers within the industry to develop a model that works for consumers. Beyond the economics, it is crucial we maintain a direct relationship with our customers. In closing, as Dave mentioned a few minutes ago, we expect to improve our operating income in fiscal 2010 by high single digits as the current year. In spite of a very good July, we expect a tough few months ahead but we are confident we will achieve those numbers. We are entering fiscal 2010 with a solid portfolio of streamlined businesses, the right management team, with a firm resolve to improve and expand all our products. With that I would like to turn it over to Chase. There are a few words he would like to say before we take your questions.
Chase Carey: I am extremely excited to be here at News Corp. I enjoyed my tenure at Direct TV and believe that business has an exciting future ahead of it, however, the unique array of content distribution businesses that compete across the globe without peer at News Corp. really made this opportunity irresistible. These are businesses I know well and they have great management teams almost across the board and Rupert Murdock providing the overall organization a vision, ambition, and energy that has defined News Corp. for the more than 20 years I've known it. One thing that made News Corp. uniquely appealing at this point in time is that I believe the company has a great opportunity to take our business to a whole new level in the next few years. I'm not making light of today's issues. We're in an industry that seems to be in a state of shock from the combination of the economic crisis and the digital revolution. As Rupert noted in commenting on 2009, we certainly have felt the impact of these changes.  Nonetheless, there are opportunities at News Corp. today to both take businesses that are performing well to new levels and to address more troubled businesses with plans to maximize their value, advances for businesses performing well and through our cable networks and distribution platforms, although these businesses are still not close to their potential.  Our cable channel group should continue to get stronger and expand, both in the U.S. and in the international markets. Likewise, our international platforms will grow if the world follows the U.S. in expanding pay-television platforms. Realistically, the international market as a whole represents a great growth opportunity for News Corp. I believe international growth will achieve that in the U.S. at our business and we are positioned to take advantage of it. We clearly have other businesses like broadcasting and print that have struggled in the last few years. On the broadcasting side we have an ad-supported business model that doesn't work. We need to get value for our great event product like the NFL and American Idol. We need to build new distribution models in a digital world that generate real value for our product. Other networks and stations need that cost structure to make sense for the business looking forward. From a print perspective, we fully recognize the challenges facing the newspaper world. We are better positioned than most with the unique franchise and the Wall Street Journal that serves the different type of core customer and market-leading franchises in the U.K. and Australia. However, we know we are not immune to the issues facing the business. We believe customers value quality journalism. We need to get paid for our product as it shifts to the digital world. We need to be disciplined in operating these businesses with our eyes open to the risks and challenges, to ensure we build lasting values and returns on our investment. We must have plans in place for every business from My Space to the Dow Jones newswires to maximize the potential value, while establishing priorities for News Corp. as a whole. I guess my overall message is that we know we have to attack every business with a sense of urgency and focus. We also need to be opportunistic about building ways businesses work together in new business models. For example, at Fox, why shouldn't the production network and cable businesses work with each other in this rapidly changing world. All these issues are opportunities, are great value that our industry is going to change in every way. Rules of the existing cost structures will have to change as will the company competing. This uncertainty creates an opportunity to those who can build them in strengths, act decisively in building new, profitable business models, be disciplined in allocating resources where there are rewards or as the investment, and the determination to do what it takes to succeed. News Corp. is ideally positioned to win in that department.
Gary Ginsberg: We'll start taking questions from the investment community now.
Analysts: 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen – BAS-ML.
Jessica Reif Cohen – BAS-ML: Dave, within the guidance, can you give us what your revenue assumption is?
David F. DeVoe: With respect to just overall our revenue, respect to the newspapers and television businesses, down roughly low double digits, very low double digits. And overall, if you look at the company overall, our advertising should be about flat.
Jessica Reif Cohen – BAS-ML: And for the company overall for revenue, can you say anything?
David F. DeVoe: About flat advertising.
K. Rupert Murdoch: We have built in drag from the cable networks.
Jessica Reif Cohen – BAS-ML: But the non-advertising is what you're saying. The non-advertising businesses will grow?
David F. DeVoe: We specifically don't give guidance, but roughly 4% growth rate, 4% revenue growth in total.
Jessica Reif Cohen – BAS-ML: Rupert, just to follow up on what you were discussing the balance sheet, when you look at gross, can you flush out what kind of opportunities are exciting to you, and you are inclined to buy or invest within, so like a buy or a build strategy.
K. Rupert Murdoch: We've always found that we get better returns by building rather than buying. That's not to say that we wouldn't take any particularly great opportunity. We have a lot to do and I think Chase mentioned it and I mentioned it, we have to face the challenges facing free to viewer television and digital newspapers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: You mentioned in your comments that you had a very good July. Can you talk a bit about what made July very good?
K. Rupert Murdoch: I think it's across the board. Not in newspapers but elsewhere. We saw some life in the advertising market. And we had great success with our film, Ice Age Three. We're well ahead of budget there.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Clearly what Chase said in his comments, getting paid for quality TV like the NFL, does this mean you will start seeking pay for carriage for local stations from cable operators? And if so, what kind of timing has to be done, given that you have to renegotiate some of your cable deals for Fox News.
Chase Carey: I guess it was probably a holistic comment that really addressed it on every label. I mean, I think from a network perspective you need to deal with—there's production costs and rates if you have a production producer to affiliates to certainly the digital world, every transmission and service article. And I guess as with all our deals that come up at various points and time, but I think we have to use all the tools we have and we certainly have tools. I think some tools we probably haven't used well enough recently, but to use all those things to really address the issues in that business. We need to work on every front we can to really get value for that property.
Operator: Your next question comes from Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Dave, in the context of your 2010 guidance can you help us understand how you think currency and FX will impact the guidance you put forth, and how much in cost savings is in your guidance from the restructuring charges you took in 2009 in your 2010 guidance? And Rupert, can you can talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the upfront market in terms of CPM and sellout for both the broadcast network as well as the cable channels.
David F. DeVoe: With respect to our guidance FX has very little effect. If you look at the rates that we're using at year end, they're pretty much the rates that we're assuming. So today there's probably a bit of a benefit, which is not in our guidance because of the weakness of the dollar. With respect to the cost cutting we have done, if you look at this broadly, we would have taken about 2% of our costs out in 2009 and another 2% of our costs will come out in 2010. Unfortunately, that's being offset largely by around 4% revenue find over the same period of time. But it's about at that level.
K. Rupert Murdoch: On the upfront, we are quite happy with the progress that we are making. All I would say is that we are doing well, we think we're doing well, on the [inaudible] but we will probably keep more open for spot later in the year. The spot market at the moment is very active. We are selling a lot of spots either at last year's upfront or better. So there is money around. I'm not saying there's a fast recovery or anything like that. But we are in the process of reaching understandings with a lot of advertisers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital.
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital: Rupert, how much in terms of operating losses at some of your structurally-challenged businesses are you willing to sustain at this point? Example, take newspapers, I'm wondering in your mind how do you evaluate that? Is it possible that you may decide to shut down some of those businesses?
K. Rupert Murdoch: Anything is possible but that's certainly not a prospect at the moment. For instance, we could do a lot of cutting. For instance with the Times, and Sunday Times in London, but we are keeping the quality. We are not touching the journalist and if anything, we're improving it. Every other type of cost associated it we're cutting but we want t come out of this with much stronger franchises than we started and there are already signs, publicly admitted, of pain and possible closures of one or two of our competitors. So no, our policy is to win.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Greenfield - Pali Capital.
Richard Greenfield - Pali Capital: A question on your film business. Roughly 25% of your operating profit, is going to come from film entertainment this past year and I assume even more next year, that's going to be one of your key growth drivers. When you look at what's going on in the home entertainment market, on the DVD side, specifically with Red Box and the growth of rental, there seems to be widely different views among the Hollywood studios. I'm curious how you plan to deal with it, what you are and aren't doing with Red Box and how that evolves. And a follow-up for Dave, if you could clarify on Dow Jones, could you give us a sense of what Dow Jones' profit either for the quarter or the year was, how to just think about the actual business. And you had given some detail on it in the past.
Chase Carey: I would say on Red Box, I think it's a real issue for us. I think that our product rented at a dollar in the rental end is grossly under value and I think it's a real issue. And we're actively determining how to deal with it.
K. Rupert Murdoch: Just to add to that. The home entertainment market, I understand, at the moment, not including VOD, is down about 5%. And it would be too early to say whether that's secular or the recession.
Richard Greenfield - Pali Capital: But within that 5% the selling of DVDs is down a lot more with rental picking it up, which is I think less profitable for you.
Chase Carey: It's a pretty recent phenomenon. I think if you look at the numbers as a whole, it's probably not a big driver. I'm diminishing the issue. I think Red Box is—a dollar rental is clearly an issue for use and certainly the sale business is the heart of it. And it still is the driving aspect of the DVD business.
David F. DeVoe: The Dow Jones number was flat year-over-year in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Chase and Rupert, curious what your view is on the TV Everywhere concept for your cable networks. Rupert, you mentioned you wanted to be paid for your online news sites. Do you think online viewing of your cable network should be free or an incremental fee and Chase, you're a fresh set of eyes to all these business models, with your return, I would be interested in both of your comments on TV Everywhere.
Chase Carey: Again, I do think we have to move our business places where we're developing dual strings revenue. I think TV Everywhere has benefits to it that is probably in some ways more defensive than offensive, so I think we need to likewise develop offensive ways, that we're creating incremental value. The heart of TV Everywhere looks like it's really defending existing models, defending the unique and existing models essentially. Cable networks and the like. But it is an important step and I think we need to develop what I guess that I call as more offensive ways through whether it's through windows or other vehicles sort of availability and other business models to create incremental value for our product.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Does that mean you would pursue TV Everywhere and then try to do incremental things, or are you saying that TV Everywhere doesn't accomplish those goals?
Chase Carey: I think TV Everywhere had benefits to it but I don't think that is the answer, there needs to be a broader, larger strategy that is really geared towards growth and expansion. So I think it's a part of it but I think it needs a wider and broader strategy. But again, as ways of generating incremental revenues out of it, not again what I think at the heart of this is mostly defending existing businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Alexander – Goldman Sachs JBWere.
Adam Alexander – Goldman Sachs JBWere: Chase, I was interested in your comments saying that the international growth provides a great opportunity for News Corp. I was wondering if either yourself or Rupert had given some thought to consolidating some of the businesses internationally which may have high growth in your core business, such as BSkyBaby, Premira, Foxtel, or Sky New Zealand.
Chase Carey: I think those are great businesses. I do think we are uniquely positioned, not just in the strength and the breadth of our businesses but our ability to operate businesses in places like that. I think it's a competitive environment in those environments in many ways. And that certainly compared to the U.S. and clearly is nowhere near the same level of maturity. And I think those businesses are going to, in a lot of ways, follow what you've seen in the U.S. So I think if do look at and like it we're going to take advantage of it.  One of the specific structures—again, I probably wouldn't comment on a specific structure other than to say that that whole list is list of places that are real opportunities for us that [inaudible]. The Fox international channels have become a real growth area for us, we ought to continue to build them, just reduce in channel size, to really drive those together, to really continue to distinguish ourselves in the international marketplaces.
Adam Alexander – Goldman Sachs JBWere: They're obviously becoming a much more material driver of growth for the cable networks business. Are you able to break out where you think that business can sort of get to a farview view, at the operating income line.
Chase Carey: The international channels. Look, I think in many ways the international market obviously is not at the same level of development, so there is a lot of room. We've got some places we're probably further along. Latin American business is strong but there are lots of places that we can—
K. Rupert Murdoch: We think that on a worldwide basis in these developing markets, pay television, whether it be satellite or cable, is expanding steadily, 15% per annum. And we intend to ride that and we will see that in the results from international channels.
Chase Carey: And there are places that are above that. I mean, I think there are markets that still haven't gotten their experts at I think because there is all the distribution to get straightened out at some of these places and we will obviously be a big beneficiary. 
K. Rupert Murdoch: They're all hungry for content as they develop.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: With respect to Sky Italia, I was curious as to how you think about growth there over the next year. Specifically as you think about the impact from the VAT increase and the new competitive satellite TV launch in August and then the RAI?
K. Rupert Murdoch: We aren't totally relaxed about both matters of the [inaudible] and the free satellite service that's been set up against us. Does that answer the question?
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: What percent of viewing is on RAI? Is there anything you can do to keep that or are you just not worried?
K. Rupert Murdoch: We're just not worried. But I don't know the answer for any [inaudible]. Sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: On the newspaper side you talked about the fact that classified revenue is sort of going away and is not going to come back, at least to the level it was before. That's a big percentage of the overall top line. It sounds like you think you can largely replace that with digital fees, either on the advertising side or subscription fees. Can you walk us through how that takes place? And do you think that can actually occur if your new competitors, New York Times, or maybe more local papers in other markets, if they don't follow that model, can you in fact go through with that and make that work on your assets.
K. Rupert Murdoch: I think that we all are working on different models at the moment, but we're certainly satisfied that we can produce significant revenues, or we're very hopeful we can build significant revenues from the sale of digital delivery of newspapers, news content.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Any guidance you can give us or how much you think you'll be investing in Sky Deutschland. As you know, Germany has been a tough market for a long time for pay-TV operators to drive a lot of ARPU gains. They don't spend as much money in Germany as they do in the U.K. and the U.S. How do you change that dynamic?
David F. DeVoe:   Based on the capital rate that was just concluded in Germany, the business should be fully funded through cash [inaudible] so we wouldn't anticipate putting any more money in it at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Morris – UBS.
Michael Morris – UBS: Given your somewhat more optimistic outlook for the marketplace over the next year, what do you need to see to re-enter the market for your shares under the existing repurchase plan? What is your target leverage ratio in terms of net debt to EBITDA? And also, if you were to re-enter the market, what drives the decision to purchase voting shares versus non-voting shares and are there any limitations there or is it simply an economic decision?
K. Rupert Murdoch: It's simply an economic decision. I think any regrets we have is that we didn't take advantage of the $4.99 price four months ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Janedis - Wells Fargo Securities.
John Janedis - Wells Fargo Securities: You had net subscriber additions of about 235,000 in Sky Italia last year. With the increased competition, to what extent do you think you'll need a pickup in promotion to marketing and how much pressure do you think there is in ARPU and with the weak economy what level of net additions are you looking for, for 2010?
K. Rupert Murdoch: I think we're deliberately in light of the Italian economy, aiming rather lower this year in terms of net additions. In other words, we are not spending more money on marketing. Less if anything. 
David F. DeVoe: We expect to have less additions.
K. Rupert Murdoch: In this climate, we'll just grow a little more slowly.
David F. DeVoe: I do think we certainly are expecting to hold ARPU up.
K. Rupert Murdoch: Definitely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet – Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: On the $450.0 million impairment in the quarter, did you say that was all related to FIM?
David F. DeVoe: It was. Yes.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: Since you paid 580 for that asset are you essentially sort of saying to the best of your ability you're not going to –
K. Rupert Murdoch: We paid a lot more than that for FIM.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: I'm sorry. I was confusing it with My Space.
David F. DeVoe: I'm not sure what you question is, though.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: My question is are you essentially saying you don't see material profits coming out of FIM, given the magnitude of the write-down? Is that the right take away or that's the wrong take away?
David F. DeVoe: I don't think that's the right take away. What we did is we have an obligation to build up on our assets based on certain accounting rules. At the end of the year that's what we did. And as a result of that evaluation, we took a write-down. That does not change our belief and the outlook or expectations for the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Could you address any investment opportunities that you see in FY2010 either through acquisition or through business start up and talk to the motivation for the increased share holding at Sky Deutschland.
David F. DeVoe: I think we answered the Sky Deutschland already. 
K. Rupert Murdoch: What acquisitions might we be looking at? There's just nothing. We're not looking at anything of a major nature at this moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: A couple of questions related to Fox Network. First, if you can give us some sense of what percentage of revenue for the year came from the international market and what kind of markings you had compared to your domestic markings. And secondly, can you give us some sense what are the domestic cable advertising growth versus international local cable advertising growth in Q4.
David F. DeVoe: I don't have that. But the margins in the business are around 30% on both the international and the national. I don't have a breakdown of that. If you want to follow back—
K. Rupert Murdoch: In comparing the domestic and international, Fox International is much smaller in its contribution.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co.: Does our outlook for entertainment for the year, as far an improvement in 2010, I think you talked about assume an improvement in home videos, specifically sell-through. And then can you give us any comments on an expected tax rate for fiscal 2010?
David F. DeVoe: The tax rate for 2010 is about 35%. With respect to the growth rate, with respect to our guidance, the expectations are that our sell-through, I'm going to go through the details of it, but it reflects our expectations for the sell-through of our principal titles.
Chase Carey: And I think it reflects what has been recent experience in the video business.
K. Rupert Murdoch: We find that the release of the big hits sell extremely strong and good. It's lively content if it's a big hit.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co.: So you're not assuming an improvement in library, just kind of steady state and then the new releases based on your box office model.
K. Rupert Murdoch: More or less. As the growth of Blu-Ray is effective we think of account, for library.
Chase Carey: Yes, I think library. And some of the secondary, that are some of the things that probably had a little more of some of the TV product I think has probably not had as much piece of market as it did before, but I think it's reflecting a market that's by and large is relative for what we've been seeing in the recent times.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Joyce - Miller Tabak & Co.
David Joyce - Miller Tabak & Co.: Could you discuss what level of cross-platform ad sales do you currently have with your film divisions and say, your TV stations and network? Or how that might be changing now with some new management in place.
Chase Carey: I don't actually know offhand but I would end up saying that certainly it's small part of it.
K. Rupert Murdoch: I think that regardless that we are focusing My Space very much and that's why we're able to reduce the many things that they were attempting and not doing very well, a lot of them. For My Space, we think music, we think games, we think video. And we're going to improve those in every way we can.
Media:
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Andrew Clark - Guardian News.
Andrew Clark - Guardian News: Just on the subject of charging for newspaper Web sites, I wondered how much of a risk do you think it is to be the first to do this? What can you do to stop readers simply migrating to sites that remain free that are part of other media organizations?
K. Rupert Murdoch: Just make our content better and differentiate it from other people. And I believe if we're successful, we will be followed by all the media. Frankly, the big free competition will be coming from the BBC.
Andrew Clark - Guardian News: Can you give any indication on timing on this?
K. Rupert Murdoch: No, but we're thinking in terms of this fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Fricks - The Los Angeles Times.
Ben Fricks - The Los Angeles Times: The three movies you've had this summer that have done very well, I'm wondering how you're thinking about them in home entertainment going forward. You said you'll make a lot of money there but you also said the home entertainment market is declining, more people are renting from Red Box for just $1 per night. Do you think these movies can make as much in home entertainment as they would have if they came out a year or two ago? And if not, what are you doing to try to address that?
K. Rupert Murdoch: We think it's down like 5% but I don't think it will affect those big movies. And certainly as far as iPage goes, I'm not worried about the rental. Let the Philippine people buy it for their young children and use it as baby sitters.
Chase Carey: And the lion's share of our business is sell-through. And we think Red Box is [inaudible] but it is fairly a large sell-through business.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Quinn – Daily Telegraph.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: I'm just following up on Andrews question on paying for news Web sites. In the past there have exceptions that news sites of quality newspapers would be charged for. In the market you're looking at, would you be charging for the [inaudible] U.K.
K. Rupert Murdoch: Well, I think they are very, very high quality and they're entertaining.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: But the type of celebrity journalism they focus on, particularly the pictures, which is what makes their Web sites comes alive, are available across the Web, paid for or not.
K. Rupert Murdoch: Not if they're ours. We will be asserting our copyright at every point. If you want to see—if it's about Celebrity, I think you will find that we normally have a Celebrity scoop, the number of hits we get now are astronomical. We get huge piece. So you can snare it up from the Telegraph, but I'm sure your great scoop, the two [inaudible] parliamentary expenses, people would be very happy to have been paying for that on a Web site.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: You hinted at the talk over the weekend about the possible closure of the Observer earlier on.
K. Rupert Murdoch: I didn't say that.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: You talked about signs of pain and possible closure of one or two of our competitors in the U.K.
K. Rupert Murdoch: Right.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: Any thoughts on the Observer?
K. Rupert Murdoch: No, but I did read that document that went to the Star or the Guardian, which swore everlasting allegiance to the Guardian, yet it made no mention of the Observer. I think I made the same sort of mental conclusion others did.
James Quinn – Daily Telegraph: No interest in the Observer?
K. Rupert Murdoch: No, why?
Operator: Your next question comes from George Zollie - Hollywood Reporter.
George Zollie - Hollywood Reporter: Chase, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about getting paid for TV content in the digital age. What are you thinking is more like to model, charging consumers or charging cable operators, let's say for the broadband system?
Chase Carey: I think this is a work in progress so I've just been here 30 days. We need to develop, we need to look at it from every possible angle, so I'm probably not going to get out in front of this and provide a preference for one or the other. I think the general directions, I think it's quite clear and I think we need to look at it in every which way and I'm multi-dimensional. I think we can use Windows, I think we can use a lot of tools there to try to get an opportunity. It's a great thought that if we don't get hung up in trying to respect the past and try to defend those rules, you can really look at taking advantage of these things and that we can create a business model that would set a pace for great profit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Steinberg - Advertising Age.
Brian Steinberg - Advertising Age: We talked to ad buyers, they estimate that all the five broadcast networks in the U.S. are down for prime time volume between 10% and 15% and the sell out is 70% versus 80% in last year's market. Can you tell us if Fox came in those ranges or if it did better or worse?
K. Rupert Murdoch: You're talking 10% or 15% in cost of thousand?
Brian Steinberg - Advertising Age: Prime time volume. Total dollars.
K. Rupert Murdoch: I don't know. We haven't finished through the season yet.
Brian Steinberg - Advertising Age: Or how about the scatter, the sell out numbers? 
K. Rupert Murdoch: Oh, we would rather keep availability for scatter than to lower our rates.
Brian Steinberg - Advertising Age: You would rather get more money in scatter than lower rates now. Hold out for more expensive scatter advertising.
K. Rupert Murdoch: We're not frightened by the year end at all. We think we have a great program and [inaudible] leadership amongst the networks and if the scatter market continues, we'll do better in it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shira Ovide - Wall Street Journal.
Shira Ovide - Wall Street Journal: I was hoping to piggyback on the discussion about digital delivery and the discussion with hardware and then software firms. Is it possible that the company would build its own software products or own hardware product, along the lines of a Kindle or Sony reader?
K. Rupert Murdoch: No, we have our software product and we have a lot of unique software that we use with Wall Street Journal. Would we have our own reader or receiver? No, I think that's highly unlikely. We're not in the hardware business.
Shira Ovide - Wall Street Journal: And just to glance on what you said earlier when you said you want to charge for all the news sites, did you mean news sites including things like Fox News or you meant just newspapers and Web sites?
K. Rupert Murdoch: I would certainly include Fox News. It has a huge, loyal, and profitable audience. Already. I'm talking about its Web site.
Operator: Your next question comes from Staci Kramer – paidContent.
Staci Kramer - paidContent: Could you tell me where you stand with charging for the Wall Street Journal on Blackberry and on iTune. And also if you've have any further conversations with Amazon about finding a way to develop customer relationships through the Kindle.
K. Rupert Murdoch: No, we are changing the price of the Journal on the Kindle and we will get a better share of the revenue, though I can't say that I'm satisfied. It's the final result of the [inaudible], but it will be a lot better. But it's not a big number and we're not encouraging it at all because we don't get the names of the subscribers. Kindle treats them as their subscribers, not as ours. And I think that will eventually cause a break between us.
Staci Kramer - paidContent: Does the same situation exist with iTunes then and Apple?
K. Rupert Murdoch: Well, the same would apply to them. I can't answer that exactly. Apple is said to be coming out with a reader before the end of the year. Certainly Sony is doing that and we're in active discussions with them and they certainly accept that the subscribers would be our subscribers.
Staci Kramer - paidContent: And in terms of iTunes, how is it different there and when will you start charging?
K. Rupert Murdoch: I don't know. How many people are going to pay, that's all.
Operator: Your final question comes from Robert McMillan – Reuters.
Robert McMillan - Reuters: The Federal Communications Commission of the United States I think is going to do a scheduled look at the media ownership laws in 2010 to see whether it needs to change anything, for what companies are allowed to own in particular markets. Any chance that you will be talking to your Congressman, to anybody down there in Washington, D.C. regarding changes that News Corp. would like to see so that perhaps it can change its footprint in places like New York?
K. Rupert Murdoch: No, I think we're very happy with our footprint in New York. And I'm yet to make a call on the new chairman of the FCC. But we were certainly very welcoming of his appointment because of his experience in the industry and his knowledge of it.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you everybody for joining us on this call.
Operator: This conference will be made available for replay after 6:30 p.m. today until August 15th at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 106787. International participants, please dial 1-320-365-3844.  This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-05-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Director Rupert Murdoch - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Peter Chernin - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs
Media: Andrew Clark - Guardian News George Zollie - Hollywood Reporter Sarah Rable - Bloomberg News Robert McMillan - Reuters Brian Steltzer - The New York Times Ryan Makashima - The Associated Press Ben Fricks - The Los Angeles Times
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the News Corporation third quarter 2009 earnings release. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs, Mr. Gary Ginsberg. Please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you, Ryan. Hello, everyone and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. On today’s call are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief executive Officer; Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. Dave will give a detailed presentation of the quarter’s results. Rupert will then offer a more qualitative analysis of the company and our future prospects, followed by Peter who will make some brief remarks before taking your questions. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp.'s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp.'s Form 10-Q lists risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statement contained in such a filing. Please note also that certain financial measures used in this call, such as adjusted operating income, adjusted EPS, and -- to non-GAAP reconciliation of operating income is posted on our website on our investor relations earnings release page. And with all of that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Gary, thank you and good afternoon, everybody. As you can see in today’s earnings release, we are continuing to operate in a very challenging economic environment and our current operating results reflect this. Operating income in the third quarter was $755 million and this is down 47% compared to last year’s results. Primarily this reflects declines in our television and print businesses, partially offset by growth in our cable channel. The quarter also includes approximately $55 million in one-time restructuring costs at our print business. Equity losses of affiliates totaled $40 million in the quarter, compared to equity earnings of $109 million a year ago. This variance is primarily the result of the absence of DIRECTV and Gemstar’s earnings. These two companies were disposed of last year. It also reflects the inclusion of our share of losses at Primera. Bottom line, the company reported net income for the quarter of $2.7 billion. This is in line with the 2.7 reported in last year’s third quarter. Reported earnings per share this March quarter were $1.04 as compared to $0.91 reported for the same quarter a year ago, and this is due to fewer shares outstanding. It’s important to note that this year’s results includes a $1.2 billion gain in other related to the partial sale of our NDS ownership, which was completed in February. The prior year’s third quarter results also includes a $1.7 billion gain on the asset and stock exchange with Liberty Media. In addition to these items, this quarter’s equity earnings of affiliates includes an $81 million ITV write-down at BSkyB, as compared to $101 million charge recognized a year ago. Excluding the net income effects of these items, adjusted net income was at $1.59 billion in this quarter, as compared to a similarly adjusted $899 million last year. Adjusted earnings per share this quarter was $0.61, up from an adjusted $0.30 in the third quarter a year ago. In addition, this quarter’s net income includes a one-time, non-cash tax benefit of approximately $1.2 billion resulting from the required adjustment of our opening tax accruals, due to the completion of certain multi-year tax audits, which contributed $0.46 to our earnings per share in the quarter. In accordance with FIN-48, we did not recognize the accounting benefits related to certain tax deductions in prior periods until we had final resolutions of these matters. With that, I would like to provide some comments on the performance at a number of our business segments, and we’ll start with the film segment, which reported third quarter operating profit of $282 million, and this is 8% higher than last year’s result, primarily reflecting higher contributions from our television production business, which was negatively impacted last year by the writers’ strike. More recently, our year-over-year performance in the movie business has also improved considerably, with a number of recent box office successes, led by Wolverine, and also including Marlie and Me, Slumdog Millionaire, and Taken, which are now starting to flow through the home entertainment window and are doing quite well. At our television segment, operating income in the quarter was $4 million, as compared to $419 million in the third quarter a year ago. This result reflects weaker ad markets, higher entertainment programming costs at the network, and the absence of both the Super Bowl and contributions from eight stations that were sold last July. The eight stations accounted for revenues and earnings declines of $76 million and $24 million respectively. Excluding the Super Bowl revenues of approximately $30 million last year, revenues at our remaining stations declined 28%. This is slightly less of a decline than the overall TV station market. Virtually every category was down in the quarter, with continued weakness from auto, financial, and movie categories. At the Fox Broadcasting Network, higher operating losses resulting from higher license fees on our returning shows and lower primetime ad sales reflecting 13% lower ratings. Programming costs in the year-ago quarter were unusually low due to the writers’ strike that precluded running the entirety of 24 last season and resulted in the broadcasting of several lower priced re-runs. Lower ratings from NASCAR also impacted revenues and profits at SBC during this quarter. And at Star, earnings contributions were down, reflecting a general softness in the local ad markets in India, as well as higher channel cost from the launch of regional language channels. Now moving on to the cable network segment, where we continue to show very strong growth, with operating income up 30%, driven by 11% revenue increases. As a reminder, comparative results at this segment are impacted by the sale of three of the RFMs last year, which had revenues of $35 million and operating profit of $14 million. Taking this into account, total segment affiliate fees on a like-for-like basis, were up 24% in the aggregate, and advertising revenues were down 6%. From a channel perspective, the largest year-over-year gains in the quarter were from the Fox News Channel, which achieved its highest quarterly operating profit ever, due to higher affiliate rates and increased subscribers. New affiliate deals for Fox News are now in effect, with all the major cable and satellite operators except Charter and Cox, which should both be renewed over the next year. The Big 10 network reported operating profits as compared to losses a year ago, reflecting last fall’s distribution agreement in the Midwest, and the international channels from revenue growth, especially in Latin America and Japan, as well as lower operating expenses in Europe. Turning to our direct broadcast satellite segment, Sky Italia reported operating income of $63 million, a $34 million decrease from the third quarter a year ago. About two-thirds of this decline results in a shift in the timing of our software package revenue recognition, which we described in each of our last two quarterly earnings calls. The balance of this decline is due to higher cost and unfavorable foreign currency movement that more than offset local currency revenue growth. Sky Italia’s local currency revenue grew 7% in the quarter and this is driven by a 7% increase in the average subscriber base, as compared to last year. Monthly ARPU in the quarter averaged 44 Euros. This is slightly below the 45 Euros achieved in the prior year. Excluding the impact of the soccer revenue change, local currency revenue growth would have been two percentage points higher and monthly ARPU would have been approximately 46 Euros. In the quarter, Sky Italia also had higher programming costs due to the larger subscriber base, increased soccer costs, and the addition of 15 new channels. Additionally, as discussed last quarter, we are also investing in new initiatives to drive higher penetration and premium services on our existing subscriber base. These initiatives have an up-front technology and service cost; however, these investments create a more durable and more profitable subscriber base. And for example, the churn rate for a premium service subscriber is 75% lower than a non-premium service subscriber. As a result of these efforts, at quarter end, over 1.2 million subscribers were taking at least one premium service, such as an HD, DVR, or a second box, as compared to 730,000 subscribers a year ago. And finally, in the quarter gross additions were approximately 232,000, while net additions were approximately 46,000, bringing the closing subscriber base to 4.8 million. While gross additions in the quarter were 25% higher than the same period in the prior year, our net additions reflected higher churn, which we now expect to be around 12% for the year. The churn increase was exacerbated by a doubling on January 1st of the required VAT rate from 10% to 20% on our subscription rates. It was also affected by the worsening economic conditions in Europe and in Italy in particular. Despite these factors, over 90% of the 1.2 million contracts expiring in the quarter were renewed. Excuse me for just a minute. Turning now to our newspaper and information service segment, operating income in this quarter was $7 million, and this is down from $209 million last year. This year’s results reflect significantly weaker advertising trends in all markets, unfavorable foreign exchange movements, as well as the inclusion of approximately $25 million in restructuring charges relating to cost reduction programs. In the United Kingdom, local currency advertising revenues were down 21% overall from declines in classified and caller display advertising and this is principally from volume declines at our quality titles. U.K. circulation revenues, however, were up 4% due to higher pricing and in the United Kingdom, we continue to focus on growing our market share. In Australia, advertising revenues were down 16% compared to a year ago. Classified advertising revenues declined 26%, primarily from reduced employment advertising, while display revenues were down 12%, reflecting the weak real estate market. And at Dow Jones, operating results declined largely due to a 33% advertising decrease at the Wall Street Journal from both display and classified advertising revenue. This is essentially a reflection of the significantly reduced volume activity in the financial markets and in industry in the United States in general. Like at our other properties, Dow Jones continues to reduce its cost base to respond to the revenue declines. Turning to our book publishing segment, third quarter operating income contributions were down $67 million compared to last year. This decline reflects the inclusion of $30 million of restructuring charges, as well as the weaker retail book market, with retailers scaling back inventory and a reduced number of strong new releases versus a year ago. And at our other segment, we reported a third quarter operating loss of $89 million, $82 million below a year ago. Half of this decline is due to the partial sale of our NDS ownership in early February, at which point NDS results were no longer consolidated with News Corporation. The remaining other segment profit decline reflects weaker Fox Interactive Media results. FIM revenues in the quarter of $187 million were down 11% compared to a year ago, primarily due to 16% lower advertising revenue, which includes a reduction of branded and performance advertising revenues at MySpace. Additionally, total FIM costs were up 7%, reflecting the continued rollout of the MySpace music joint venture and the addition of other new MySpace features. And Rupert will comment in a moment on recent changes at FIM. Finally, let me address our guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2009, and as a reminder, you will recall that we measure this guidance excluding from fiscal 2008 results -- the $253 million in operating profit contributions from businesses or assets sold in fiscal 2008, which are no longer included in our ongoing results, namely the eight TV stations, the three RSMs sold to Liberty and the U.K. land sale. So when we look at measuring comparisons in fiscal 2009, we are comparing it to a base of $5.13 billion in operating profit for fiscal 2008, and our fiscal 2009 outlook excludes the effect of impairment and restructuring charges. In early February, we reduced our fiscal 2009 operating outlook to be down approximately 30% from the $5.13 billion fiscal 2008 results. While we have seen a little more deterioration at some of our advertising driven businesses, particularly newspapers and Fox Interactive, we have also seen some stabilization of the decline at a local TV station business. In addition, our filmed entertainment segment has regained much of its lost momentum, with more successful recent film releases, which includes Wolverine. As a result, taking all of these factors into account, we are maintaining our outlook for operating income to be down approximately 30% from the $5.13 billion fiscal 2008 results and this guidance assumes there will be no further weakening in advertising markets and economic conditions. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Rupert for his comments.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you, Dave and good afternoon, everyone. I am not an economist and we all know economists were created to make weather forecasters look good. But it is increasingly clear that the worst is over. As you know, I have been uncharacteristically pessimistic in recent calls, though I would argue that it was a well-founded concern. But there are emerging signs in some of our businesses that the days of precipitous decline are done and that revenues are beginning to look healthier. Clearly, as our results show, we continue to feel the effects of the tough economy, so we are weathering it by sticking to the core strategy that has helped us grow into a major global media and entertainment company with a strongly diversified portfolio. That strategy consists of investing wisely in properties that represent the next generation of growth, maintaining profitable assets at various stages of development, conservatively managing our balance sheet to maximize flexibility, and cutting costs and restructuring as far as possible without damaging our great franchises. To that end, we have reduced staff levels by 3,000 people, effecting very few journalists or creative personnel. We have streamlined and merged activities everywhere but especially at our stations and newspapers. We know the economy will eventually rebound. These strategies will allow us to emerge even stronger when that recovery begins. We are beginning to see a number of bright spots that give us encouragements. Most notably, these include a resurgence at our film studio with continued strong growth of our 200 worldwide cable channels, and circulation gains at the Wall Street Journal and market share gains at our U.K. and Australian newspaper titles. Let me go through each of them briefly. Firstly, the movie business -- it is booming right now. At Fox, we could not be happier with last weekend’s $85 million opening of Wolverine, the biggest domestic opening of 2009. Globally, we added another $73 million, and in many individual markets, we saw the best numbers of any X-Men film. It’s a testament to the strength of this important franchise and of the overall health of the business. Indeed, the movie industry is proving itself anti-cyclical -- already in 2009, domestic box office revenue is up more than 15%, and that’s not just from ticket prices but in admissions overall. And with the event of 3D cinema, we think those numbers are set to rise significantly. Similarly, on the home entertainment side, the explosion of digital platforms is giving us more options to bolster an important part of our film entertainment segment. We have a potentially great slate of films over the next 18 months and are busy building on them. Our cable segment remains a viable performer, up 30% in operating income year over year, led by the Fox News Channel. This past quarter, Fox News achieved its highest operating profit ever, nearly doubling its progress from the previous year’s quarter. It’s a stunning achievement for a 13-year old network who continues to dominate cable news. It has held the number one position in cable news for 87 consecutive months and in April, Fox News grew its primetime audience a staggering 63% over the same period a year ago in the key 25 to 54 demo. Today it’s the number two network in prime time among all basic cable networks and is closing the gap with the long time number one network, USA. On the advertising front, in both cable and broadcast, volume and pricing are holding up well and scatter is currently being done at or above up-front pricing. We are seeing strong growth at the WSJ.com, as measured by our internal metrics. We had 13.4 million visitors in April last year, whereas this last month, we had 26.5 million visitors. Ad revenues for the site are forecast to rise 20% year-on-year in the fourth quarter. In just three weeks, 360,000 people have downloaded the Journal’s iPhone mobile reader. As you can imagine, we will soon be making them pay handsomely for the privilege of accessing the world’s best business news source. If it is possible to charge for content on the web, it is obvious from the Journal’s experience. We are now in the midst of a [proper] debate over the value of content and it is clear to many newspapers the current model is malfunctioning. We have been at the forefront of that debate and you can confidently presume that we are leading the way in finding a model that maximizes revenues and returns for our shareholders. I can assure you we will not be feeding our content rights to the fine people who created the Kindle. We will control the prices for our content and we will control the relationship with our customers. Any device maker or website which doesn’t meet these basic criteria on content will not be doing business long-term with News Corporation. Too many content creators have been passive in the face of obvious violations of intellectual property rights. We rightly hold China and other countries accountable on this important issue. But the violation of these rights is rampant on the web in our own country. Our content is extremely valuable and the violators have recognized that value. Within the company itself, the very bright people we have at our Slingshot Laboratories are devising clever ways to monetize the content of some of our long established print properties. We will be matching their contemporary expertise and the creation of communities within our traditional -- with our traditional expertise in the creation of content. The [current days of the Internet] will soon be over. Meanwhile, despite the dismal ad market, we continue to grow our circulation and market share among many of our important newspaper targets. Here in the U.S., the Wall Street Journal is the only major newspaper to grow in circulation over the past six months, up more than 2.8% in individually paid circulation. The Wall Street Journal digital network reported a 38% increase visitors year over year during March. In the U.K., all four of these international titles -- the Sun, the Times, the Sunday Times, and [News World] -- have each taken market share from rivals. In spite of this, the Times and the Sunday Times have been particularly hard hit in their advertising revenues. We’ve also been dealing with tough challenges at some of our consistent growth drivers. Dave mentioned earlier some of the issues facing Sky Italia, including the doubling of the VAT tax, that have depressed our results. But I think it’s important to note that we are taking advantage of the fact that Sky Italia is the technology leader in the Italian TV marketplace. By investing in initiatives to exploit this competitive edge by further driving the penetration of premium services, like high definition and PVRs. Year over year, we have increase the adoption of premium services by 60%, and these customers have proven to be stickier and more resilient than other subscribers. At MySpace, we believe the management moves we made over the past two weeks will help it regain its momentum. We think the new team that John Miller has put together is going to help MySpace refine and shape its strategic vision and take it to a much higher plane of growth. The truth is we’ve had a lot of success in expanding MySpace into a global social portal, with services like MySpace Music, and we think we’ve put the right people in place to capitalize on these success by developing new features and products that will spur further growth and profitability -- profitability, I must say, that has completely escaped our competitors. Finally, there is no doubt the traditional newspaper business model has to change, even though the present situation I think has been greatly exaggerated by the current recession. Classified revenues are undoubtedly migrating to the web, probably not to return. So all our great technological and creative resources, which exist in many countries, in the United States, or from the United States to India and beyond, have been concentrated on developing new business models which will return trusted and famous journalistic enterprises to long-term profitability. There is clearly a convergence of our various talents within News Corporation. It is helping us to resolve these profoundly important issues. For instance, we are developing and investing in exciting new digital businesses. Hulu, for one, is off to a great start as a premiere aggregator of video content on the web. There are lessons in Hulu’s success for other parts of our company, which is at its heart a creator and distribution of unique content. Before I turn it over to Peter, I would just like to say a few words about what he has meant to this company. He has been with me for most of his professional life and I have watched him grow from a young executive to my trusted deputy in running this company for the past 12 years. He has been instrumental in helping to build News Corp. into what it is today and we will all miss working with him. Suffice it to say that he has been a key architect in growing our entertainment properties into industry leaders. He’s also helped nurture and support what I believe is the strongest management team in this business. I look forward to working with him in his new television and film venture. Now I’ll turn it over to you, Peter.
Peter Chernin: Thank you very much for those very kind words, Rupert. Since this is my last call, or my last earnings call, I would like to start by saying how much I will miss the relationship I have built with all of you in the investor community over the past decade. You know, I think back to the many trips to the Midwest in January, the countless chats over coffee in dank conference rooms, or most of all the thousands of questions I have answered on so many of these quarterly calls. And it actually has been a real privilege and I appreciate it. It’s also been a great privilege to work here at News Corp. all these years. I have had the ride of my life and I leave knowing that the company is in great shape. You know, if you look across the businesses, News Corp. is the leader across so many areas of our business. We are once again back to being the number one movie studio. We will finish this year as the number one network for the fifth year in a row. We have record market share I all of our television stations. We are the industry leader in growth among cable channels, among cable channel companies. We are the leading international cable channel company. We are the leading international pay television company. We are the leading worldwide newspaper publisher and on and on and on. I think you look across so many parts of this company, we are clearly in a leadership position and it’s something I take great pride having played a small role in. More importantly, I think this company has, hands down, the strongest and most consistent management team in the industry. These are men and women of great character who I think are all exemplary leaders, and I’ve been fortunate to work so closely with so many of them for so long. I have also been heavily engaged these past two months and will be for the next two months in this transition period, and I think it couldn’t have gone more smoothly and I am really confident that between the caliber of the leaders and with Rupert’s continuing involvement, that this team will deliver for years and years to come. Finally, I just want to take a moment to personally thank Rupert -- it’s been a privilege, a deep, deep privilege to work for the best leader in the industry, a leader who is visionary, who is bold, who is supportive, and trust me -- who is more exciting to be around than you can possibly imagine. I am grateful for the opportunities I have had, I am genuinely proud of our achievements, and I leave having had more fun and more satisfaction than anyone can imagine, so thank you, Rupert. And with that, I guess we’ll take questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks. I have one housekeeping for Dave and then one for Rupert; Dave, I just want to make sure, you said cable advertising was down 6 in the quarter -- was that an organic number and where was the weakness? And then Rupert, you’ve been clearly proven right by being cautious but if you are saying the worst is over, or clearly over, then when does the company start buying back stock with the $6 billion of cash on the books? So those are my two questions.
David F. DeVoe: The answer is yes, and it was principally in the RSMs in the quarter.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: In the RSMs, and is that continuing in this quarter in terms of that trend?
Rupert Murdoch: I think you have to expand on that -- it’s only been down 6% this quarter. We expect for the year to be up 2%, and it is in the RSNs, in local advertising, local sponsorships of local teams. That’s where we’ve been hit -- the general purpose cable networks are all up.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks. And then, on the cautious, being proven right, what about if the worst is over, why not use the $6 billion to buy back stock?
Rupert Murdoch: I want a little more evidence that the worst is over. Talking to everybody, there is a real feeling that we’ve hit bottom and that there is something turning, but it’s early days yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Before a question, just one comment -- I want to wish Peter all the best. You’ve been such a big influence in my career and I just respect you enormously and sad to see you go. And with that, I guess two questions, but one is, going to that cash question, the $6 billion on the balance sheet and building, would you consider not only a buy-back but also repositioning the company, given where multiples are, you are starting to see multiples expand as the market is looking for stabilization. So I guess the question is what other uses of cash would you consider? And then, kind of on the other side of that, would you consider restructuring any parts of your business, including a spin-out a la Time Warner, possibly separating out the newspapers -- what is our view of that?
Rupert Murdoch: We believe that, as I stated earlier, that we are a very strong inter-related company and that all our divisions help each other, and that’s it. But I’ll just say about our impairments or our cash position, it is true that we have $6 billion at the moment and although the maturity averaging is nearly 20 years, except in the first three or four months of next year, we do have $2 billion worth of repayments, so let’s get that behind us first.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Two questions -- the first one is with reference to potentially seeing some stabilization, can you talk about what you are seeing in the local TV business in terms of pacings for this quarter? And can you talk a little bit about home video trends? Obviously you guys are at an enviable point in the content cycle, which is great news. What are you seeing from a secular perspective and are your views changing? I think Bob Iger was a little bit more optimistic. It sounded a little bit like --
Rupert Murdoch: Our stations, if you had asked me that question a month ago, I would have had to say that the pacing for the next quarter looked frighteningly bad, but we’ve already in this month improved by 15% and the next two months look much the same. Just to give you a completely honest breakdown of the thing, although we were down 28% in top line revenue in the stations, in this quarter we expect to finish the year down 23% in top line revenues there. In FBC, we expect to be down 6%; in cable, up 2%; change to local currencies in Britain, we expect to be down 13% and Australia 10%; Dow Jones total, which includes all their [inaudible] and their special services, down 22%; and in the Fox Interactive, down 4%, for a total adjusted for the year of a top line revenue of a decline of 14%. Now that’s given our estimates for the next quarter, but that’s where we expect to come out.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Rupert Murdoch: And that’s giving you a lot more information than we’ve given you in the past.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And on the DVD side, your big picture view there in home video?
Rupert Murdoch: On the DVDs, Peter can be a little precise but a big film, a good film seems to go out on DVD and do as well as ever. The library is a bit [down] but there’s a lot of other things going on with VOD and other developments where we feel we are going to more than make up -- we are in the leadership position, really, in the development of -- what’s that, Peter?
Peter Chernin: Well, with Hulu, particularly.
Rupert Murdoch: I wasn’t thinking of Hulu but also our --
Peter Chernin: No, I think we are in a leadership with --
Rupert Murdoch: Right, I’m sorry -- where DVDs will be sold at a higher price, much higher quality and as Sony rolls out those machines in greater numbers, we expect that to be an important growth factor. So there are various things which we believe are going to more than make up for the present slight decline in library titles.
Peter Chernin: And I would just add to that -- you know, I think we are seeing -- I would echo that. We are seeing strong titles performing quite strongly, particularly the sort of middle American Walmart like titles. We had a great result with Marlie & Me. We expect to have a very good result with Taken and Wolverine, et cetera. And where you are seeing a little softness is where they used to throw three or four library titles in -- maybe they are throwing only three into the basket or two right now, into the basket. But frankly, I am not sure that’s not as much a function of the economy as it is any secular -- I think it’s too early to say the business is in secular decline.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alan Gould with Natexis.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you. Rupert, your tone is staggeringly different than it was at the cable show a month ago. Dave, I was wondering if you could tell us if the credit markets have loosened up, if the banks have loosened up at all.
David F. DeVoe: Yeah, from our perspective, not only -- we in February did a $1 billion deal, both [10s and 30s]. Since that time, the credit spreads went up. They have now contracted. I would say over the last week, the markets are really open and open at relatively attractive prices.
Rupert Murdoch: There’s a lot of money out there and we would have no trouble in raising $1 billion or $2 billion in public bonds but -- and we don’t basically do business with the banks.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: If I could just follow-up on that, Rupert, News Corp. is often mentioned as a rumored potential buyer of an L.A. Times or a New York Times -- do you have any interest in buying any additional newspapers? You said the model is broken.
Rupert Murdoch: No, I’d want to see the model repaired and I would want to see the existing prices but no, no, we’re not in.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much. Peter, I would say that as strange as it might be for you not to be on the next call, it will be just as strange for us not to have you on the next call, but a question for Rupert today -- I mean, Rupert, when I look at your results this quarter, one thing really sticks out like a sore thumb. I mean, if you add up TV and print and your Internet businesses, it had no profits this quarter but there’s cable networks growing 30%. Can you comment at all -- one we get through the Fox affiliate fee growth, which has driven so much of that profit improvement, what kind of growth outlook do you have for cable networks when you look out the next few years? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: I wouldn’t say we are going to see the same percentage increase next year but we will certainly see the same amount of money increases -- same volume and profit.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: And what drives the growth of cable networks once they --
Peter Chernin: Can I also just add to that? I think you have -- it’s important to recognize that the company has cable channels at so many different stages of growth, so there’s still huge growth ahead on the Big 10 Channel. I think Fox Business has big, big growth ahead of us, and then also I think, which has never gotten quite the credit it deserves, those international channels are still in sort of very, very aggressive growth mode. So I think even while you may see some slow down in the short term of some of the -- you know, that big bump we have in Fox News or some of those others in the short term, there’s so many nascent cable channels in the mix that still have a lot of growth ahead of them.
Rupert Murdoch: I support that and I would just like to stress what Peter said about the international channels -- we have 140 channels, some of them very small, run by that group and you’ve got to realize that the growth of cable and satellite and multi-channel television is really only beginning in the rest of the world. And we will be riding those there, we will be in on all those platforms with as many channels as we can.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: I know you gave some numbers going into the year on the international channels but Rupert, since you are throwing a lot of numbers around on the call today, can you size for us for this fiscal year where the revenue and EBIT is coming out for those international channels?
Rupert Murdoch: No. Do we?
Peter Chernin: No, we don’t.
Rupert Murdoch: We don’t give that sort of detail but it’s in the hundreds.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jolanta Masojada with Credit Suisse.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. I wondered if you could talk through further restructuring charges that you expect during the fourth quarter. And when you look at the full year guidance somewhat -- from which restructuring costs are excluded, what will the total amount be excluded from the number of your guidance? And then, can you talk about when you expect the benefits of restructuring charges to start coming through?
David F. DeVoe: Jolanta, the benefit comes through immediately -- basically it’s a one-year payback. And the reason we excluded the restructuring charge out of our guidance is because we really don’t know what it’s going to be for the rest of the year. We continue to look at it -- as Rupert said, looking at all our businesses and looking at the way we do business in each one of these businesses, and so what it is going to be it is going to be -- again, it’s a one-off cost, which is why it’s excluded.
Rupert Murdoch: You know, we’ve taken about $100 million already out of -- a bit more than $100 million out of the cost of Dow Jones and we expect another -- it will be a total of $200 million by this time next year, and that’s a vast variety of ways. For instance, linking the back office functions of the Wall Street Journal and the New York Post is worth a few million dollars -- a handful of millions but there’s a lot of -- we’re looking at every detail everywhere. And there will be, I think I am confident in saying it, and I will not specify it because we don’t know the details yet but there will be major cost savings at MySpace and at Fox Interactive.
Peter Chernin: I just want to clarify that with respect to Dow Jones, those restructuring costs were contemplated in the acquisition, so none of those costs would go below the bottom line. If any, the [inaudible] of that are included in our guidance.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Dave, if you can’t give a forecast for the full year, can you tell us what the total restructuring charges are on a year-to-date basis?
David F. DeVoe: It’s slightly more than $50 million.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi with Standard & Poor’s.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Great. Thank you very much. If I can focus on Fox Interactive Media for a second here, ad revenues down 16% and that was quite striking to me, and it seems like all the categories were affected. So I’m just trying to understand better what’s going on in that business in terms of -- I know you are taking cost out of there but it seems like MySpace music is still some ways off from actually turning profitable. But overall, I just want to get a sense of where you see that business headed in terms of longer term with the new management in there, et cetera -- any color would be helpful.
Rupert Murdoch: I can’t help -- we’ve only been in for two days. But John Miller has a lot of ideas. We’ve worked at it a lot and we think we will have a much more attractive site for people to visit and stay with and just generate a lot more traffic. We are not looking for -- we may be wrong -- but we are not going for the Facebook model of getting hundreds and hundreds of millions of people who don’t bring any advertising with them at all, and we are number one here and we intend to stay number one and get further in front in the United States. But I really can’t be specific yet. We’ll try to be on our next call.
Peter Chernin: I can just add a little bit just about where we are currently, which is I think MySpace Music is still less than six months old. You know, we’ve added a tremendous amount of traffic. I think the next thing that I know they are working hard on there is some of the monetization opportunities there and those are just beginning to roll out. The other thing I would add a little bit is that I think a lot of what has gone on in the MySpace branded side has been marketplace driven -- you know, I think there’s been real softness in that marketplace and interesting, we are actually seeing some signs that things are improving. Our May pacing is up over last year -- certainly over April but also over last year and currently our June and July pacing on the MySpace branded side is up, so a lot of that seems to be marketplace driven.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Peter, I want to wish you well as well, and just a quick follow-up for Rupert -- so I guess on the changes, management changes that were made, I think I’ve heard some concern about kind of the increasing number of direct reports that’s going to be reporting to you, so I’m just trying to get a sense of how much significantly more involvement that you are going to be now. Can you provide perhaps some assurance that the new structure that you have put in place with Peter’s departure is not going to result in any major change in overall strategy or the direction of these businesses?
Rupert Murdoch: No, not at all -- if we look at the Fox businesses, I guess there are four people reporting to me, where there were many more to Peter. There’s the two people at the head of Fox Film Entertainment and we’ve streamlined that so that they will also report for the 20th Television Production. And there’s Tony [Vinciquera] who will be reporting on all networks, cable, and over the air. And there will be John Miller on a -- well, not just for FIM but on the whole broader business of digital.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Thanks for taking the questions.
Rupert Murdoch: And everybody else is in place and fine.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Okay. I appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: You know, I think the big thing, and Peter mentioned it, is most of those people have been with us for a long time and are trusted and proven and first class executives.
Peter Chernin: Also, let me say one other thing -- I don’t think Rupert is going to be any more or less involved because trust me, he was plenty involved in everything I did.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Okay, I hear you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Just a question on trying to clarify -- Rupert, you made a comment about 23% being kind of the rough decline for TV stations for the year -- I think you did 17, 20 in the first couple of quarters and you did 28 this quarter, so fair to say that you are tracking somewhere around 27%, so pretty close to the third quarter decline in the fourth quarter.
Rupert Murdoch: That’s correct.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Okay, and then the second question is with newspapers kind of profitability gotten down to where it is, I assume it is fair to say that you actually have newspapers that now are actually beginning to lose money beyond just the New York Post? And if that’s true, is that just simply the way it’s going to be for the next 12 months as kind of the newspaper business works its way through the current crisis and you figure out a longer term kind of profitable strategy, or can you actually cost cut your way to profitability in the near term?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, the only other paper that is in a loss and it was, has always been, was The London Times. But I think like The London Sunday Times, which used to be a very big profit earner and had a lot of classified advertising, travel advertising, that sort of thing, and that is still in profit but it is only just so. What’s carrying us in London, interestingly, is The Sun, which is holding a 3 million circulation, and enjoying a lot of advertising from the supermarket wars that are taking place over there.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: If I can just follow-up real quick on Alan Gould’s question earlier -- about four weeks ago at the NCTA you were pretty vocal on this being a bear market rally and really worried about the future, especially the near term future -- what has changed or what have you seen in your businesses that has caused such a significant posture shift over the last four weeks?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, I think that everybody was in shock by the economy and all business sort of falling off a cliff in the last three months of last year, and it’s taken them time -- and including me -- and we saw that just in the disappearance of advertising and business, in January/February. But now -- and in March, for that matter -- but now we are seeing people coming back into the advertising market and spending. I think they realized that they’ve got to keep their brand in front of people and -- it’s not back to the old levels, don’t get me wrong, but if you have a look at today’s post and you’ll see the retailers in there, it’s quite remarkable. If you look at television, you will find Chrysler is back advertising -- you know, Chrysler has come in with $5 million, I believe, into the market. There’s a lot of activity. It is not in any stage back to the boom days, but it is -- at the very least we’ve hit a floor and we seem to be getting some bounce off it.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking the questions, guys. If I could ask two -- Rupert, we could go back to an asset that you didn’t focus on yet, which was STAR, and ask about that business, how it’s performing and generally your thoughts on Asia and opportunities to invest there. Are there any potential acquisitions or business models that you see emerging in China or India that look interesting to News Corp.? And then second for you and/or Peter, on piracy in film, obviously there was a lot of noise on the X-Men front -- is piracy a big deal to the business? If it is, have you seen any technology or business model or law enforcement models out there that you think might work that need to be put into place?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, Peter can answer the piracy one. You asked me about STAR -- we have had a difficult year in STAR. Basically the difficulties have been in India. We’ve got a new competitor there who doesn’t seem to -- which is I presume financed by Viacom. They are even going on the air in primetime with no advertising, night after night. And that is affecting us. But basically, the advertising market is down very heavily in India and we won’t know how we come out of that until we see the results of this election and what sort of government comes. It’s -- otherwise, no, we do not see things too bad -- we did buy this year, which is to say, you know, and it was a pretty good price we paid, for more channels in Southern India. Asia Net, which we are very, very hopeful of. It’s in the richest part of India. They have good channels. And so we are building our business to sort of get ourselves national coverage in India, which I am personally in the long-term very, very optimistic about as a country.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: How about China?
Rupert Murdoch: China -- nothing to say, really, about it. I mean, no, we don’t see anything to buy there. We don’t see anything to do that will make us a lot of money. We continue to watch it and monitor very carefully but -- although business is getting better for some people and easing up -- in media, it’s pretty much a no-no.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wienkes with Goldman --
Peter Chernin: I can answer the piracy question just quickly before -- look, I think piracy is a serious issue for us. We now estimate that there are above a million downloads of that stolen Wolverine movie that was up there, and so that’s a serious issue for us. And I think that the -- and an issue that we believe the government should take a more active role in, both in terms of movies and what Rupert was talking about earlier in terms of all intellectual content. You know, we think that you could make an argument that’s as big an act of industrial espionage or industrial sabotage as we’ve seen in terms of its economic impact, and we think that there should be more done. Overall in terms of fighting piracy, I think that there are a number of things that need to be done, which we regularly do. You know, we have seen on Wolverine many positive steps in terms of sites that link into the movie taking down -- it’s more the peer-to-peer sites that remain so difficult. We do do a fair amount of spoofing. We use a lot of technology to [inaudible]. We clearly will tighten up the procedures. This was an isolated incident but it was a good wakeup call. And then finally I think that consistently the most important thing to do to combat piracy, which I think this company has been in the leadership position in, is to build alternative legitimate business models, and that’s clearly behind -- you know, that’s what motivated us to start Hulu, it’s what motivates us to be constantly aggressive about looking for new technological ways to deliver our product legitimately to consumers. So I think it is a big problem and one we consistently continue to fight, but also one most importantly that we need to attack from a business model perspective.
Gary Ginsberg: We’ll take one more question, Operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wienkes with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. Just following up on that last point quickly, is the idea then to add streaming movies or subscription based portal to the Hulu site?
Peter Chernin: Well, there are streaming movies already on Hulu. They are limited in number because we are obviously not looking to cannibalize our DVD business. You know, we are looking at everything -- I’m not sure we’re ready to add subscription model yet, although you should probably talk to Jason. But certainly we are looking at all sorts of other electronic sell-through and video-on-demand models through multiple players, so we are consistently looking for ways to make all of our product legitimately available in electronic means.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Great, and I just wanted to follow-up real quick on the --
Rupert Murdoch: -- stress the importance of Hulu. We really have very great hopes for that and I think we’ll be trying [inaudible] it runs, we’ll be trying different models there, but it already is the third biggest video site in the country and it’s the only one that actually collects any revenue. So we should really be very happy and very confident about that.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Great, and then just real quickly on the advertising market having hit a floor -- as you think about the rebound or potential rebound, what are the categories or the verticals or groups of advertisers that you think, or at least are looking toward, to lead the way out in the second half of the year?
Rupert Murdoch: I think big national brands will be very keen to keep themselves in front of the public and while the public is still in its present mode of looking for bargains and tightening its belt, you are already seeing big increases from food chains like Wendy’s and so on. There is money there and it’s being spent. But it’s not all the old money -- you can’t have a crisis like this and find to be different prominent advertisers and -- versus old ones. For instance, I’ll just say one thing and then we’ll get off this, but probably the biggest things at Fox Television stations, by far the biggest category was automotive. And of course it was the one that was hit most of all. And fast food restaurants, you will see they will come up a lot, I am sure.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: Okay, thank you. We’ll go to press calls, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Clark with Guardian News.
Andrew Clark - Guardian News: I was interested in what you had to say about the success of charging readers on the Wall Street Journal’s website. I wondered, Rupert, whether you could envisage a time when you would be charging readers to look at the websites of general interest papers, such as The Times and The Sun, papers like that.
Rupert Murdoch: We are absolutely looking at that. Very much so.
Andrew Clark - Guardian News: Where are you on that? Is that something that is likely to happen within the next few months, do you think?
Rupert Murdoch: I would think you will see some within the next 12 months.
Andrew Clark - Guardian News: Okay, and does that apply to most of your newspaper properties around the world?
Rupert Murdoch: We are certainly planning that way but we will have to just test it first on some of our stronger ones.
Andrew Clark - Guardian News: Okay. Isn’t it --
Gary Ginsberg: We have limited time, so I need to move to the next question, sorry. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George [Zollie] with the Hollywood Reporter.
George Zollie - Hollywood Reporter: Thank you. Peter, can you talk a little bit about how much time you’ve had to focus on where your production venture is going? Have you figured out who is going to run it with you, what kind of projects you might take on, or have you been so busy with your transition you’ve not even spent much time on this?
Peter Chernin: First, this is clearly a News Corp. call, so I don’t really have anything to say about my own stuff other than I am still engaged and pretty busy doing my job here, which I will do until the end of June, so I am really -- I will have no news until July or August.
Rupert Murdoch: I would just like to add that I am very confident Peter will be bringing us a couple of big hits every year.
Peter Chernin: We hope so.
George Zollie - Hollywood Reporter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah [Rable] with Bloomberg News.
Sarah Rable - Bloomberg News: Hi, I was wanting to ask an additional question about the $6 billion in cash that you have right now and with a lot of media assets at more depressed valuations, are you looking at any mergers or acquisitions and are there any particular categories or companies that you might be interested in?
Rupert Murdoch: Seeing nothing of size. If you look at our business and most of our things that we’ve done really well with are things we’ve started ourselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert McMillan with Reuters.
Robert McMillan - Reuters: Hi, this question is for Rupert -- I’m hearing you express a fair amount of confidence for the newspapers that you do own and also for ways to actually make money by charging online for others, as you said before. I am going to bring up a question that people seem to ask a lot in this case, which is how long do you think it’s going to take at News Corp. for the kind of digital revenue you can get from charging and from advertising to make up for what’s being lost in print?
Rupert Murdoch: A couple of years.
Robert McMillan - Reuters: Is that two years, is that more than two?
Rupert Murdoch: I hope it’s less but it may be a little bit more. We are working very hard over this and there are a lot of things that we are looking at. There is one thing charging; there is another thing, the use of which I referred to in my remarks, the use of mobile readers of newspapers. We don’t believe in the Kindle business model but we are very interested and think it’s very significant that so many people go to that for their newspaper or go to their Blackberries, for that matter, to get their news. And we -- you know, there’s a lot of ways we can make money out of our content, over and above advertising. And it will be -- there are many things we can do but there’s a lot of technology going on. Some of the greatest technological companies in the world are spending a great deal of money in developing advanced reading devices, mobile reading devices, and we are terribly neutral about that. We’re not -- you know, we may invest some little thing in something experimentally but because we have such good people who can contribute to it, but we are not appliance makers. There are other great ones in the world we’d rather go to and see and be quite neutral over.
Robert McMillan - Reuters: And when do you think the web project, the portal that is being discussed about the News Corp. properties, will be released or will actually be available to the public? It’s something we read about in the New York Post this morning.
Rupert Murdoch: That’s something we have constant debates about within the company. No, he’s talking about a portal.
Gary Ginsberg: You’re talking about --
Robert McMillan - Reuters: I’m sorry to use webby language -- there was a New York Post story today saying that there’s going to be what looked like a web portal for all News Corp. news organization stories. That would be something that I would gather would be made either available through a reader or in some other fashion. But I don’t know the details.
Gary Ginsberg: That’s a different initiative and we’ve just announced that it’s going to take a while to develop and we’ll come back to you when we are ready to announce it.
Robert McMillan - Reuters: Okay. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Steltzer with The New York Times.
Brian Steltzer - The New York Times: Thank you. A question about the local TV stations for you, Rupert -- earlier on the call you said you expect to finish the year down about 23% in top line revenues. Given the continued declines with stations, are you considering or making any specific changes in their expense structures?
Rupert Murdoch: We’re doing everything we can. For instance, we are combining, at considerable capital cost, you know, all of the stations into one IT system. We expect that will save us over $100 million a year. It will take us a year to get there. Other things we are doing, we’re expanding our news, the time we spend on news services because we have the staff there, it doesn’t cost money, it saves us some buying, expense of syndicated products. You know, there are a number of things, none of them I would say are dramatic, but we expect that all to help and we also expect my own personal feeling is that we will see a return to television advertising faster than we see it to newspapers.
Brian Steltzer - The New York Times: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Makashima with The Associated Press.
Ryan Makashima - The Associated Press: I wanted to ask about your Internet businesses -- first, how much in costs do you think you can save from MySpace to help get it profitable and --
Rupert Murdoch: It is profitable.
Ryan Makashima - The Associated Press: Okay, but I think you mentioned cost-cutting at MySpace -- could you describe what you are talking about?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, we wish to make it really profitable and we think that’s possible. We can -- but I am not prepared to go -- I can’t give you details of that at this stage.
Ryan Makashima - The Associated Press: Okay. And I’m also wondering, are there other properties out there that you would consider buying, perhaps AOL, or some combination with that company?
Rupert Murdoch: We’ve never really thought about it, to be honest. Perhaps because they are always talking ridiculous prices. I believe they are now -- but no, we are not thinking about it.
Ryan Makashima - The Associated Press: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Gary Ginsberg: We’ll take one more question, Operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Fricks with The Los Angeles Times.
Ben Fricks - The Los Angeles Times: I just wanted to ask about the film and entertainment -- you guys seem pretty positive about it but revenues were still down about 9%, I think, even though operating profits were up. Can you talk about [inaudible] market or some other, something having to do with the release mix or --
Peter Chernin: Most of that revenue shortfall was a direct comparison to DVD releases the previous year. I think Simpsons and Die Hard were some very big DVDs and we are just starting to work through the big DVD cycle with Wolverine and Taken now, so that was only just a timing issue.
Rupert Murdoch: -- very much in timing and we did have, and we did warn people, I think, certainly we knew internally that we were going to have it fairly weak last summer and certainly a weak first six months of the year. We are now coming back very strongly.
Ben Fricks - The Los Angeles Times: Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you very much, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. It is available for replay starting at 6:30 Eastern today, going through May 16th, 2009, at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 996443. International participants please dial into the United States at 320-365-3844 using the same access code 996443. Those numbers again, 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, with the access code 996443. We appreciate your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-02-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Rupert Murdoch - Chairman and CEO Peter Chernin - President and COO Dave DeVoe - CFO Gary Ginsberg - EVP, Global Marketing and Affairs
Analysts: David Jefferies - Kyodo News Robert McMillan - Reuters Ken Lee - Financial Times Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Adam Alexander - JB Were David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse Jason Bazinet - Citigroup John Janedis - Wachovia Alan Gould - Natixis Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Jessica Reif-Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Welcome to the News Corp. 2009 earnings release conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and Affairs, Gary Ginsberg. Please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you, operator. Hello everyone and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2009 Earnings Call. On the call today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. Dave will give a detailed presentation of the quarter results at the beginning, followed by Rupert who will offer a more qualitative analysis of the company today and our future prospects. Rupert, Peter and Dave will then take your questions, which given the (inaudible) time, I implore you to limit to just one. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to the News Corp’s business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said, News Corp’s Form 10-Q for the three months ended December 31st 2008 lists risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in our filing. Finally please note that certain financial measures we will use in this call such as adjusted and operating income, adjusted EPS and adjusted net income are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude impairment charges and other net in the second quarter of fiscal '09. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of operating income is included in our press release and the EPS and net income reconciliation is posted on our website on our Investor Relations earnings release page. And with all that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
Dave DeVoe: Gary, thank you and good afternoon. As you can see in today’s News Corporation’s earnings release, we are operating in a very challenging economic environment and our operating results reflect this. As a result of the market conditions and the decline in our stock price, we performed a review of our intangible assets during the quarter, which resulted in a pre-tax non-cash impairment charge of $8.4 billion related to goodwill and tangible assets. Because of this charge, reported GAAP operating income for the second quarter was a loss of $7.6 billion as compared to operating income of $1.4 billion for last year. Excluding this impairment charge, adjusted operating income in the second quarter was $818 million, down 42% as compared to last year’s result, reflecting declines in all segments except magazines and inserts and cable. Bottom-line, the company reported a net loss for the quarter of $6.4 billion as compared to $832 million of net income last year second quarter. In addition to the impairment charge this quarter, there were a few other comparative items to mention. This quarter's associated entities results include a small ITV write-down at BSkyB as compared to the $270 million charge [recorded] a year ago. Our other expense of $98 million principally reflects the pre-tax loss on the sale of our TV business in Poland, and our tax rate was favorably affected by tax credits from the impairment charge. Our normal tax run rate would approximate 39%. Including the net income effects of these items in the impairment, adjusted net income was $385 million in the quarter, down 57% from a similarly adjusted second quarter result a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share this quarter was $0.15, down 46% from the adjusted $0.28 in the second quarter a year ago. Now, I would like to provide some comments on the performance at a number of our businesses. And please note that for comparative purposes, this discussion is based on adjusted operating income and that it excludes the effects of the impairment charge. Let's begin with the Film and Entertainment segment. This segment reported second quarter operating profit of a $112 million compared to last year’s very strong result of $403 million in profits. Last year's second quarter performance was led by several very strong DVD results, which included the Simpson movie, as well as the pay-TV results of Night at the Museum. This year’s quarter was led, although at much lower level, by the worldwide home entertainment performance of 'Horton Hears a Who' and 'The Happening' and by the domestic pay-TV performance of 'Juno'. As a result of higher launch cost the results from the current quarter's theatrical releases including 'The Day the Earth Stood Still', 'Australia' and 'Marley & Me' were approximately $60 million lower than films released last year. And additionally, the current year result also reflects a $22 million dollars charge for the bankruptcy of a customer in the United Kingdom. At our Television segment, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $18 million, as compared to $245 million in the second quarter a year ago. This result reflects the impact of weaker ad markets, higher programming costs at the network and the absence of earnings from the sale of eight stations in July. The eight stations accounted for revenues and earnings declines of $78 million and $23 million respectively. Revenue at our remaining stations declined 20%. This is right in line with market declines and adjusted operating income decreased 38% in the quarter. The station had good political advertising growth. However, this was more than offset by weaker auto, telecom, movies and fast food categories. At Fox Broadcast network higher operating losses resulted from higher entertainment and sports programming costs and reduced ratings. On the entertainment side we had increased license fees this year from returning series. While at sports we were particularly affected by this year’s post season baseball results. And at Star, we experienced a decline in advertising in India, in part due to the ratings impact of the three week broadcast strike and the Mumbai attacks and due to a general softness in the advertising market there. Now, moving on to the Cable Networks, where we continued to show strong very growth with operating income up 27% over a year ago on increased affiliate and advertising revenues. Our largest year-over-year gains in the quarter were from, the first time operating profit at the Big Ten network, and this reflects the recent distribution agreements in the Midwest, we now have full coverage there. The international channels from advertising and affiliate increases and this is led by our Latin American and European channels. And finally from the FOX News Channel and this is the result of higher affiliate rates and increased subscribers and ad revenues, which raises our operating profit and margins to record levels. New affiliate deals for the FOX News are now in effect with all major cable and satellite operators, including our most recent deals with Comcast and Equistar. And just as a reminder, comparative results at this segment are impacted by the sales of the three [RSNs] last year, which contributed $51 million revenues and $23 million in operating profit in the year ago results. Turning to the Direct Broadcast Satellite segment, or SKY Italia. SKY Italia. reported operating income of $10 million, a $52 million decrease from the second quarter a year ago. Nearly half of this decline results from the shift in the timing of our soccer package revenue recognition, which we described to you all last quarter, with another 10% coming from currency translations. The balance of the decline comes principally from revenue increases being more than offset by higher cost. While reported US dollar revenue growth show a decline due to changes in currency rates, SKY Italia's local currency revenue grew 6% in the quarter, and this growth would have been even higher, or 3% higher without the shift in our soccer revenues. In the quarter, our cost increased in excess of this revenue growth, and this is led by programming cost increases, reflecting the expansion of the average subscriber base, increased soccer cost from our new contracts, and the addition of new channels. It also includes the relocation of our Milan facility, and from increased investments and expanding premium services to subscribers. The additional investments we made in marketing, installation, and technology cost, associated with these new initiatives is driving higher penetration of premium services to our existing subscriber base. At quarter end, over one million subscribers were taking at least one premium service such as HD, DVR and multiple boxes as compared to 650,000 premium service subscribers a year ago. SKY Italia is the only provider of HD and DVR services in Italy. The rapid penetration of these products is designed to achieve a longer life and more profitable subscriber base. Also in the quarter, gross additions were approximately 300,000 while net additions were approximately 150,000 and this brings SKY Italia's closing subscribers at the end of December to $4.7 million. Our monthly ARPU in the quarter averaged 45 euros; this is about even with last year. If you exclude the impact of the soccer revenue recognition change, our monthly ARPU would have been 46 Euros. And finally, we are still on plan for an annual churn rate of slightly more than 10%. In the Newspaper and Information Service segment, adjusted operating income in this year's quarter was $179 million, and this is down 9% versus last year. This result reflects the inclusion of $59 million in Dow Jones adjusted operating income. Now this is net of about $17 million in purchase accounting amortization. Additionally, while we had $51 million of lower depreciation expense this year from our UK press project, this amount was offset by a similar amount from the effect of strengthened US dollar on a reported basis. So if you look at the segment, absent these items, adjusted operating income declined $82 million and this is primarily due to reduced advertising revenues. In the United Kingdom, advertising revenues were down 10% overall from declines in classified and non-color display advertising, principally at a quality title. However color display advertising increased and this was led by our tabloids principally, The Sun. In addition, our circulation revenues in the UK were up 2%, primarily due to higher pricing. In Australia, overall advertising revenues were down 6% compared to a year ago. Classified advertising revenues declined 13%, primarily from reduced employment ads while display ad revenues were down 3%. Again circulation revenues here, similar to the UK, were at similar levels and a year ago as cover price increase offset fewer copies sold. Turning to the Book Publishing segment, second quarter operating income contributions were down $44 million compared to last year. This decline reflects the weaker retail book market, the lack of comparable strong releases versus a year ago and a charge of $6 million for the bankruptcy of a customer. And finally at our other segments, we reported a second quarter operating loss of $38 million, $61 million less than a year ago. This decline is principally due to higher cost at Fox Interactive Media and lower contributions from NDS. At Fox Interactive Media revenues in the quarter of $226 million were down 3% compared to a year go. This is primarily due to reduced subscription levels at IGN. Search and advertising revenues were similar to year ago levels. Our cost increases particularly from the development launch of MySpace Music, expanded international operations and the addition of new MySpace features reduced FIM's earnings contribution to around $7 million in the quarter. Before I turn to guidance for fiscal 2009, I would also like to make a few comments related to our financial health and our balance sheet strength. At December month-end we had $13.3 billion in gross debt and $3.6 billion in cash with net debt of $9.7 billion. This represents an improvement of over $900 million in 12 months from the net debt position at the end of December 2007. Additionally earlier today we closed the NDS transaction, which increases our cash position by over $800 million. The company has approximately $450 million in debt maturities in early 2010 including a $250 million puttable bond. Additionally, $1.6 billion in debt convertible into shares of BSkyB owned by News Corporation could be put to us in March of 2010. News Corporation can elect to settle this put in cash, shares of BSkyB, or shares of News Corporation. Our current cash balance alone is sufficient to repay all of these maturities, as well as all other maturities coming due through 2015. And despite the current financial crisis and the related difficult trading conditions, we continue to generate significant annual free cash flow. So, while we recognize we are operating in a challenging environment, the competitive position of our franchises and the strength of our balance sheet is significant asset as we manage through this period. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2009. And as a reminder, you will recall that we mentioned this guidance, excluding from 2008 results the $253 million in operating profit contributions from businesses or assets sold in fiscal 2008, which are no longer included in our ongoing results, namely the eight TV stations, the three RSNs sold to Liberty, and the UK land sale. So as we look at measuring comparisons in fiscal 2009, we are comparing it to a base of $5.13 billion in operating profit for fiscal 2008 and our fiscal 2009 outlook excludes the effect of the impairment charges we took this quarter. In early November, we indicated that we were anticipating our change in operating income for fiscal 2009 to be a decline in the low to mid-teens from the $5.13 billion fiscal 2008 result. At that time we indicated that in developing our outlook, we had limited visibility into trading additions for the remainder of our fiscal year. In addition, our outlook assumed that advertising trends and market conditions would remain where they were at that time. Since that time we have seen a more significant deterioration in the economic conditions and consumer confidence. The direct impact of this to us has been a further weakening of our advertising driven businesses, including our local television stations, our newspapers, Fox Interactive, and to a lesser extent Fox Broadcast Network and cable networks. Additionally, the weakness in consumer discretionary retail sales is also negatively impacting our DVD and book sales, as well as the performance of some of our releases. As a result taking all of these factors into account and considering that we still have less than perfect visibility into our fiscal ‘09 advertising and currency trends, we are reducing our fiscal 2009 operating income outlook now to be down approximately 30% from the $5.13 billion fiscal 2008 results. This guidance assumes there will be no further weakening in the advertising markets and economic conditions. And I want to stress again that we still have less than perfect visibility into the markets. Looking at this change in our outlook from November till today, roughly 60% of the change is from the further deteriorating ad markets, which reduces our expectations of our advertising sensitive businesses. A further 25% of the change is related to weakened retail sales of home entertainment and book titles, the remainder of the change reflects updated views on our other aspects of our operations. While we are continuing to run our businesses on a least cost base, we are also intensely focused on cost reductions to respond to these revenue challenges. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Rupert.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you Dave. Good afternoon everyone. The results Dave just outlined are a direct reflection of the recession that is deep than anyone predicted. Indeed it is the worst global economics crisis we witnessed since News Corp, was established more than 50 years ago. While it's impossible to be completely prepared for a downturn of this magnitude, we began priming ourselves for a weakening economy earlier last year. We have implemented strict cost cutting measures across all our operations. We have reduced headcount in individual businesses where appropriate and we've scaled back on capital expenditures. Even in plush times, we have never been a company that tolerates fat. So in times like these, we are better positioned to weather this cycle than our competitors. We've also consistently maintained a strong balance sheet, which today following our completion of the partial sale of NDS posts approximately $4.5 billion in cash. Given our strong financial position, we have the reserves on hand to cover over seven years of upcoming debt repayments. And we intend to operate our businesses and balance sheet as conservative as usual. It is important to point out that while our earnings are challenged and there are variables we cannot control, chief enough among them the weakening advertising market, we can control how we manage our businesses. I can tell you we are doing everything we possibly can strategically, operationally, and financially to position ourselves to emerge stronger when the economy returns to some semblance of normalcy. One of the things about our company, which I am most proud, is this. We are never content to accept the status quo, to not challenge conventional assumptions or challenge ourselves and coming up with new business models or new approaches. That’s the reason why we revolutionized network television with FOX or cable news with Fox News. It is the reason the UK and Italy enjoy choice in TV that they do. Why the Wall Street Journal today, is the only newspaper in the country to be growing, or why social networking is now a part of the cultural landscape. We are also leaders in almost every segment in which we operate, from cable television and pay-TV, in newspapers and digital media, for the simple reason that we have not been afraid to take risks where others have flinched. I mention all this today not to chest beat or go up the scape. We are offering perspective on how we are approaching our business within this difficult environment. We are not sitting still waiting for things to change or to get better, but acting now when things are perhaps the bleakest. To strengthen our businesses, challenge our assumptions and come up with new approaches that will solidify our leadership positions into the future. We are putting all of our established businesses through the usual rigorous, strategic reviews to see if old models can be revitalized or new models created. We are making judicious, highly targeted investments to ensure that our developing businesses continue to grow. We have some of the word's most recognized vibrant media franchises in the world today, and now is the time to strengthen these franchises. We are also working to improve operating margins at all of our divisions by streamlining costs. And as always, we are intensely focused on market share. I am capturing an even larger share of the markets in which we operate. So how are we, for example, making targeted investments to better improve our competitive position? Consider SKY Italia; the numbers for the quarter as Dave explained were down year-over-year. Some of this is timing, some is currency. But what may not be evident from the numbers is, how much stronger our competitive position is becoming from the steps we are taking today. Most significantly, we’re making investments that will both strengthen our relationship with our customers while ensuring we remain market leaders long into the future. For instance, we launched nine new channels in Italy during this quarter, 13 in the past six months, invested in high-quality original entertainment programming, moved people up to higher programming tiers and increased our penetration of premium services, the single best hedged against churn. So this quarter's results actually reflect many growth and retention initiatives. But what’s most encouraging is despite these investments, we’re still on track to reach 90% of our original subscriber target for the year and a higher level of profitability over last year's record numbers. We are adopting the same strategy at Dow Jones and our other news brands. Over the past year at the Wall Street Journal, we have added new pages and launched a luxury magazine that has attracted 30 new advertisers to the franchise. We have also revamped our website, developed mobile applications and upwardly revised our pricing policy. I should say strongly revising our pricing policy. At the same time we realized more than $100 million in cost savings since acquiring Dow Jones last December and continue this process throughout the coming months. Today, the Wall Street Journal is the only major newspaper to grow its individually paid circulation year-over-year, up 2.4%, when nearly every other newspaper in the country is experiencing declines. And the most recent BBC reporting period, the Weekend Journal became the country's biggest selling weekend newspaper in individually paid sales, surpassing The Sunday New York Times for the first time and the Wall Street Journal Digital Network, which includes WSJ.com, MarketWatch.com, Barrons.com, AllThingsD.com has increased visitor traffic by 76% over the past year. The same is true at Fox Interactive Media, where we have been investing and expanding MySpace into a global social portal, a destination that is as much about entertainment and lifestyle as it is about social networking. We have launched MySpace Music, which is off to a great start with partnerships with a number of major and independent labels and high profile artists. With MySpace Video we are making deals with film and television producers for original content that will not need drive increased viewer engagement but also deliver enhanced sponsorship opportunities and revenue. And MySpace Mobile is a great success story with new device applications now running on the iPhone and Blackberry and a popular website. Despite a slight downturn in revenue this quarter, let's not lose sight that after five years MySpace still leads the social networking category in the US and has become a substantial business that we believe will continue to grow. Our cable division is another leading example of judicious investment. We went from no subscribers to more than 400 million monthly subscribers in under 10 years, because we launch properties wisely, gave them room to grow and capitalized on their success with new carriage deals. It is all in the US I might say. [On demonstration], the Big Ten Network which we launched just over a year ago today is profitable and is broadly distributed in Big Ten markets. And the Fox International Channels, which no had heard of a few years ago, continues to expand globally and is becoming one of our fastest and most durable growth drivers. Of course the biggest success story is the Fox News Channel, which has been the number one cable news channel for 28 consecutive quarters and by a big margin. And we continue to invest in quality movies because we know that in good times or in bad, people want to be entertained and will pay for the experience either in the theaters or at home. So while our quarterly film number is up sharply from last year, there are many reasons to be extremely optimistic about this segment for the rest of the year and beyond. First, we are emboldened by the success of our Christmas slate, particularly the strong performance of Marley and Me, and the Oscar nominated Slumdog Millionaire. We absorbed their cost in the second quarter, and will now reap the benefits of their box office success. Going forward, we have three sequels, the blockbuster films, which give us tremendous confidence; Ice Age 3, Night at the Museum 2, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. One of the reasons we are willing to make investments in our businesses and in quality content is that we have never bought in the pervasive fear that all is lost when the business hits a recession. That advertising is gone, never to return. That consumers won't pay for entertainment. Sure, there is reason to be concerned and we are running our businesses to respond to their concern. Historically, every time we have seen a recession, mild or major, we have endured this panic and come out better. And every time the economy rebounds, advertising comes back, usually stronger than before. I am not being flippant. I recognize that we may never return to record levels, but we do believe we can recapture a large percentage of the advertising that does return. That's why we continue to believe in newspapers and their brand extensions and television and film as mass media. Quite simply, as long as advertisers need to move their product and build brands, these industries will remain strong and the market leaders will be the strongest. And when this recession ends, we will be better positioned than anyone else because we have been aggressively building market share in these businesses and we will make no compromise in that sector. So just don't take my word, consider these facts. The Fox Network, it will win the Season’s the 5th successive year on the strength of American Idol, which in its eighth season continues to dominate prime time and serve as an effective launch pad for new programs. In fact, American Idols’ rating exceeds its closest competitor by 69%, in adults 18 to 49. Our station group, which is the number one US station group in terms of market share. Sure, margins in this business have contracted drastically. Though we continue to best our competition because we are aggressively cutting costs and expanding into what makes these station franchises and be local news. Today everything is on the table at the station group. We are looking at new revenue streams, we’re making inroads on the web and we are doing strategic news gathering partnerships. We continue to gain market share in the newspaper business. Beyond gains at the Wall Street Journal, market share in the UK is up year-over-year with gains at The Sun, The Times, The Sunday Times and the News of the World. And we are also very lucky that the vast majority of our titles are not at all dependent on classified advertisements. To put it in perspective, times may be tough right now but if our forecast is correct, we’ll make in excess of $3.5 billion of adjusted operating income this fiscal year. We also always have a strong balance sheet. We are working hard to grow our franchises and we have the best run businesses in the media sector. This downturn will eventually end and News Corporation will emerge better positioned, better capitalized, a better business than our peers. Thank you, everybody and now Peter, Dave and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Michael Nathanson, Sanford. Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks, I want to go to Rupert for a second, it sounds like, as you say there has been a little fat at News Corp over the years. So, when you described the opportunity to take out costs, which businesses do you think you have the best opportunities to take out cost and how big will those savings be?
Rupert Murdoch: We are taking them out everywhere. I mean, I am out in Australia at the moment and the local management is in the process of combining all their back-offices between the States of (inaudible). There are many different processes we are doing that goes right across the company, which is going to save a lot of people and a lot of money. And then there are other things, at the Wall Street Journal, there are so many numerous small things. We are combining the back-office of the Wall Street Journal and New York Post, which will eventually save about $7 million, certainly $4.5 million in the immediate future. We have also renegotiated nearly all of our delivery contractors across the whole of United States with a saving just starting now of $5 million a year and it goes on and on. It seems like we are chiseling away small things, but they do add up to a lot of money.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: How about on the studio side? Can you talk about that?
David DeVoe: Yeah, we have cut out I think just under $400 million in cost out of all Fox so far this year and it’s a combination of headcount and looking at all of our marketing things, looking at all of our vendor deals, and I think we have been extremely aggressive in looking at headcounts. We have been trying to do it without layoffs, but we have eliminated I think just under 800 positions from the company. We have put a headcount freeze at the beginning of the fiscal year and then recently we just eliminated two-thirds of the open jobs. So, we are down about 800 heads across all of the Fox Companies.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much. Rupert, you and Dave talked about your strong balance sheet. I imagine you’ll be ultra-conservative in this environment, but should we have any expectation that you will look outside the company for growth opportunities? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: Now if they come to us and they are screaming bargains and they would fit us very well, we may well do that. But we haven't seen any or any sign of that yet. I have looked around and I really haven't seen any businesses that I really want to buy.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Right, thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: …or that would fit. We would like Premiere eventually. But we want businesses where we will have a direct relationship with the customers.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: And so can I follow up on that, on BSkyB do you anticipate any change in your relationship with the stock near a long-term low?
Rupert Murdoch: No, it is a long term low.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question operator.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Just a few questions for Peter; could you comment on what you are seeing for calendar second quarter cancellations for the broadcasting cable networks and what you are seeing in this scatter market in calendar Q1. And I guess your views of how much of this DVD slow down is cyclical versus circular? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: First of all, what we are seeing scatter is that we are writing scatter. In the current quarter. I think we have written about $50 million of scatter at upfront pricing or better. I think a lot of that is due to ratings shortfall in the marketplace but we feel we are probably doing better than our competitors. In terms of cancellations we have extended a couple of things; right now we are probably at about 8% of total dollars canceled for the fourth quarter and we would expect that to end up at 11%. And just to put that in context, for the past several years we have run in the 7% to 8%. So, we are a little bit higher than we’ve been running the past several years. But I think honestly, we are probably feeling that it is a little better than we expected on the cancellation side. And then I would say the National Cable Networks are a mixed bag depending upon whether you are exposed to auto advertising and the mix of advertisers, but in general, I think that the National Cable Networks are running fairly similarly to the broadcast networks. In terms of the DVD marketplace, what we saw was, it was [in this year], we were actually up slightly in the first half of the year. Clearly, the marketplace was down in the second half of the year, I think down about 11%. But most importantly, the sell-through market and was down close to 15%, primarily October to December. So we’ve seen some pretty rough numbers in that period. Interestingly, we have seen the sell-through market bounce back a little bit in January. I think the numbers we are looking at for January say, see sell-through down about 9%. So better than they were in the October quarter. You know, I read with interest, Bob's comments and I clearly think it is important to keep a close eye on the business. But I think given the depths of the consumer recession that we are in the middle of, I think it is too soon to -- there is so much consumer pressure and a number of retail trips are down, the size of baskets that what people are doing here. I think it is too soon to -- while I think it’s important to be mindful and to look at our cost structure, and to look at that business closely. I think in my opinion given the depths of the consumer recession that certainly is a pretty good way to account for most of what’s going on out there right now.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spencer Wang, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Thanks, good afternoon. Rupert I guess the question is, as you look out a couple of years assuming the market stabilizes and the economy stabilizes. How do you think about the asset base of the company and your exposure to the local TV station business and newspaper business? And then just one quick housekeeping item for Dave. Through the first half of the fiscal year cash flow from operations and free cash flow were negative. It looks mostly like because of working capital. Is that just timing or is there something else, thank you?
David DeVoe: (inaudible) I will go first quickly. Probably know we generate --
Rupert Murdoch: I am extremely happy with all of our newspapers. I think that they are good newspapers they are increasing their share of market. There has never been a greater appetite for news in the community. And we will be able to capitalize on that pretty well. I have got great faith and if we continue the way we are going, we may even get lucky and not have so much competition at the end of it all. But we are in good shape in the newspapers. On the television stations we are doing everything we can. We are in a process of some major cost cutting, which will take place over the next 12 months. And the big thing about the local, there will always be room for good local stations supplying good local news. That is what the demand is for, and that is what we are expanding, and which incidentally is cheaper programming to do than buying a lot of syndicated material. But will we return to the big profits of two years ago? I don't know. But we will certainly be seeing much better profits than we’re seeing at this moment.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Rupert Murdoch: We were down about -- Dave you can correct me -- about 20% I think in revenue in the first half, certainly in this quarter that we’re looking at, and we are expecting and I think it may prove pessimistic, it may not, to be down 30% in the second half of the fiscal year and that is built into our forecast. But the big thing that really is killing us is the lack of automobile advertising. In local stations, automobile advertising was at least 30% of total revenue and there is precious little of it around at the moment. Other categories are down too, but nothing like that. So, it is a fight day-by-day there and we have had a little bit of encouragement over the last couple of weeks, but I wouldn't want to build false hopes on it.
David DeVoe: With respect to your question on the cash flow, you are correct, the timing issue as you probably remember, the vast majority of our cash flow was generated in the second half of the fiscal year and as I said before in my opening remarks, we will generate significant free cash flow in the current year.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Rupert Murdoch: Our underlying philosophy here is and I think it could be, most of you would agree with it, that on a global basis, we see in our business an increasing shift to subscription businesses; but will mass media still be a big factor? Absolutely.
Gary Ginsberg: Alright, next question Operator?
Operator: Thank you and our next question is from Alan Gould, Natixis. Please go ahead.
Alan Gould - Natixis: Yes, thank you. Dave, could you tell us -- have you taken any reserves for bankruptcies in either the TV end or the cable end as some of your competitors have. And if you think back to, I think it was the late 80s, you had a slew of TV station bankruptcies that hit all these companies. Are you concerned about that in the near future?
Dave DeVoe: Yes, we have taken reserves and I mentioned a couple of them in my remarks. I don't want to get into the details of all of this. We have taken a reserve on Tribune and some others. And I think we feel for the moment adequately reserved.
Alan Gould - Natixis: Happy with that Tribune reserve or are there reserves on the firm’s entertainment side?
Dave DeVoe: Yes, the Tribune was $10 million and the -- I think I mentioned the $22 million write-down for a customer actually in the United Kingdom as well. In the results I think we took around $50 million of provisions in reserves in the quarter.
Alan Gould - Natixis: Okay, thank you.
Peter Chernin: I think it’s important to note that Tribune is currently continuing to make payments on time to us.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Janedis, Wachovia. Please go ahead.
John Janedis - Wachovia: Hi, thank you. At the Wall Street Journal it looks like calendar ‘09 is starting off much like ’01 when your ad volume fell nearly 40% and EBITDA by a lot more. So I’m wondering, what are you hearing from the core financial and tech advertisers and where are you on the expected $100 million in savings that you talked about in the past?
Rupert Murdoch: We have made the $100 million there in the bank. And the increase in circulation revenue is, as I explained to you, it is going to be a slow process although a very strong one. I think no one has been moved up by less than about 40%; but [those aren’t true] no one less than by $40 a year, some by $100 a year depending on their status. The revenue I have got to tell you and particularly in January was bad, it always is bad. But it is very short-term. And it is very hard to get a visibility into the future there. We have the New York Times cutting rates against us. We will not cut our rates. So, we are down at the moment about 20% in advertising.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: I have a question for Mr. Murdoch and please correct me if I mischaracterize your views. I think back in the late '90s you were sort of not a believer of internet advertising. And when we came out of the last recession, which was mild and you saw less of a rebound, I think sort of a light bulb burned off, that a lot of ads were migrating to the internet. You then bought some assets. Obviously it worked well for you for a while and I was just wondering at this juncture, how you are sort of thinking about the long-term viability of the internet as a medium? Are you bullish on it, and this is all cyclical or is it not sort of panning out. You sort of have questions about the viability?
Rupert Murdoch: I think there are -- and Peter would have views on this, too. In the social networking area (inaudible) we are getting 80% or 90% of the total revenue, but not that that is a particularly relevant number. Clearly, people in the search business are onto a very good thing. The general display advertising, if it can be very specific such as it is with the Wall Street Journal, where we have a very healthy increase and I think our group, they are going to do about a $120 million this year in advertising that is fine. But overall, you have a problem in that. There is an almost infinite increase in inventory for websites and for display. So, there is constant downward pressure on the rates you can get. We have to find new ways to monetize our huge audiences.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from…
Rupert Murdoch: I think I will just add that by being more data driven is good, and will be increasingly important, and we’re doing a lot to be able to refine and learn about our customers and our viewers on the web and that is showing some very promising returns. I’m sorry, go ahead.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jolanta Masojada, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. I have a question for Dave to follow-up on the guidance that you’ve given. Can you just talk through the advertising assumptions you’re making now for full year guidance, compared with the advertising assumptions you were making in November?
Rupert Murdoch: Is this for Dave or me?
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: For Dave, or either.
David DeVoe: We are not going to go through every single segment but as Rupert mentioned, we can talk about the TV stations where we were selling in the first -- of our guidance down about 20%. We gave guidance in November, now we are assuming guidance down 32%. So it’s that type of change and I don’t want to go through every single one of our businesses.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Can you just (inaudible) the UK and Australia more broadly?
Rupert Murdoch: I would say that, just if I may say that the downturn in Australia hit very late. It is beginning to hit now and I don't know what the exact figure is but we are not yet feeling it the way we have felt it in Britain. In Britain, it’s interesting. We have in the Sunday Times a totally dominant newspaper in the quality market, with the circulation a lot greater than its combined circulation with its competitors. Yet, what could be broadly called classified, whether it is jobs or travel or whatever, we have lost out on. I would say we are getting all the business at full rates that are available. But the profit of the Sunday Times is down quite seriously. On the other hand, on the Sun, it’s in a different market, it’s a popular market and it’s holding nicely over $3 million, is a great job. There were some weeks, thanks to price wars that were there in November and December where we had all-time record advertising revenues. That is not true at the moment but it is not down seriously.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: So there it’s a mixed bag. And everywhere we are increasing our share of the market, whether it's in our local television stations in America or whether it is our newspapers in Britain.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. A question for either Rupert or Peter or both related to your station group. You're looking at the ratings across your network and on the station side. What is your view on retransmission payments starting to kick-in more significantly over the next few years? Is the model as it's set-up today appropriate for the audience delivery you are generating? Is there any scenario where you took that to the extreme and went to the FCC, gave Spectrum back and turned the network and station group over to effectively a cable network? I realize it's a little draconian, but what's your view on sort of the scenario that we are looking at here?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, I think Peter can answer better than me. We are active in the area of looking for retransmission charges. I'll say no more than that. Other people are doing that too, and we think that cable will have to contribute to these big mass programs. They are extremely important to them. They cannot drop us, particularly when we have things like the NFL franchise. We've been using them in the past. We've been giving people some retransmission rights in return for extended numbers of homes for our cable channels. So it's not that we're being unrewarded by that . We've been using this as a big asset to leverage cable distribution, the results of which you can see.
Peter Chernin: I would just both echo and add, most of our retrans deals don't come up for two to three years, but when they do come up, we would expect to be clearly partners with the cable guys. We are pretty aggressive. We are the number one network. We are generally the number one station. We've made heavy investments in the quality of our programming in sports and entertainment and in local programming on our stations. I guess we'd expect to outperform the market and what the value of retrans is, given we're the number one market and the number one station group. But most of our retrans deals are two to three years out.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: If I could sneak one follow up in. Rupert, I don't know if you have a view on the Obama administration, the new FCC, we don't know who the Chairman is but assuming it's Genachowski, how does that, if at all, affect the News Corporation in terms of tax policy or FCC views across ownership?
Rupert Murdoch: (Inaudible) to people in Washington and we look forward to working with him positively. We're not expecting any enormous changes, but we do expect a more decisive and better run FCC.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bank, RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. A couple of questions. First, could you remind us of the progression of cancellation options if you could go through the fourth quarter, first quarter and second quarter? In connection with that, can you remind us of the spread on scatter versus upfront pricing and how that spread has been trending for the fourth quarter through recently, has it changed recently, has it narrowed materially recently? And second, the Eastern European and Russian assets, can you give us an update on what's happening with those? Thanks very much.
David DeVoe: Yes. On the cancellations, as I said earlier, we expect to end up this fourth quarter at about 11% and the third quarter we were somewhere in the 7% to 8% range, although I could be off on that. And so, we're seeing an increase, but not an increase all that dramatically. As I said earlier, the last several years it's been running at 7% to 8%. So I don't have it quarter-to-quarter, but that's what it looks like. In terms of scatter, we see the scatter market was probably a little bit stronger in the fourth calendar quarter. But, overall, as I said earlier, we have written $50 million of scatter at upfront pricing and we still think it's going along pretty well.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So, no material change in the last couple of weeks?
David DeVoe: No.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
David DeVoe: I would say it's very erratic. We'll have a bad week, and then we'll have two good weeks. But that's been going on for the past four or five months. And so, we see no material trend changes.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Alexander, JB Were. Please go ahead.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: Good afternoon. I've got a quick question for either Rupert or Peter on SKY Italia. The high VAT charge came in from the 1st of January. I'm wondering whether or not you've seen an increase in June or an impact on net ads. And considering this quarter's results, do you still expect year-on-year growth in that business in US dollar terms? And then, of course, connected with that, there are reports you are in discussions with Telecom Italia about a stake in that business. I'm just wondering how any relationships there would impact SKY Italia.
Rupert Murdoch: We haven't seen much effect from that the VAT except anger by our viewers against the government. We have actually in our broadcast put in an extra $50,000 churn because of it. So far, and it's very early days, we see no evidence of that happening and we're still very confident. The year will see an increase in subscribers of 350,000.
Peter Chernin: We're confident of our growth not only in US dollars for the business, but also for the euro.
Rupert Murdoch: I didn't get a chance to answer an earlier question about Bulgaria and Russia. The answer is that Bulgaria is just fine. Russia is challenging to say the least, but certainly is still profitable. We may come back later to market with both those assets.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: Rupert, is there anything in your discussions with Telecom Italia?
Rupert Murdoch: No. I don't think there's anything further to say about Telecom Italia.
Gary Ginsberg: Operator, we'll take one last question, and then we'll go to the press.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question will come from Rich Greenfield, Pali Capital. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Just a couple of questions. One, on myNetworkTV, just given the potential at CW, it sounds like it may not survive the next year in the current environment. Just wondering how are you thinking about myNetwork, and if there is a change at myNetwork, what that would mean for the stations?
Peter Chernin: Look, I would say on the one hand we are pleased with the ratings increases. I think our ratings are up about 50%. But, clearly, the market has gotten a lot tougher and we are extremely focused on the cost basis other than to see if we can get the cost basis down. We think that the most important piece for the stations is the wrestling franchise, which we have wrapped up. So, we're looking at it pretty tightly. We feel good about the ratings performance, but it seems a very, very tough marketplace.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Just a follow-up, when you look at the advertising performance of what you're seeing at the core Fox stations, is it notably worse at myNetwork or are you seeing something similar at the current time?
Peter Chernin: I would characterize it as being worse, not notably worse.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Thanks.
Gary Ginsberg: Okay. Operator, we'll now end the investor protocol and go right into the press call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Gary Ginsberg: Are there any questions from the press?
Operator: Okay. Our first question comes from Ken Lee, Financial Times. Please go ahead.
Ken Lee - Financial Times: Hi. Peter, you stopped short of calling the declines in DVD sales a secular trend. But can you talk about how the company plans to respond to these declines? For instance, any plans to boost the pipeline of films into on-demand channels or the Internet?
Peter Chernin: First of all, I just said I think it's too early to say it's a secular decline and that we should look at it really closely. It very well may be, we just don't know yet. As a result of that, we are not sort of [chained on]. We are being aggressive, I think, about as aggressive as anybody about looking at every avenue of distribution. I think it's sort of the cornerstone of the way the company looks at things. Our view is we should be in the business of making the best possible content and distributing it as widely as possible. So we have seen pretty significant increases. I think on an industry basis we've seen the pay-per-view video on demand grow by about 25%. We've seen electronic sell-through grow in excess of 50%, and we are participating aggressively in all those areas. Obviously, as a company, we're extremely excited about and interested in Hulu, which we look at as being ultimately both a good asset for us as a company, but more importantly a way to maximize our revenues and distribution.
Ken Lee - Financial Times: Given the current environment, is this an opportunity to tweak the windowing?
Peter Chernin: I think the window certainly between theatrical and in-home steadily decreased over the past several years. I think we'd probably see that continue, but I do think, particularly, right now, we're seeing pretty good theatrical marketplace and we want to constantly be alert that we don't in any ways compromise that.
Ken Lee - Financial Times: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from [George July], Hollywood Reporter. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Gentlemen, I was wondering if you have some color on how the contract talks with Peter are going at this stage.
Rupert Murdoch: I'd just say that Peter and I are continuing our conversations and they're private, and that's all there is to it. Nothing more for me to say and we won't take any further questions on that. It's a confidential matter.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Jane Schulze, The Australian. Please go ahead.
Jane Schulze - The Australian: Hi, Mr. Murdoch. I'm just wondering from your experience in previous downturns, when do you start to get a return of confidence from the advertising sector? Where do they first tend to put their money, into which segment, like do they go to TV or newspapers? And do you think when there is a return to confidence that a lot more of the advertising share may go to the Internet at this time? Secondly, can I have some comments from you please on how you think the film Australia has fared?
Rupert Murdoch: Many a time the advertising is certainly going to rush to the Internet. Whether it goes to newspapers or television or outdoor, I think it will depend on the advertiser. We'll see it across the whole board. As far as the film Australia, it has done extremely well on a worldwide basis, disappointingly in the United States. It was a pretty expensive film, but we will not lose money on it. We will make a small profit on it. Well, Peter can answer that, but I think that's correct.
Peter Chernin: Yes, that's correct.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question, please.
Operator: And next question comes from Robert McMillan with Reuters. Please go ahead.
Robert McMillan - Reuters: Mr. Murdoch, you were saying before that you didn't think there were any companies out there so far that you could see that made a good strategic potential fit for News Corp. Lots of people like to talk about why the New York Times would or wouldn't make a good fit for News Corp and I'm curious about what you think about that fit in general?
Rupert Murdoch: I think that it's just that I've got no interest, but if you want me to comment further, I have got no desire to be an even bigger public enemy or target.
Robert McMillan - Reuters: All right. And then, the one follow-up was why is cable up and I'm wondering if that is a long-term trend. That meat of the question is pretty much for anybody on the call right now. What's going on with the consumer that they keep signing up? It seems like it's really kind of going in the right direction at a time when other consumer trends are going in the wrong one?
Rupert Murdoch: People are spending more time at home. They're watching more television and they are enjoying wonderful choice. So you naturally get the audience fragmented somewhat, which is [hurting] over the air. But there is no question that good entertaining programs can be monetized very successfully.
Robert McMillan - Reuters: All right. Thank you very much.
Rupert Murdoch: That all right, Peter.
Peter Chernin: No, I completely agree. I think that as people cut back on other options they're spending more time at home and they need the entertainment and information and sports that comes through cable. I think it's showing resiliency not only in the US, but around the world on our SKY platforms and some of our international cable assets.
Gary Ginsberg: We'll take our one more question please.
Operator: And that question comes from David Jefferies with Kyodo News. Please go ahead.
David Jefferies - Kyodo News: Hello. This question is for Mr. Murdoch. I was wondering similar to the New York Times a lot of Japanese newspapers are currently struggling with respect to individual subscribers and the influence of advertising, and I was wondering what you foresaw for the media industry as kind of a global entity and where you saw it going particularly once this recession…
Rupert Murdoch: I think it's fine. I think it's just a matter of the state of the economy and dependence. Different newspapers have differing dependence on advertising. Those that are most dependent on are particularly classified advertising are getting hurt the most, but it's a cyclical matter.
David Jefferies - Kyodo News: Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you very much everybody. This will conclude our call. If you have any additional questions or other analyst perspective or press perspective, please call us in New York. We'll be happy to answer any more of your questions. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 6:30 PM today through Midnight February, 15. You may access the AT&T Teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 983571. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, access code 983571. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-11-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - EVP Rupert Murdoch - Chairman and CEO Peter Chernin - President and COO Dave DeVoe - CFO
Analysts: Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs Michael Morris - UBS Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Adam Alexander - JBWere Imran Khan - JPMorgan Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder James Quinn - The Daily Telegraph Ria McLennan - AAP Ken Lee - Financial Times George Silino - The Hollywood Reporter Dave Hayes - Variety Shira Obaid - Wall Street Journal Robert McMillan - Reuters
Operator: Welcome to the News Corp. first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. At this time, all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. And with that, I'd now like to introduce your opening speaker for today Executive Vice President, Gary Ginsberg. Please go ahead, sir.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you, operator, and welcome to our fiscal first quarter 2009 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and CEO of News; Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. As is our custom, Dave will begin the call with the summary of the results, followed by some general commentary from Rupert. And given the lateness of the hour and the fact that so many of us were up late last night, we will then go straight to your questions. This call is, of course, governed by the Safe Harbor provisions. On this call, we will make statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in News' public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements. Finally, please note that certain financial measures we will use in this call, such as EPS and net income, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and adjusted to exclude certain items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation will be posted on our website on our Investor Relations earnings release page. With all that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave DeVoe: Gary, thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As you have seen in today's earnings release, News Corporation reported mixed year-over-year comparisons for the quarter ended September 30. Some businesses, particularly SKY Italia and our Cable Networks, showed continued underlying growth. As expected, our film segment declined from its near record of prior year performance while our other divisions, principally our advertising sensitive businesses, were affected by the economic slowdown and reported lower contributions in a year ago. As a result, operating income for this first fiscal quarter declined 9% to $953 million from last year's record first quarter of $1.05 billion. At our associated entities, we reported equity losses of $359 million in this quarter, compared to $246 million in income a year ago. This variance is primarily attributable to the inclusion of $447 million in losses from Premiere, principally representing a write-down of our investments, as well as the absence of equity earnings from DIRECTV and from Gemstar, both of which were disposed off in the latter half of fiscal 2008. Our other income line reflects the gain on the sale of eight television stations and an unrealized gain for mark-to-market adjustments on our BUCS liability. The company reported net income for the quarter of $515 million, as compared to $732 million in last year's first quarter. The absence of $131 million results from property sold, including DIRECTV, Gemstar and eight television stations contributed to this decline. Earning per share for the quarter was $0.20, a $0.03 decrease from last year's reported earnings per share of $0.23. Given you should now have a copy of our earnings release, I would not review all of business segments; however, I would like to provide context on the performance of a few of our businesses. At our film segment, operating income declined as expected from the near record first quarter a year ago. The segment reported $251 million in operating income, decline of $111 million from last year's result, which included theatrical releases of the Simpson Movie and Live Free or Die Hard. This year, our new releases including Meet Dave, X-Files, I Want to Believe, and The Rocker did not match the results of those prior year's releases. Since the end of the quarter we released two titles, Max Payne and The Secret Life of Bees, which are both performing well. At our television stations, operating income in the quarter of $54 million, declined by $129 million just compared to the first quarter year ago. This result reflects the impact of lower station advertising revenues [and charges] STAR approximately $30 million related to the termination of a channel distribution agreement and the absence of earnings from the sale of eight stations in July. These eight stations accounted for revenue and earnings declines of $63 million and $17 million respectively. Revenues at remaining stations declined 17% and operating income decreased 44% in the quarter. This result reflects the current week local television advertising markets and, in particular, the automotive, telecom and movie categories. At the Fox Broadcasting Network profits were in line with year ago results, as lower programming cost offset the absence of results from the Emmy Awards which were broadcasted year ago on Fox. Now, moving to the Cable Networks where we continued to show very strong growth and operating income contributions were up 31% above last year. This is an increase to affiliate and advertising revenues. The largest year-over-year gains in the quarter were from the RSNs. This reflects higher affiliate rates from the Fox News Channel due to higher rates and additional subscribers and advertising revenue increases. Our International Channels performed well, increasing from both advertising and affiliate increases, led by our Latin American and European channels. And finally, greater reduce losses at the Big Ten Network reflecting their new distribution agreement all contributed to this very strong result. Moving to SKY Italia, who also posted an extremely strong result, with operating profit of $165 million, a $117 million increase from the first quarter year ago. Roughly $70 million or 60% of this increase relates to the timing of revenue recognition associated with our premium soccer packages. In prior years, this would have been recognized over the remaining three quarters of our fiscal year, since we did not broadcast programming on these tiers in July and August; however, this year as we expanded our programming on these tiers to run throughout the year. As a result, we now recognize the revenue from these tiers evenly over the year. Consistent with this programming initiative, ARPU in the quarter averaged €43 compared to last year's reported €39. Other metrics were more in line with year ago results. SKY added 38,000 net new subscribers in the quarter as compared to 45,000 in a year ago quarter. SKY now has over 4.6 million subscribers. Churn was below year ago levels and is on track to achieve an annual churn rate of around 10% and SAC in the quarter was little under $300, which was slightly above year ago levels, reflecting increased marketing to support a price increase in the quarter. In the Newspaper and Information Service segment, operating income in this quarter was $134 million versus $93 million in the year ago period. It's important to recall, however, that last year's first quarter included approximately $100 million in charges related to higher accelerated depreciation and related cost in connection with our UK printing initiative. So excluding these items, operating income declined approximately $60 million which was principally the result of advertising revenue declines. In United Kingdom, advertising revenues were down nearly 10% from declines in display and classified advertising principally at a quality titles. In Australia, display advertising was about even with the prior year level. However, classified advertising revenues declined 7%. This is principally the result of reduced employment advertising. Also in the quarter, Dow Jones financial results have been included with ours since the completion of the acquisition in December 2007. So the prior year reported figures do not include comparative amounts. And as a result, our revenues benefited in the first quarter of fiscal 2009 by nearly $500 million. The impact of Dow Jones on operating income was not significant in the quarter, as profits from operations were offset by purchased accounting expenses. Shifting to our Book Publishing segment, first quarter operating income contributions were down $33 million compared to last year due to lower sales at our General Books Group, higher return provisions and reduced third-party distribution income. Last year's results included strong sales from The Dangerous Book for Boys and distribution profits from the release of Harry Potter. And our Other segment reported a first quarter operating loss of $101 million, $58 million higher than a year ago. This higher loss is primarily due to lower contributions from NDS as well as higher losses at our developing Eastern European television businesses. At Fox Interactive Media, revenue in the quarter of $220 million, were up 17% compared to a year ago as a result of higher search and advertising revenue. Operating income contributions were similar to a year ago levels, as the revenue gains were offset by planned increases in operating and production costs associated with MySpace's domestic and international expansion and the additions of new features. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2009. As a reminder, you will recall that we measure this guidance, excluding from fiscal 2008 results, the $253 million of operating profit contribution from businesses or assets sold in fiscal 2008, which are no longer included in our ongoing results, namely the eight TV stations, the RSNs, Liberty and the UK land sale. So as we look at measuring comparisons of fiscal 2009, we are comparing it to a base of $5.13 billion in operating profit for fiscal 2008. In early August, we indicated that we are anticipating our operating income growth rate for fiscal 2009 to be in the 4% to 6% range, above the $5.1 billion fiscal 2008 adjusted results. Since that time, we have seen a marked deterioration in confidence and in economy conditions related to the current global financial crisis. The direct impact of this to us has been that the advertising environment for the local broadcast television has weakened and similarly so have newspaper, advertising trends in all of the territories in which we operate. Additionally, the US dollar strengthened by nearly 20% against the euro and the sterling and over 25% against the Australian dollar, reducing translated US dollar contributions from our principal international operations. As a result, taking all of these factors into account, and considering that we have only limited visibility into calendar '09 advertising and currency trends, we are reducing our fiscal 2009 operating income outlook to now be down on a percentage basis in the low-to-mid teens from the $5.13 billion fiscal 2008 results. Looking at the change in our outlook from August to to-date, roughly one-third of the change in this outlook is due to the strength in the US dollar, a further 40% of the change is from the challenging advertising markets in our US television and international newspaper businesses, and the remainder reflects our view on business trends and the rest of our business operations. Again we want to stress that in developing our outlook, we have only limited visibility into trading conditions in the second half of our fiscal year, as a result our outlook assumes that exchange rates and advertising trends remain where they are today. While we are continuing to run our businesses on a lean cost base, we are also intensely focused on cost reductions to respond to these revenue challenges. And with that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Rupert for additional some comments.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. The revised guidance Dave just gave is a clear reflection of the current economic downturn which we believe will persist throughout fiscal 2009, compared to extremely challenging media sector. I want to stress that we this is covering next year where most of the media companies have been given guidance for last three months and this year. But having weathered many down cycles in the past and emerged even stronger, we are prepared ourselves well for this cycle. We have consistently maintained a strong balance sheet and the strategic array of businesses. As a result, we are well positioned possibly to face what may well turn into a prolonged economic slump. We've instituted a stringent cost cutting measures across all our businesses to operate even more efficiently. We're managing down our already lean headcount wherever appropriate. We have given our strong cash position. We are also not going to stop our businesses. And where appropriate, we'll continue to invest in those businesses and opportunities that represent our next generation of growth. We intend to come through this with strengthen and more profitable franchises in all our businesses. We have confidence that the strategy which has profit us and profited us so consistently this decade will continue to be the right course even in these difficult days, maintaining diversified assets at different stages of growth and keeping a strongly yet flexible balance sheet. As Dave just mentioned, our businesses across the board have been challenged right now by weakening end markets and our group wide result is further being impacted by progressively weakened foreign currencies when translating these results to US dollars but there are bright spots to balance that picture. Our cable group continues to perform extremely well, with Fox News continuing to dominate the US cable news market. Fox International Channels are generating some of the highest margin in the international cable industry and the Big Ten Network is poised to break into profit in the second year of operation. Sky Italia continues to be a tough performer with more than 4.6 million subscribers and our Internet revenues continue to grow very well. On film division admittedly got off to a slow start, but we have a very strong holiday slate with Australia, to DeVoe, [Sustu] Molly and me. In the spring we have two highly anticipated sequels that should do strong business. "Night At The Museum 2," and "X-Men Origins: Wolverine". An American Idol and [Tony Borkum] rolling back in January to FOX Broadcasting. Finally, we remain convinced in the promise with the breadth of Down Jones businesses to give us an international platform to deliver specialized financial information that the world's burgeoning middle and investor classes are demanding. Indeed the Wall Street Journal is the only newspaper in America to increase this fully paged circulations year-over-year. We also remain convinced that our balance sheet with approximately $5.5 billion in cash and average debt maturity of more than 22 years will give us much needed stability. There is little doubt that our businesses will continue to face tough challenges in the coming year. And we remain confident that our strategy will help us we weather the economic storm ahead. Thank you very much. And now, Dave, Peter and I will be happy to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The executive team will take questions first from members of the financial community, then immediately move to members of the press. Our first question, Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Yes. I have a question for Rupert. News Corps constantly evolved and you've entered new businesses such as Cable Networks that you didn't have a decade plus ago, and you have exited businesses where you felt less comfortable like DIRECTV in the US. When you look at your asset mix now, are you happy with the overall asset mix? What would you like to add? What would you like to trim? You've obviously been involved with something like Premiere. Is that something for expansion? Also, how do you think about businesses that you should be exiting given where secular trends are now? Then a question that keeps popping up, it's related to this is, would you ever consider breaking apart any of your businesses structurally versus keeping them altogether? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: No, we wouldn't consider breaking up. We have a very, very good mix and I don't see what we would trim. However, in terms of going forward, I would like to see a much better emphasis on subscriber-based businesses. We are seeing in our cable channels the great benefits of the twin revenues coming from both subscribers and from advertisers. So, we will be looking to start new channels where there are opportunities and we certainly see that in the big scale internationally.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: And where does Premiere fit into that?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, Premiere, it is developing. At the moment, the management is developing a clear plan for business. At the appropriate time, and once that strategy is developed, we will determine our position in detail. In the meantime, we just continue to follow the situation closely.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: But you would consider at the right price or right time buying more of this company, the extended distribution like you deal with SKY Italia?
Rupert Murdoch: We are not at any stage to make a statement like that at the moment.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have a question about the Cable Networks. Specifically, can you give us a sense of where Fox business channel is relative to expectations and what kind of losses we should expect? And can you comment on the increasing competition in India and how you feel your relative position is down?
Rupert Murdoch: No, I don't think we break up the profits of the different channels, do we, Dave?
Dave DeVoe: No.
Rupert Murdoch: We can talk pretty honestly about it. Our position is yes, it will probably cost us best part of $60 million to $70 million this year. We are fighting very hard for greater distribution. We are achieving it slowly. And when we get over 50 million subscribers, we will turn on a lot more heat, we will turn better programs and we think we will be much more aggressive in getting advertising. But I think that's another year to two years away.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And India?
Rupert Murdoch: India is just fine. Again, we have to break down the figures. But I can tell you this that we are, Star Plus advertising is running 20% ahead of last year, in advertising.
Operator: Our next is from the line of Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. My question is for Rupert or Peter. When you look at what is happening to the stations right now in terms of fast following local TV. I wondered if anything you could do structurally, your stations to improve profitability, would you add more national programming hours in late night or morning? So is there anything you are doing or thinking about to maybe turn.
Rupert Murdoch: No, we don't think that will be right. We, of course, have many syndicated programs which are national, some we make ourselves and some we buy. But our strength, I think, is to keep developing more local news and that separates us very much from the hundreds of cable networks that are out there. So we saw the benefit of that in this political season where I think the industry had an increase of about 20% in political advertising and our stations had 100% increase.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: What I was thinking about, we are looking at the two buckets of money, national TV or local TV. National is more resilient and I wondered would that makes sense as well?
Rupert Murdoch: No, that's not proving true. We are down in all categories, and so are all our opponents. We believe in spite of our bad figures here that we have increased our share of market to different markets plus by different amounts. And we are doing as well as we can. Can we do things like merging more back-office functions and things like that? Yes, slowly we can. But I don't think you are going to see huge amounts of money there. If you look at, for instance, the automotive business, the automotive advertising has represented I think between 30% and 40% of all business in the local stations, and that is down by 40%. In some cases, like General Motor is down by more than 50%. So, it is going to take time for that to come back or to come back from other sources or to be replaced. But it is down also in financial advertising with a [traffic concentrate] on specific markets. It is down even in movie advertising at the moment. So it is a pretty grim picture for all local television stations across the country, whether it is ours or other people. But we are fighting it very hard every moment of the day.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. I guess with the limited visibility right now, maybe we'll look out a bit longer-term, Rupert. I believe you said recently, that you would like to see Dow Jones over time get to about $1 billion of operating income and certainly that would prove the value of that deal, given they have just put up about breakeven this quarter. Can you give us the levers that you think will bridge that gap over the years following on?
Rupert Murdoch: The breakeven was because of the purchase accounting, but it was certainly down on past year. It is going to take time. As I have said, we are moving up the subscription rates. We are moving them up every year for the next three years. But the fact is people take subscriptions out for a year. So you only get 1/12th of your subscribers up every month. So, it takes time to work us way through. The advertising is not down a lot, but it is certainly a bit below what we budgeted. Today and tomorrow I think we are right on budget, but financial advertising, we know what's going on in the financial world and they are going to cut back.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: What I'm asking you is….
Rupert Murdoch: I'd just say the big profit measure which is going to be the website is the one website that people charge for, people are very happy to pay for. We are getting it. I better be careful what I say and much sure the exactly figure, probably a $100 million in subscriptions there. And that certainly is over $100 million in advertising on that one website. Then, of course, that's really only half the business, the paper and the website. The other half is the special news services, the indexes and various and very specialized financial services which we keep developing because of state of the financial industry in this country, we are putting even more emphasis than normal on international expansion.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: One last platform that we really see a big hope for in Asia certainly is mobile, putting our website on mobile. So there's a lot of work ahead of us there.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Right.
Rupert Murdoch: But we also see a lot of opportunity. It has never been more important for companies and people to have up-to-date and first class financial information.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks. I want to ask one question on the guidance and then on the film segment. One point of clarification on the guidance, are you assuming credit currency trends to worsen from here using sort of current spot rates in your low-to-mid teens guidance? Then one business that has actually held up pretty well over the last couple of years and been a nice source of growth is syndication on the television studio, domestic, but also in particular, international. A couple of your peers have talked about some deal slipping in this fall until next year or further out. Can you comment on that business of the FOX Television Studio and whether that needs to hold up pretty well, both in terms of domestic syndication on off-net and first-run, and also what's happening internationally? Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, on the guidance, with respect to the currency, we're assuming spot rates that exist today, which has affected guidance, changing guidance by about a third.
Peter Chernin: This is Peter. But I would say, in terms of the syndication market we're actually seeing that hold up quite well. Our international pricing is still quiet robust. We're not seeing any signs of softness. And we have a couple of big international franchises in "24", in "The Simpsons" and "Prison Break", and all those are holding up very well. On a domestic syndication front, we have just or we have largely completed the syndication of "How I Met Your Mother", which will go out in syndication next September and that's probably exceeded our expectations. It looks like we're going to do somewhere in excess of $2.5 million an episode between broadcasting, cable and border domestically. We're about to go out in syndication with "My Name Is Earl" in the next month or so. So, so far, I think the syndication world seems to be a world of haves and haves not. If you have strong products, there is quite a bit of demand for it, especially on the cable's front. Some of the weaker product may be getting hurt a little more.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jolanta Masojada with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. I wondered if you could clarify the losses from Eastern European TV in the quarter and what your expectations are for ongoing investments in subsequent quarters. Can you clarify what were the tax benefits on the one-time items in the quarter?
Rupert Murdoch: We have sold our station in Poland, not finding that a satisfactory area to be, and we are continuing to do extremely well on Bulgaria.
Dave DeVoe: Yes. I think Masojada was asking the results of roughly about $31 million loss in the current quarter versus around $15 million loss a year ago. It is probably worse than a year ago. And I think you are asking effectively with respect to the sale of the TV stations, we are able to capital losses to offset that gain. So the way to look at our effective tax rate, our tax rate is significant below a year ago. That's the second question if you want to.
Operator: Thank you. Our next is from the line of Mark Wienkes with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you. Could you talk to the market for sports rights visa-a-visa the recent deal for the Olympics at SKY Italia and then the ongoing BCS talks?
Peter Chernin: Well, I would say the market for sports rights still continues to be quite robust. I think you are going to see, given the success that NBC had with the Olympics, fairly aggressive Olympic bidding for the next two Olympics. In terms of the BCS, we are absolutely right in the middle of that negotiation right now and don't have much to say about it other than we like the events and we are prepared to pay appropriate price. And if the price goes above that, we won't go that far. But I think, in general, the marketplace for sports rights seems to be pretty robust. And frankly, the performance of sports, certainly our sports performance both on the cable side and the broadcast side is holding up quite well.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Michael Morris with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Morris - UBS: Thank you. Going back to the TV stations briefly. It seems that local advertising and large markets is significantly underperforming small markets. Given that you just rotated out of those small markets, can you talk about whether or not this seems to be true and what you think could be driving that? And then secondly, you mentioned in the past that the stations serve as the backbone of the network. Can you talk about that a little bit more? What's the risk to owning the Fox Network and not having any stations? Thank you.
Peter Chernin: Well, I think I will go first and then Rupert do you want to jump in? I would say right now we are seeing somewhat, a little bit greater softness in the large markets. But there is also certain amount of geographic softness. There seems to be more softness up and down the East Coast and Texas and the West Coast which coincides with the large markets and some of the smaller markets are in the Midwest which actually seems to be going a little bit stronger. So that may have something to do with. I think the real estate market maybe a little bit worse particularly in some of the suburbs of the large markets and that seems to affect us. I do think we are at the right number of stations strategically and certainly as we look at managing our television business, we look at it fairly holistically and we look at it sort of combination of broadcast networks of stations, our studio and to some degree even some of the cable channels where we take advantages of our ability to create new programming. And I think you want to have big strong affiliates, particularly in those big markets in order to maximize the sort of whole strength of the company as the television business. So at least in my opinion, I don't think we should be decreasing the amount of stations we own or certainly not owning just the network and no television stations.
Michael Morris - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good afternoon I just want to return to the changing guidance. I believe, Dave, you said that about a quarter of the change is related to other business trends you're seeing. I was wondering if you could clarify is that maybe a slowdown on TV sales or is that greater investment spending in other parts?
Dave DeVoe: I mean Peter may want to jump in as well. I mean, partly it's slightly lower, it's lower earnings at the film company. It's the loss that we haven't discussed this, but basically lower performance on the world series of the network and just the general affect on the other businesses due to the economic conditions that exist in the world today. The World Series at the network, sorry.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: If I could follow up with one question. I know you said FOX Interactive revenues grew 17%. Could you give us the breakdown of the growth in search versus display? Thank you.
Dave DeVoe: Yeah, display is up 16% and search is down slightly.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Up 10%?
Dave DeVoe: Up 10%.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Dave DeVoe: Okay. Advertising is up 16% and search is up 10%.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Two questions on the $304 million of other net on the income: can you elaborate on that? Then on the equity losses of affiliates, I think you said it is $447 million losses related to Premiere. Is that principally the write-down, should we view that as a one-time?
Dave DeVoe: Yes, it's roughly $420 million and that is the write-down of our investments in Premiere. The other is the gain including the other is the gain on the sale of stations and the mark-to-market adjustment of the company's convertible securities, BUCS securities that we have outstanding.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next is Adam Alexander with Jb Were. Please go ahead.
Adam Alexander - Jb Were: Peter, this one is for you on Fox Interactive Media, I think you made some comments during the quarter that it was running ahead of expectations. I'm just wondering whether this still the case and the target of the 30% revenue growth in this division, how that sort of tracking today?
Peter Chernin: I think we were quite pleased with our performance in the quarter and we made a lot of progress in some of the revenue generating areas, a lot of progress in adding new features etcetera. And so overall, I think we were feeling a little ahead of expectations. We started off this quarter also feeling good. We are beginning to be honest to see some softening at the end of this calendar year and looking into the first couple of quarters, the beginning next year. I still believe that we're doing slightly better than the marketplace. But it's clear from everybody else that there is a lot of softening in the display advertising marketplace and we are beginning to feel some of that. So I think still from our own sort of anecdotal appraisal of the business, we are pleased with the progress they are making. We think a lot of areas, the launch of MySpace Music, the launching of SelfServe Ads, the increase in the quality and number of advertisers etcetera. We are pleased with their progress, but we are just beginning sort of December and then moving into January to begin to see some of the softness in the marketplace catch up to us.
Adam Alexander - Jb Were: Okay. Do you think the developments been, they will slow down for the remaining three quarters or you take most of that in the first quarter?
Peter Chernin: I think look we are certainly monitoring our costs very closely. Our costs went up almost exactly the same levels our revenues this first quarter which was about what we felt comfortable with, and to the degree that our revenues slow down we will certainly slow down our spending to keep track of it. We are trying to find the right balance between continuing to progressively grow the revenues of the business and what we continue to believe is a growth business and one there was so much international investment going on, there was so much new future investment going on. And we want to make sure that we keep doing that. We still believe this is a growth category and we should be participating aggressively. But to the degree that we see our revenue slowdown, we have a pretty good handle, we think we have a pretty on costs right now. And we'll ratchet them down accordingly.
Adam Alexander - Jb Were: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Imran Khan with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Imran Khan - JPMorgan: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two. One regarding newspaper where an operating profit was down $60 million adjusted for the accelerated depreciation. Could you talk about what kind of cost cutting initiatives you can take so that we can minimize some of this decline? And secondly, in terms of the Fox Cable Networks affiliate renegotiations, how confident that you can get the similar deal that you got in the past for the upcoming deals for Fox News? Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: We are confident about the Fox News. People are lining up, as the contracts come due, they will pay that price and because it has a very passion following. As for the savings in the Wall Street Journal, there are many things, they increment a lot of them. Prints as we print now in 17 different locations and plants which we own at the Wall Street Journal. Our plan over the next year maybe 15 months would be to close 10 of those and outsource that printing to other newspapers, both the printing and the delivery. Each place will average at least 3 million annual savings. So it's going on and we're planning the merging of the back-offices of purchase in the Wall Street Journal. Wherever we can find to sit, these are fit all individually reasonably small amounts of money that they add up to a lot.
Imran Khan - JPMorgan: Did you want to tell, what you were doing in Australia, in the United Kingdom as well?
Rupert Murdoch: In Australia and the United Kingdom. Yes, we've had big economy drives, which are, but we did it before we believe it started. But we did it all over again now, and you'll see even leaner operations at both those places. I am not prepared to say how many people, I know, but I don't want the headlines about it across the board cuts.
Imran Khan - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Thanks for taking my questions. Questions for Rupert. Rupert, to your credit, you actually predicted a lot of deterioration in the environment that we've seen over the summer. And I remember a lot of analysts and shareholders were at the time clamoring for a big buyback. The question is, other of your peers are now facing margin calls, but you are kind of the guy with the cash. You could either commit to the return of capital to shareholders here at a much cheaper valuation or you could certainly acquire from distressed media assets out there at steep discounts. So the question is, do you think that at this time fast forward a couple of quarters from your comments over the summer and media evaluations have bottomed enough to warrant doing either of those things? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: No, I think that we don't want to do anything until we can see that there is a great deal, more visibility in the market. I believe that probably there will be some great bargains coming at lower prices than they are today, but we don't have anything firmly inside or in mind there, but we'll be ready for as the right things comes. But we are not going to buy that or do anything like that until we can see, until things settle down and we can see forward a long way further.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Thank you, Rupert. And second for Peter, if you could just elaborate for us on DVD trends that you're seeing heading into the holiday period? Thank you.
Peter Chernin: Yes. I would say we are actually in just the last three or four weeks beginning to see quite a bit of softening in the DVD business, quite honestly more among other studios titles. We track pretty closely everybody else's titles. And some of the titles that have come out in the last three or four weeks have in our opinion underperformed what we expected of them. So we are actually a little bit cautious about the DVD business going forward. Our guidance assumes a certain amount of caution. We haven't had a big release in the past five or six weeks. So it hasn't really impacted us, yet. And we certainly have enormous confidence in our retailer relationships, our category management of Wal-Mart etcetera. So we have some confidence we can outperform the market, but there are cautionary signs coming out of the DVD market in the last three or four weeks.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much. Thanks so much for the color on the TV business. I think you've given us a really sense of how challenging it is on the local side. Could you give us a little bit more color in terms of the network side and have you seen any material levels of cancellations for the first quarter coming in? Is there any real change to the tone of the scatter market?
Rupert Murdoch: Peter would like to answer, but I have just surprised them to sales director a few minutes ago. We are having in cancellations of the upfront at worst average, and as I said it's about 3%. We are still selling in spite of what about posted this money. We're still selling scatter advertising at rates at least as good as the upfront. So we're in surprisingly good shape on the network.
Peter Chernin: Yeah. I would echo that. I think the network business is looking fine here. We are obviously cautious, but we were probably to be honest expecting worse, the cancellations for the first quarter really come in this past week. And we're expecting something more serious than we got which we haven't gotten. So we're feeling good that. The being said, we are cautious. There is not a lot of visibility into the second calendar quarter you had and we're going to be cautious about that. And scatter is okay. We are selling some scatter and we're selling it largely at upfront pricing a little better than that. I think the other thing, it's important to point out is one of our benefits on the national front is most of our auto advertising has enormous sort of promotional integration. Our biggest single auto advertiser in the second half of the year is Ford. They are heavily integrated into American Idol. And I think the big advertisers tend to look at that integration as being sort of bonus or added value, and make that advertising some of the last stuff they will cut. So far we look at the national business as pretty good. And just to add on to that, the national cable business is also quite good right now. I think benefiting from some of the weakness in the broadcasting business. But the same national trends are going there. We are through most of our cancellations, which look to be on the low end of normal, and we are seeing decent, not great but decent scatter.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much.
Rupert Murdoch: I'll just add to that. I understand that our audience took part in this season, while not great is as good as last year while our competitors have fallen quite a lot. Is that right, Peter?
Peter Chernin: Well I agree, I wouldn't say it’s as good as last year. Given that our ratings are down, I think about 10% so far for the season. But they are down less. They are pretty much equal to be as down less than the other guys. I think the most important thing is that the gap between us and the number one network the last I saw was a one-tenth of a rating point. And I think at this point last year, we were about three-tenth of a rating point. And so we’re pretty confident, as we get "24" and "American Idol" back on, we got some other shows live, we’re quiet excited about. We are pretty confident that we’re going to be the number one network again and be the number one network by a pretty significant margin.
Gary Ginsberg: Operator this would be our last question please.
Operator: Thank you. The last question then will come from the line of Alan Gould with Natexis Bleichroeder. Please go ahead.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you. Rupert, based on what you’ve heard through the campaign season, I was wondering what political changes you think would occur under an Obama administration that would affect News Corp. media concentration being one of the obvious ones?
Rupert Murdoch: I don't think there is going to be any effort of breaking up existing media companies at all. I would imagine under any Democratic Attorney General's department, Justice Department that mergers will get a much less friendly reception.
Gary Ginsberg: Operator, we will go to the press calls please.
Operator: Pretty good. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now take questions from the press. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question from James Quinn with The Daily Telegraph. Please go ahead.
James Quinn - The Daily Telegraph: Thanks. Rupert, you touched earlier on the UK and Australia and further cuts. Could you talk a little bit more about the advertising downturn in the UK?
Rupert Murdoch: The advertising where, in the UK?
James Quinn - The Daily Telegraph: Yes.
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, it's strange. In our popular papers the Sun and News of the World. Certainly, until this week there has been very little movement. I think the News of the World has held us, it's been fully and Sun might be down 3%. In the losses in the last loss of business in the last few weeks, not enough for this whole period, but in the last few weeks in the Sunday Times and the Times has been a lot more considerable.
James Quinn - The Daily Telegraph: And can you see that continuing?
Rupert Murdoch: What's that?
James Quinn - The Daily Telegraph: Can you see that continuing?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes. Well, we don't see any change from it. We hope that we can turn it around.
James Quinn - The Daily Telegraph: Yeah. Okay, thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: It's led by the minor advertising and by the classifieds.
James Quinn - The Daily Telegraph: Yes.
Rupert Murdoch: As the same in Australia. I don't think we are down at all particularly in display advertising or retail advertising, but we are suffering there in particularly job advertising, mainly in the small local newspapers. But it is not a big part of our business compared to our competitors.
James Quinn - The Daily Telegraph: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ria McLennan with AAP.
Rupert Murdoch: The problem with Australia is that we are down 6% in business and 27% in currency. Sorry.
Gary Ginsberg: I am sorry, next question.
Ria McLennan - AAP : Hi, Can you hear me? Yes.
Gary Ginsberg: Yes, go ahead.
Ria McLennan - AAP : I am a bit confused about the guidance. So I was wondering if you could clarify. It’s a downgrading guidance from 4 to 6 to sorry I missed that part, if you could repeat that. Thanks.
Peter Chernin: Regarding from low to mid teens down from a year ago.
Ria McLennan - AAP : Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question…
Peter Chernin: Excuse me, it's actually low to mid teens from an adjusted year ago operating earnings of $5.128 billion to be specific.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst : Yes. Thank you. I have two questions concerning the German pay-TV operator Permira. First one is, how do you estimate the developments of the number of subscribers of Permira within the next 12 months. And the other is what kind of conduct or services do you want to ask to Permira to be successful at or what kind of conducive services should be enlarged? Thank you.
Peter Chernin: That’s a question for Permira and not for News Corp. So we’ll go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Lee with Financial Times. Please go ahead.
Ken Lee : Given the current market conditions, I wanted to follow-up on a thin question earlier up. Can you give us some more realistic growth rate for same revenues in fiscal 09?
 Financial Times: Given the current market conditions, I wanted to follow-up on a thin question earlier up. Can you give us some more realistic growth rate for same revenues in fiscal 09?
Peter Chernin: You know, I don't think we are prepared to give out or predict a growth rate. We get out the first quarter stuff, and as I said, we think we’re in a world where we are pleased with how our performance is relative to market, but we also see the market beginning to soften. So I don't think we want to predict exactly where it’s going to end up.
Ken Lee : Okay. Thank you.
 Financial Times: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from George Zili, Hollywood Reporter. Please go ahead.
George Silino : Thank you. Rupert talked a little bit about how he expects Democrats to be little tough on mergers. I was wondering if you have any issues in the industry that you would like the administration to address right now?
 The Hollywood Reporter: Thank you. Rupert talked a little bit about how he expects Democrats to be little tough on mergers. I was wondering if you have any issues in the industry that you would like the administration to address right now?
Peter Chernin: We don't currently have any issues before just start to anticipate any going forward.
George Silino : Thank you.
 The Hollywood Reporter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Hayes with Variety. Please go ahead.
Dave Hayes - Variety: Hi, just curious about the film studio and whether you are looking at any operating changes just consistent with some of the other moves we’ve seen from other companies who have gone to fewer releases, and basically kind of trimmed back a bit. I mean you are projected to have 20 releases in calendar ‘08. Rupert, you mentioned the sequel is coming up, obviously
Rupert Murdoch: We've trimmed back before, I know people who did, and we are very happy with the schedule we have. It was unfortunate the timing which is affecting us and that we didn't have anything big this summer. We know we got a very big list of strong release next summer. Their profits and probably even including Memorial Day picture the main profits will be falling into the next fiscal year.
Peter Chernin: I would add to that. I think we feel good about the current structure, we feel good about the number of movies we are making, we clearly feel good about the management. And I think, probably the thing we are most optimistic about is to see the number of movies by the industry begin to decline, not only from the studios, but even more importantly from some of, I think we are beginning to see a tightening of the independent money coming in to town, and we think that will be the best that could happen to the movie business we think.
Rupert Murdoch: A little while ago we were getting hedge funds affecting the movies. And that’s obviously going to dry up. But the trouble is there are still quite a lot of movies out there that have been, waiting to be made waiting to release. So we are not going to see the release number of movies going into the market for a few months. I think that what's in the work and then the works at the moment. But I think this time next year and beyond that we are going to see quite considerably a smaller number of movies which would be good. And they will come from the main (inaudible) and we should get a bigger share of the box office.
Dave Hayes - Variety: Okay. Thanks.
Gary Ginsberg: And the next question?
Operator: Our next from is from Shira Obaid with Wall Street Journal. Please go ahead.
Shira Obaid - Wall Street Journal: Hi, thanks. Can you update us on the status of deal conversations with Yahoo! or Microsoft or other internet players?
Rupert Murdoch: We have no conversations that I am aware of. Have we Peter?
Peter Chernin: We have no conversations going on.
Shira Obaid - Wall Street Journal: Just one more for Peter. I believe your employment agreement expires next summer. Have you started to work on a new contract?
Peter Chernin: We are having conversations.
Shira Obaid - Wall Street Journal: Would you characterize those as sort of preliminary or…
Peter Chernin: I wouldn't characterize them at all. I just characterized them as you know we’re having good constructive conversations, which is…
Rupert Murdoch: I would characterize them as constructive and friendly.
Shira Obaid - Wall Street Journal: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert McMillan with [Reuters].
Robert McMillan - Reuters: I just wanted to shift attention to Europe for a moment. I was curious about how threatened News Corp. might be regarding a bid from ESPN and Disney, for the live Pay-TV broadcast rights to Germany’s top soccer games. I heard that Disney and ESPN were going to be bidding for those rights.
Peter Chernin: That too is a question for Permira. And so we’re not going to answer it, I’m sorry. Taking up next question, actually we have follow-up.
Robert McMillan - Reuters: Nothing, thanks.
Peter Chernin: Thanks, we’ll go to next question.
Operator: I think at this time we have no further questions in the queue.
Peter Chernin: Great. Okay, thank you very much everybody, have a good night.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen today’s conference call is being made available for replay starting today at 6:30 pm in the Eastern Time zone and running through Saturday November 15th, 2008. You can access our replay service at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 and entering today’s conference access code of 966140. Those numbers once again, toll free 800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code of 966140. And that does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-08-05 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Director Peter Chernin - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Rupert Murdoch - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Michael Morris - UBS Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Jason Bazinet - Citigroup
Media: Kenneth Lee - Reuters Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal George Silino - The Hollywood Reporter
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the News Corp fourth quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs for New Corporation. Please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Thanks, Mary and welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 year-end earnings conference call. I apologize to those of you in New York for our late start today. Joining me today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and CEO of News.; Peter Chernin, President and COO; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. As is our custom, Dave will begin the call with a brief summary of the results, focusing on items not immediately obvious from the reading of the earnings release, which we assume you all now have. Rupert will then give some deeper commentary on a couple of our international initiatives, including Sky Italy and our international cable channels, and then offer some perspective on our printer operations, including our latest acquisition, The Dow Jones Company. Peter will then speak about what you can expect from our leading entertainment assets in fiscal 2009, including some forward commentary on our television and cable businesses, as well as an update on what’s ahead at the film company. We will then of course take your questions. Just some legalese: this call is of course governed by the Safe Harbor provisions. On this call, we will make statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in News’ public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements. Finally, please note that certain financial measures we will use in this call, such as EPS and net income, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation will be posted on our website on our investor relations earnings release page. And with all of that, I’ll now turn the call over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Gary, thank you and good afternoon, everybody. As you have seen in today’s earnings release, News Corporation once again posted very solid results, with double-digit revenue, operating income, and net income growth for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Let’s start with our full year first. We achieved 21% operating income growth on a total company basis and 17% growth when you factor out those items we were excluding from our guidance, namely the $126 million gain on the U.K. land sale and the Dow Jones operating income contribution. This 17% growth is consistent with the upper end of the expectations we provided to you six months ago and well above the low teens guidance we provided about a year ago. This strong financial performance was driven by 15% overall revenue growth and double-digit earnings growth at our television, cable, DBS, and newspaper and information service segments. Bottom line, the company reported net income of $5.4 billion versus $3.4 billion last year. The related earnings per share was $1.81, a 68% improvement over last year’s reported earnings per share of $1.08. Included in net income in earnings per share are a couple of items I would like to highlight. We reported pretax other income of $2.3 billion, which includes a gain of approximately $1.7 billion related to the Liberty DIRECTV transaction. Gains from disposal of our interest in the Bay area RSN in Gemstar, as well as the positive mark-to-market adjustment on our [BUX] liability. In addition, our equity earnings reflect a $485 million charge for our share of BSkyB’s write-down on its ITV investment. Excluding the net income effects of these items, adjusted earnings per share was $1.22 this fiscal year, an increase of 22% over similarly adjusted $1 in fiscal 2007. Now let’s look at the fourth quarter. For the quarter, operating income of $1.48 billion was up 21% over the fourth quarter a year ago. This improvement reflects at least double-digit growth in all of our segments, with the exception of television, which was below last year. The quarter’s results also include the $126 million gain on the United Kingdom land sale and Dow Jones operating income contributions that if excluded would reduce the quarter’s operating income improvement to 9% over the fourth quarter a year ago. Bottom line, the company reported net income for the quarter of $1.13 billion, a 27% improvement over last year’s fourth quarter results. The related earnings per share for the quarter was $0.43, and this is a 54% improvement over last year’s earnings per share of $0.28. Similar to the full year result, the fourth quarter equity earnings included a write-down on BSkyB’s ITV investment, of which our share was $111 million. Additionally, our other income in the quarter was $433 million, reflecting gains on disposal of our interest in the Bay area RSN, in Gemstar, as well as mark-to-market adjustments on our [BUX] liability. Excluding the net income effect of these items, adjusted earnings per share was $0.35 this quarter, an increase of 13% over a similarly adjusted $0.31 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. And given you all have the earnings release, I won’t talk about all the operations but let me just highlight a couple. Our largest driver of earnings growth in the quarter was filmed entertainment which, with operating income of $220 million, this is more than double the $106 million reported in the fourth quarter a year ago. This strong performance includes continued worldwide DVD sales of Alvin and the Chipmunks and Juno, as well as the April DVD release of Aliens Vs. Predator in the United States. Also in the quarter we had lower releasing costs related to theatrical releases in the quarter versus a year ago, and higher profit contributions at 20th Century Fox Television, reflecting lower development cost from the production of fewer pilots as a result of the writers’ strike. Also in the quarter, we had a very strong result at Sky Italia. Sky Italia achieved its highest quarter profitability ever. With $212 million of operating income, this is a 37% increase from the fourth quarter a year ago. Sky added 147,000 gross and 55,000 net subscribers in the quarter. This is 72% more net additions compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. This higher level of net additions is partially related to the free trial promotion offered in the third fiscal quarter of this year. For the year, Sky added 366,000 net new subscribers, increasing our year-end subscriber count to just over 4.6 million subscribers. In addition, the annual churn rate remained low at approximately 10% for the fourth consecutive year. Monthly ARPU averaged approximately EUR44 per subscriber this year and SAC on an annual basis approximated EUR260 per subscriber, and this is about even with last year’s levels. At our television segment, operating income in the quarter of $279 million declined 28% as compared to the fourth quarter a year ago, with lower earnings reported by the stations, the Fox Network, and Star. Station operating income decreased 26% in the quarter, primarily resulting from market ad sales declines averaging about 10% in our markets. The weakest ad sales categories continue to be automotive, telecommunications, and movies. Revenues and operating income were also down in the quarter at the Fox Broadcasting Network due to lower ratings that more than offset higher advertising pricing. And at Star, the cost of programming initiatives at Star Plus and at Star World more than offset higher advertising revenues. At our cable networks, again we had very solid growth in this segment in the fourth quarter. Our operating income contribution of $313 million is up $29 million over the fourth quarter a year ago. This is an especially good result considering we incurred start-up losses of about $36 million for the Big 10 and the Fox Business Channel in the quarter. The largest year-over-year gains in the quarter were from the RSNs, which reflect higher affiliate rates, from the Fox News Channel due to higher affiliate rates, additional subscribers, and advertising revenue increases, and the international channels from advertising and affiliate increases, led by our Latin American and European channels. Our newspaper and information segment also reported a good quarter, with operating income of $262 million, and this was up 29% over the fourth quarter a year ago. This increase largely reflects advertising and circulation revenue increases at our Australian papers, reduced cost from our U.K. print projects, favourable foreign exchange movements in both Australia and the United Kingdom, and the inclusion of Dow Jones. And at our other segment, we reported fourth quarter operating income of $69 million as compared to an operating loss of $17 million a year ago. The current quarter includes the $126 million gain on the sale of land in the United Kingdom. After talking about this for two years, we finally completed it in the quarter. At Fox Interactive Media, revenues in the quarter of $225 million were up 23% compared to a year ago, as a result of higher search and advertising revenues. The search component increase accounted for more than half of the overall revenue increase. FIM’s earnings contributions in the quarter of $6 million was down $24 million from a year ago levels as revenue gains were more than offset by planned increases in development and technical costs associated with MySpace domestic and international expansion, and the addition of new features. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2009, and as we measure this guidance, we are excluding from fiscal 2008 the $253 million in operating profit contributions from businesses or assets sold in fiscal 2008 which will no longer be included in our ongoing results, namely the eight TV stations, the three RSNs sold to Liberty and the U.K. land sale. So as we look at measuring operating growth in fiscal 2009, we are comparing it to a base of $5.13 billion in operating profit for fiscal 2008. And as we look at fiscal 2009, we expect many of our businesses will generate very good year-over-year earnings growth, and these include continued growth at Sky Italia from new subscriber additions, further growth at our cable networks, led by new affiliation deals at Fox News, and further expansion of our international channel, improved monetization of Internet traffic at MySpace, and the full-year consolidation of Dow Jones. But we are also facing some challenging comparisons from certain items that positively impacted fiscal 2008 that will not repeat in fiscal 2009, and these include the Fox Network and stations’ broadcast of the most watched Super Bowl this past February, reduced programming and production and pilot costs in fiscal 2008 at our TV production business and in the network related to the writers’ strike earlier this year, and at our film division, the timing of three of our most significant tent-pole theatrical releases for fiscal 2009 will be in late fourth quarter and the first days of fiscal 2010, resulting in substantially all of the marketing expenditures being absorbed in fiscal 2009. At the same time, we also expect to be operating in a much more difficult economic environment than we did this past year, and in particular, a significantly more challenging local advertising environment for both broadcast television and newspapers. Taking all of these items into account and based on all of the assumptions inherent in our projections, we anticipate our operating income growth rate for fiscal 2009 to be in the 4% to 6% range, above the $5.13 billion fiscal 2008 result I discussed earlier. With all of that, I would like to turn the call over to Rupert for some further comments. Rupert?
Gary Ginsberg: He may be on mute.
Operator: It will be just one moment while we reconnect his line.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you. If everyone can just hang on one minute, we have some technical difficulties. Rupert is in Beijing on a separate line. We’ll get him shortly. I apologize. We’re going to change over. Peter’s going to go ahead and give his comments now.
Peter Chernin: Yeah, why don’t I go first and then we’ll turn it back over to Rupert once he’s reconnected. Before I go back to Rupert, I want to touch on a few of our core businesses that continue to perform well despite the increasing economic pressures that Dave just described, and give a little more color on why we think that they are positioned to weather the turbulence we are all currently feeling to some degree. Let me start with Fox Broadcasting, which finished its fourth straight season as the number one network with the largest margin of victory -- And in a first for any network in the past decade, Fox ranked number one across all key demos. We think this momentum will result in a ratings upswing as we enter the Fall season in just a few weeks with a stable schedule of hits. House returns as the number one scripted show on television for the second year in a row. Terminator: The Sarah Conner Chronicles, was last season’s top new scripted show on any network, and Moment of Truth was the number one new series on broadcast television. And finally, American Idol continues to dominate primetime with a 57% average advantage over its closest competitor last season. Going forward, we believe we have the single most buzzed about new show --
Rupert Murdoch: I apologize for that glitch, everybody. Good afternoon and thank you very much, Dave.
Gary Ginsberg: Rupert, hang on. Peter is in the middle of his because we didn’t have you on the line. He’ll finish his and then we’ll go to you, if that’s okay.
Rupert Murdoch: Okay.
Peter Chernin: Going forward, we have the single most buzzed about new show on network television in Fringe from J.J. Abrams. There’s also tremendous excitement for the return of 24 in January, so much so that we are producing a two-hour prequel TV movie for November. We had quite a strong up-front this year on our network in terms of volume, with solid pricing increases and a low level of cancellations. The scatter market also remains robust. Last month’s all-star game beat our goals even without the extra innings. We’re in the middle of the football up-front and pacing strongly ahead of last year, and our three big American Idol sponsors -- Coke, Ford, and AT&T -- have all already renewed for the upcoming season and in our top categories, spending is up across the board. While the network outlook is bright, our local stations are feeling the effects of a worsening economy. The total local ad market was down 10% in the fourth quarter and pacings for Q109 continue to be weak. We are starting to see some presidential political spending in several markets but spending in key categories, like automotive and telecom and financial services, remains down. While we continue to generate a growing market share of the ad markets, with actually a record market share in July, the overall local ad market is highly challenged at the moment. Moving back to a bright front, moving back to cable, we’re seeing significant growth on a number of fronts, especially internationally. Last year Fox International channels launched 40 new channels and generated revenues close to $1 billion with margins of 25%, among the highest in the international cable industry. Notably, almost all of the revenue comes from either emerging markets or mature markets with low but growing cable and satellite penetration, so our revenue potential still has great upside. In the past quarter, ad sales for Fox International channels continued to show robust growth, up 30%, and pacings for Q109 also looked strong. Domestically, we also had a very strong cable entertainment up-front this year with FX and Nat Geo both up over 20%. On the news side, Fox News had a solid up-front as well, with strong spending gains across a number of categories, like consumer products and pharmaceuticals. Additionally, our new Fox News affiliate deal with Time Warner, which begins later this month, was done at a significantly higher subscriber rate over the previous agreement and we are in negotiations with EchoStar and ComCast, which we hope to complete by the end of the year for similar rates. On the film side, we had record operating profit for the seventh consecutive year, which I think is quite a good feat in this industry. And the outlook over the next several years and beyond is very healthy. In fact, over the next year-and-a-half, I think we have the strongest tent-pole lineup we’ve had in many years, starting in November with Baz Luhrmann’s Australia, followed in December by The Day The Earth Stood Still and Marley & Me, based on the best-selling book. Then late next spring, we have two highly anticipated sequels I think will do strong business -- X-Men Origins: Wolverine and Night at the Museum 2. And then the summer will kick off with Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs, the third in the very successful Ice Age franchise. Beyond expected big box office grosses, all should do very strong DVD business. And speaking of DVDs, I think it’s worth noting that despite the recent hand-wringing over the health of the DVD business, the retail space for the entire DVD market has actually widened by an estimated 5% over the last 12 months, and the Blu-Ray format is already ahead of DVD comparatively in terms of adoption at this point in its lifecycle, with sales of more than $200 million year-to-date through June, up about 300% for the same period in ’07. Finally, turning to FIM, we are actually quite pleased with the momentum at MySpace. Revenues are up both quarter to quarter and year over year and in May, MySpace hit an all time high, with nearly 74 million in uniques in the U.S. for the month. Today, just over a month into our new fiscal year, we are very encouraged with what we are seeing. We are pacing well against internal expectations, user engagement continues to grow, and our recent redesign effort is being positively received by both users and advertisers alike. Right now, we feel good about where things are headed. We are seeing dramatic increases in branded display advertising across a number of categories for the first month of Q109, including financial services were up over 100% year over year, consumer packaged goods up over 150% year over year, and food and beverage actually up over 170% year over year. Overall pacings for all Q1 branded display are very strong and are exceeding those of a year ago by double-digits. Our hyper-targeting initiative, which was written up in the papers this week, continues to gain traction with 50% of all orders now including some form of hyper-targeting. We’ve seen two straight quarters of hyper-targeted CPMs exceeding non-hyper-targeted CPMs more than two-fold. General Motors, Coke, Wells Fargo, Red Bull and New Balance were among the major advertisers which included hyper-targeting in their campaigns in Q4. One thing in particular I would like to point out is that advertisers are increasingly turning to MySpace homepage takeovers as a way to reach a mass audience. Up to 40 million people visit the homepage every single day. That’s more people than watch the finale of American Idol, and the average user is spending more time on the homepage, up 54% during the week of July 22nd versus the same week last year. It’s a very powerful promotional tool and we are seeing more big brands incorporate it into their marketing campaigns. And to give you just one specific of the massive scale of the MySpace homepage, Warner Brothers did a homepage takeover for Batman: Dark Knight and had over 70 million streams of the trailer, with a remarkable 27% of those users viewing the trailer in its entirety. And finally, next month we’ll launch the highly anticipated MySpace music joint venture, offering users the ability to listen to free streaming music, purchase song downloads, ringtones, t-shirts, and concert tickets. And with 65% of our user base already embedding music on their profiles, we see great potential for this business. So despite overall concerns about the economy and serious issues with our local television station business, we feel our core businesses are all well-positioned for expansion in fiscal ’09. And with that, let me turn it back to Rupert.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you very much, Peter and good afternoon, everyone. I’m sorry for that telephone glitch and I’m sorry for the lateness of the call, but I’m joining you, my New York colleagues, from Beijing. If I sound a little distant, you’ll new why. News Corporation is a global company and I’ve spent the past few days with our team in India, which is building a remarkably successful and very profitable television and multimedia operation. For all the talk of international downturn, even the gloomier Indian economists are still forecasting GDP growth in the coming year of at least 7%. As Dave just outlined, fiscal 2008 was a very good year operationally and financially. We finally completed our tax-fee asset swap with Liberty Media, recognizing a nearly $1.7 billion gain on our divestiture of DIRECTV, while at the same time reducing our outstanding share count by 16%. We also completed our acquisition of Dow Jones, with its information services businesses and the Wall Street Journal, include arguably the most important and vibrant brands in business news worldwide. We also raised over $1.5 billion in capital by selling a non-strategic ownership position in Gemstar TV Guide, a minority interest in other cable assets, as Dave has already mentioned. And in July, since the end of the year, we’ve just received $1.1 billion in proceeds from the sale of eight smaller television stations. The financial success we’ve enjoyed should come as no surprise. It’s a steady continuation of the growth we’ve sustained really since 2002. In fact, over the last five years, using almost any metric, few if any companies in our sector have matched our revenue, operating income, or earnings per share growth. Revenue growth of almost 14% a year on average, with average operating income growth of 18% and earnings per share from continuing operations up 30% per year on average. As we look at the year ahead, we anticipate an increasingly difficult economic environment. The escalating price of energy, the contraction of real estate values, and liquidity and competence issues in the finance sector are creating economic shocks that will likely be felt by the vast majority of consumers in the U.S. as well as in Europe and maybe elsewhere. However, even in this recessionary environment, we believe we have the unique growth in our drivers and balance sheet strength not only to weather this storm but to strength and grow our businesses. As Dave indicated a few minutes ago, we have considerable financial challenges in our local television businesses but believe we can still maintain structural growth as several of our younger businesses that are coming to fruition, particularly at Sky Italia and several of our cable businesses and at Fox Interactive. Our strategies of investing and developing businesses [albeit] at a cost to short-term earnings not only differentiates us from our peers but delivers more consistent long-term growth. Over the last four years, Sky Italia has grown in annual operating profit by almost $700 million in aggregate, transitioning from a $277 million loss in fiscal 2004 to about $420 million profit this last year. This growth was generated by the audience of 1.9 million net new subscribers over the period, achieving total subscriptions of close to 4.6 million. As we look ahead, we fully expect this growth should continue. The television market in Italy is one of Europe’s largest, with about 22 million television households. The pay TV penetration in that country is barely topping 20%. This compares to pay TV penetration of over 55% in Britain, 45% in Spain, 32% in France. Clearly there are at least several more years of robust growth to be captured in Italy. Similarly, over the last four years our cable programming businesses have added over $780 million in additional annual operating profits, and that is inclusive of over $200 million spent on launching the Big 10 and Fox Business Network this last year. The popularity of the Fox News channel, the rapid expansion of our international Fox and National Geographic channels, and the [inaudible] of our regional sports networks with longer term affiliate carriage deals and long-term sports rights contracts have all contributed to cable’s success and strong competitive standings. Our print operations are far more than just newspapers, and so they are experiencing rapid digital growth. In the six months to the end of June, the audience of wsj.com, the Wall Street Journal’s online operations, rose 87.9% compared to the same period last year and we are just getting started. In fact, in July it was over 100% increase. The Sun and the Times in London, for example, are large and fast-growing online brands and their revenues, along with those generated by subscriptions at Dow Jones, which we are finding -- where we are finding admirable elasticity, are an increasing share of our information services segment. Our Australian titles are in extremely good shape and operating in an economic climate which seems to be quite different to that in the U.S. All of our newspapers have a complementary commercial strategy, exploiting the display space of print and repurposing content for the web, where the inventory can be resold. That the newspaper sector is changing is clear. The companies willing to invest in new forms of delivery which have a commitment to quality will prosper. Dow Jones is now developing a web-based delivery platform that will allow us to target customers far beyond the traditional institutional clients and will extend our reach around the world in partnership with Star, Sky, and MySpace. We are fortunate to have an internal network that allows us to launch products across borders and across platforms, and we have a thriving index business. Earlier today in Bombay, I christened two new indexes -- the Global Dow, which includes established and emerging companies from around the world, and a new index tracking 30 prominent Indian companies, and reflecting the world’s changing corporate landscape. I returned to Beijing from India even more convinced that our faith in Asia’s potential and that of its people will be rewarded many, many times over. News Corp's varied sources of revenue and our global reach certainly give us a clear comparative advantage. We have a genuine momentum which will carry us through into the next year and well beyond. Our time in India made me realize how much more potential there is for cooperation among our business units, which are as aggressive as they are innovative. Other companies may indeed be struggling but our competence and our ambition have buttressed our very healthy balance sheet. Thank you very much.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you. Operator, can we get right to the questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Thanks. Can you give us a sense of how big enterprise media now is within your newspaper segment, and particularly within Dow Jones? And what the growth profile of that business looks like. I think very often, everyone just wants your entire newspaper business as a newspaper business and are missing the growth profile of that enterprise business. Just wondering how significant the earnings contribution now is within that overall newspaper segment and what it’s profile over the next few years could be. And then second, Dave made some comments about the difficulties in the advertising environment for both newspapers and TV. You sold TV stations at 10 times EBITDA earlier this month. I’m wondering whether -- what your thought process is for shedding other assets, given the attractive valuation you were able to exit TV stations at recently. Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: I could just pick that up, certainly on the Dow Jones side -- I would think that -- I know that more than half the profits already come from various digital efforts there, or digital delivered products, such as the newswires, Factiva, the indexes, and so on. All of these things are growing very fast. We see Dow Jones as being the whole, right at the forefront of the digital revolution. For instance, just the very basic thing, wsj.com, is expanding extremely fast. It leads into the subscription service, of which we have now well over 1.1 million subscribers at a healthy price, which it will -- and one that can be increased and will be increased, and that of course also leads into very specialized wires for which we can charge very high premiums. It is an information service, not a newspaper, an information service which will be neutral to all platforms, whether it comes on a Kindle or a mobile telephone or a PC or whatever. That really goes for all our newspapers. Our newspapers should be seen as services to their public and their communities but will be available in every way.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Hang on one second, Jessica. Peter is going to answer --
Peter Chernin: I think the second part of your question, Rich, was about television stations and would we sell anymore of those businesses in this environment. First of all, I’m not sure. I think we sort of timed that sale pretty perfectly and felt good about the multiples we got for it. Secondly, I think it’s important to point out that we’ve got a pretty good group of television stations right now, including I believe nine duopolies in major markets, so a big chunk of our television station inventory is now tied up in duopolies which continue to outperform the market. While I guess we’d probably be open to discussing anything, I’m not sure I’d be looking for us to see us selling some additional television stations in the short-term.
Rupert Murdoch: I would support that. We need those major stations and that number of stations really to be the backbone of our network.
Gary Ginsberg: Jessica.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Can you talk about the leverage at FIM? It sounds like you pretty much have guaranteed double-digit revenue growth between branded pacings and the step-up in search. So I was just wondering if you could talk about what your cost outlook is for fiscal ’09 and talk about your strategy there in terms of potentially getting bigger or gaining scale? And secondly, local advertising is clearly weak for everyone but national still seems to be strong and Peter, you’ve been quoted all over as saying a tale of two worlds today. Are you not seeing any spillover in key categories like auto into national? And Dave said 4% to 6% OI growth -- what is your revenue guidance for ’09?
Peter Chernin: First on the FIM side, I guess the key thing I’d say is certainly we believe that we are still in a scale gain business and it’s important -- a very, very competitive environment and it’s important that we keep growing and we keep investing to grow, investing to grow in terms of development, in terms of technology, in terms of international, in terms of new features, in terms of content and we will continue to do so. That being said, our expectation is that we can grow our margins in the FIM business in fiscal ’09, so our costs will continue to grow and we are expecting right now I think our projections are we can have revenue growth of 30%. Our costs will continue to grow but we expect the margins to grow also, so that we will outpace our cost growth with the revenue. But we will certainly continue to focus on growing the overall category, into the making the right kind of investments and frankly, I’m pretty proud of what they’ve achieved over the last six months. I think the homepage redesign, their new app products, the work they’ve done on hyper-targeting, the work they’ve done on optimization -- all those have been investments that I think have been very worthwhile investments and have really grown the overall business. In terms of the national versus the local advertising business, we are seeing real strength in national and particularly in some of the cable up-fronts, but also on our broadcast network business. In terms of key categories, certainly the auto category is probably the one that is a little bit weaker but we have a couple of key advantages. One is that our single biggest advertiser is Ford and they chose to renew their advertising in American Idol, which is their biggest chunk, so that’s significant to us. We had also made multi-year sports deals with a number of the car advertisers, so we had locked in two years, sometimes even three-year deals, particularly with the big three, and so those deals had been locked in last year, so that I think gives us a little bit of extra strength. One of the other things we are seeing is that the car companies, even as they are cutting back, at least for us, they continue to emphasize national advertising because what they find is that their -- you know, we’ve had some pretty interesting conversations with them and as their potential buyers go into a show room, they have done significant work on the Internet and they know what cars they want to buy but they need to do national television advertising in order to get them to look at that brand on the Internet. So they’ll go on the Internet and look at two or three key brands and choose between that, but they are doing that branding work on national advertising. So while it’s certainly not as robust as it was two or three years ago, we’ve been seeing the national auto advertising hold up much stronger than the local auto advertising category.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And then the revenue guidance?
David F. DeVoe: Jessica, I can’t give you just one number but I would say broadly, with the exception of our TV stations, which you would say probably down mid-single-digits, the rest of the business is likely to grow, and not including obviously Fox Interactive, low- to mid-single-digits broadly is what we are planning for.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David F. DeVoe: So obviously to the extent that the economy improves [inaudible] to do better.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Doug, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Why don’t we go to the next one, Operator?
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Sorry about that. So you indicated that the cable start-up losses were $200 million in fiscal year ’08 I think, so just curious what the fiscal ’09 number. And if I -- I think I missed it, but you just said revenue guidance of low-single-digits for fiscal ’09, is that right, Dave?
David F. DeVoe: What I said was that it’s difficult to give a total number, to give a number but you really have to look at it business by business. I said broadly that we would expect our TV stations to be down mid-single-digits and the rest of the business to grow low- to mid-single-digits excluding the Fox Interactive business.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: I guess my question on that, Dave, is to the extent that you have an advertising assumption underlying your guidance, is that advertising assumption based on your current pacings or are you assuming a deterioration or an improvement in the ad market throughout the year?
David F. DeVoe: That’s based on the markets as we see them today.
Peter Chernin: And in terms of the cable channel, the cable channel investment number, the losses were probably a little bit closer to about 160 or so, and we would expect those to come down probably by about 40% in fiscal ’09, and continued investment in Fox Business and a real turnaround in Big 10.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jolanta Masojada with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. With the $1.1 billion of cash you received from the TV stations and the upcoming cash you’ll receive from the sale of NDS, can you talk about your plans for corporate strategy, whether those funds are largely to be diverted into investments such as premiere or into the share buy-back or other purposes?
Rupert Murdoch: We’re going to be opportunistic and we are going to be careful like everybody else. We think there’s enough uncertainty around for us to put the strength of our balance sheet as our absolutely number one priority. As to premiere, we now -- we’re very happy with that. We have 25%. We have cartel office approval I think to go to perhaps 30%. We’re just really looking at that, to be perfectly honest. We think it may be a big opportunity. We have now two senior directors on the board plus an independent -- that’s out of six directors. We’re working very well with the management and it’s too early to indicate any intentions there because we really haven’t come to any conclusions.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: And how about the buy-back -- can you make any comments on your intentions there?
Rupert Murdoch: We’ll look at that as the year develops. If you think that it’s such a good buy, you should be telling people to buy shares. We’re not here to liquidate the company.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. I’ll just ask two -- first on Sky Italia, Rupert, if you could talk about the long-term expectations you have there for penetration growth. If you look at what Sky did in Britain, sort of changed the strategy a few years ago to become a little bit more aggressive at the lower end, get involved by Easynet and use broadband and phone to drive additional penetration. As you look at the Italian market, are there additional products that you’d like to sell alongside Sky to help reaccelerate or drive further penetration? Or do you feel like the business is set up to get where you’d like it to get under the existing structure? And then, if I could just ask a question on MySpace -- the usage numbers obviously are impressive, the target-ability we all understand. Has the economic environment -- and this is for Peter or Rupert -- made it more difficult to get advertisers on board with the targeting technology, or is that sort of irrelevant given the early stage of this business?
Rupert Murdoch: We’re just taking the first half of your question about Sky Italia -- we see several more years of this level of growth. It’s very popular, it’s doing well, it’s got a great name there. There’s no reason why it shouldn’t -- now, we are cooperating with broadband suppliers and helping them and they help us, rather than buy into it in a big way ourselves as we did in Britain. We don’t think it will be necessary in Italy and we don’t intend to make that sort of commitment.
Peter Chernin: On the MySpace piece, what I would say is look, I think anecdotally probably that market is a little bit weaker but you know, we’re in a pretty nascent stage, so I think we are seeing actually pretty strong demand for the targeting technology, because it’s new enough. And to be honest, I think as we announced, we made a change in the ad sales management sort of five of six months ago and we think we’re reaping the benefits of a new, aggressive focus there. So while the market may be a little bit soft, I think our experience in that market certainly over the first month of this fiscal year, we’re encouraged by what we are seeing out there right now for ourselves.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Morris with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Morris - UBS: Thank you. On the international cable channels networks, it sounds like you did about $250 million in operating profit against I think it was about $180 million that you were targeting at the beginning of the year. Can you talk about -- I guess how much of that growth is organic versus consolidation, I think in part of National Geographic? And then also, can you give some more specifics, I guess, about whether if it’s specific channels that are being taken up in different markets, specific programming? And I know you talked about Latin America, but I guess just more specifics on both the content and the markets to help us understand where the opportunity is and where the risk would be.
Peter Chernin: First of all, I don’t remember what we projected but I think your numbers are fairly accurate. Of that total number, probably about $80 million represents Nat Geo consolidation, so the rest of it is organic growth. What I think we’ve done, and we talked about this a little bit maybe two calls ago, is that we’ve done a pretty good job of creating a sort of modular model where we have certain channel brands, whether it’s Nat Geo, whether it’s Fox Life, whether it’s Fox Crime, whether it’s Nat Geo Wild, et cetera, whether -- and we are able to sort of open up new channels in markets for relatively little money. We can -- a lot of these markets can launch a channel for $3 million, $4 million, reach break-even within eight or 10 quarters. And so I think one of the things I said earlier was that we launched 40 new channels last year. That’s almost a new channel a week, and in all sorts of territories, ranging from -- I think just in the last week or so we just launched Fox in Germany, which is a big event for us. But we also launched small channels during the year in places like Serbia and small places in Eastern Europe. We are seeing pretty good growth across lots of these developing markets, across Latin America, across Eastern Europe, and also the maturation of some of our channels in bigger markets. Italy continues to be very, very strong for us. We seem to be delivering the bulk of the ratings, or the single biggest content driver on Sky Italia. The U.K. continues to be strong for us. Our Asian markets continue to be strong. So it really is a mix of all these things -- and I’m sorry, I just wanted to clarify, that $80 million Nat Geo number was actually the total global number. Of that, $50 million is international and $30 million with Nat Geo domestic, so of the number, $50 million was -- of the international number, $50 million was the Nat Geo consolidation, not 80. I apologize -- 80 is the total number.
Michael Morris - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Thanks for taking my question. Just one question for Peter -- it’s clear that the viewership of both professional and user generated video content is growing really quickly on the web. You see that with your own usage numbers on MySpace and we see that on YouTube. The question is, is that growth of mine share on sites like MySpace and YouTube, is that a fragmentation risk that could impact viewership at the TV network and stations in a secular way? And if not, I imagine your answer would be no but even if that’s true, even if the Internet is additive to the total, do you think that the web could add incrementally to overall media consumption but at the same time be cannibalistic to revenue at some of the more traditional forms of distribution, like the TV network, the TV stations, or even DVD sales? And given News Corp's content ownership on both sides of that equation, old media and new media, I hope you can comment. Thanks for taking the question.
Peter Chernin: Well first of all, I guess I would say on an absolute level, probably the use of user-generated content is competitive. It’s eyeballs going someplace but that’s the world in which we live in. We live in a world of infinite choice and people are going to have plenty of opportunities to watch whatever they want. And our job as programmers on our traditional business is to make sure that our programming is so compelling that people would rather watch it than all of than all of the -- you know, if they are not going to watch user-generated content, they are going to play videogames or they are going to surf the web for other things or they are going to look at their cell phones. So I don’t want to pretend it doesn’t exist but it’s just one more competitive drop in the bucket. I think -- a couple things I want to say; first of all, I believe that we need to look at user-generated content very differently than we are looking at sort of premium content on the web. And we have the number two user-generated content on the web on MySpace and one of the things, just as an aside that I would like to say, there is -- we are doing a -- we are working very aggressively to offer advertisers segregation opportunities so that advertisers, one of the things, they can be segregated from content they may not want to appear next to, while at the same time those advertisers who are interested in that traffic, we can guarantee them that maximum traffic. On the premium site, one of the things we feel really good about is the growth of Hulu. We’re not a top 10 site. We’re seeing 3 million weekly uniques and some pretty large streaming numbers. I think the New York Times reported that we had 88 million streams in the month of June, and I think that that’s actually a good example of the way we are trying to effectively transition this business. So if you look at Hulu, I don’t necessarily look at Hulu as competitive with the broadcast network. What I look at is I look at it as an opportunity for us to replace something which had gone away, which is broadcast reruns. We used to 10 years ago make a lot of money running reruns of our shows. Those reruns, we don’t run any reruns at all of our reality shows, of our serialized dramas. We run some reruns of our self-contained dramas. What Hulu has done is basically allowed us to replace that rerun revenue which had gone away, and so we see the growth of something like that, we’re being careful to make that additive. The same thing as if you look at things like electronic sell-through on both the movie side and the TV side. We worked very carefully to make sure those electronic sell-through deals had margins that were equal to if not better than the DVD business, so we feel good about it. If the whole business migrated there, we’d feel fine about it because our margins are the same. And if you look at video on demand, that’s actually a place where our margins are stronger. We would rather see people consume products on video-on-demand than we would on video rental because it’s a stronger margin for us. So I think we will live in a world in which you will see these transitions from so-called traditional media to various digital iterations of those media, but we’ve worked very hard as a company and as an industry to make sure that we don’t sacrifice and cannibalize margin in that transition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alan Gould.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: -- the network DVR and Rupert, I was wondering, I see that you’ve put for review some TV stations in Eastern Europe. I know you’ve also got the outdoor business in Russia for sale. That may be for different reasons but I was wondering if you could give your view of what’s happening in Eastern Europe. I know you are very bullish in Asia. Are you becoming less bullish in Eastern Europe?
Gary Ginsberg: Alan, we missed the first part of your question.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: The first part is simply if Peter could comment on the court’s ruling on Cablevision’s network DVR.
Peter Chernin: Look, we are still reviewing the ruling. As you know, we were part of, through the MPAA, we were part of the consortium that appealed the original ruling, so we obviously had a strong position that we did not think was appropriate before this. But before -- we need to review the specifics before we decide what our next step is. But historically, you can assume we weren’t in favor of that ruling.
Rupert Murdoch: Right, and what was the second part?
Gary Ginsberg: Do you want to answer the question on Eastern Europe?
Rupert Murdoch: Eastern Europe, yes -- no, this is really a slight change of strategy. We believe that our position in Bulgaria, which is extremely strong, can’t get any stronger. We thought we’d try and monetize that while it was at its top. We don’t quite know yet whether we scale back a bit in Poland, which is proving more difficult than we expected or whether we can sell that but basically it could be for a diversion of those resources elsewhere. The sale of Russia is a different matter all together. We have great growing business there but just -- this is purely me, I’m sorry, I’m -- the more I read about investments in Russia, the less I like the feel of it. The more successful we’d be, the more vulnerable we’d be to have it stolen from us, so there we sell now.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much. Just to follow-up on a previous question, you guys have said that you would approach the buy-back issue opportunistically but you are levered right now at about one times debt to EBITDA. Your stock is trading somewhere in kind of the six times range and the growth at the company actually looks, especially in light of the challenging environment, pretty impressive. So I guess the question is with that kind of dry powder, this low a stock price, and such a favorable outlook for the company, what kind of better opportunity could there be?
Rupert Murdoch: I don’t know. Why don’t you buy more stock? We’ve seen other companies go into heavy, heavy debt to buy back stock and it’s done nothing for them. All they’ve got themselves is several years ahead of them sweating to pay the debt off. So we want to just hang loose for a little while yet. We’re not saying we’re not going to buy back stock. We may well do so but right now, we are not in the business of liquidating the company by buying back stock. We want to -- although we’ve just had the biggest buy-back in history in selling DIRECT for stock, so let’s just take it step-by-step. There are too many uncertainties out there at this moment.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks for taking the follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citigroup.
Gary Ginsberg: This will be our last question, Operator, just because of the lateness of the hour.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: I’ll make it quick -- some of your competitors seem to be moving aggressively into day-and-date on the film side and I was just wondering if you could share your current thoughts on that potential transition. Thanks.
Peter Chernin: We continue to look at it on a case-by-case basis. We find that for certain kinds of movies, it seems fine. For other kinds of movies, we still have some concerns that it may cannibalize our DVD business. We are continuing to do more tests and we certainly don’t feel in any rush. Again, it sort of relates to my earlier answer, which is what is paramount in our mind is protecting our overall margins and we certainly don’t want to be overly aggressive until we are sure that any move like that is going to be margin accretive.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Very good. Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you, everyone. We’ll now go into our press call, Operator, and if there’s any further investor calls, feel free to call Reed, myself, [or Barbara in New York].
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Kenneth Lee with Reuters.
Kenneth Lee - Reuters: Rupert, you talked about launching new channels in India, backed by $100 million in funding. How much of that is for launching new channels and how much of that has been earmarked for investments or partnerships with existing channels in the region?
Rupert Murdoch: That’s entirely new channels and it’s probably a slightly exaggerated figure. It would be closer to 60 than to 100. It’s really just extending our existing channels into different languages and in some cases, more localized programming as you go from area to area within India. The growth there is really extraordinary and we will be doing more and more there, and we would like to be doing more in China.
Kenneth Lee - Reuters: Any plans back to India to invest in existing properties?
Rupert Murdoch: No, in fact, we’re looking at a couple of small divestments at the moment, which would probably pay for anything like that. But we’ll be opportunistic if things turn up that can’t be resisted but we don’t see very much at the moment.
Kenneth Lee - Reuters: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gillian Wee with Bloomberg News.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: I just wanted to ask about Cablevision -- would you have any interest in looking at any of their businesses or any other media assets in the U.S. right now?
Rupert Murdoch: Not at the price they’d be asking but yes, I think it’s possible that a couple of their big cable channels could be interesting at the right price.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: What about the AMC or the whole Rainbow Media group?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, it’s pretty mixed -- it’s a pretty mixed group but we’re not looking at Rainbow per se. I don’t think we’ve been offered it.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: So at what price would be suitable?
Rupert Murdoch: I don’t know. We’d need to look at what the current market multiples are for cable channels.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shira Ovide with The Wall Street Journal.
Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal: Thanks. I wanted to ask if you’d elaborate a little more on whether you are seeing signs that the local advertising weakness you’ve talked about in broadcast TV and in newspapers is affecting cable advertising?
Peter Chernin: I’ll answer that. You know, look, first of all, we honestly wouldn’t know, with one exception, which is we sell our cable advertising on a national basis and that’s quite strong. The one area where it does affect us, and it’s pretty significant, is through our regional sports channels. We’re a big seller of local advertising and that business, while it has some unevenness, is actually quite strong and has been holding up quite well. I think a lot of that is a function of the overall strength of sports. We’ve also worked hard to integrate a number of sponsorship deals as opposed to straight advertising deals. So our revenues in that business, which is a pretty sizable exposure to the local cable market, have been quite solid and are holding up quite well. The other part of the local cable business, you’d have to ask the local cable MSOs and their inter-connects, and we don’t participate in that business so you’d have to ask them.
Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal: Okay, but in terms of the national cable ad market, you’re not seeing weakness there?
Peter Chernin: The national cable market, we’re seeing quite good strength.
Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George [Silino] with The Hollywood Reporter.
George Silino - The Hollywood Reporter: Peter, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about whether you are still thinking or talking to any partners in the Internet space for FIM -- Yahoo! or Microsoft, any of those guys?
Peter Chernin: No, we’re not talking to anyone right now. I think that we said fairly consistently that we were willing to look at those things opportunistically and if there was something that made sense to us we were willing to have a conversation but hopefully as you could tell from our previous answers, we certainly never felt like we had a defensive issue with FIM, that we were somehow handicapped. We actually feel quite good about our progress across multiple fronts in that business and feel strong about our position. So we were happy to have opportunistic conversations but they obviously led nowhere and we are not talking to anybody right now.
George Silino - The Hollywood Reporter: Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: I’ll just add to that -- we’re already moved on from those conversations.
Operator: Speakers, I’ll turn it back to you for any closing comments.
Gary Ginsberg: We have on closing comments. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you for waiting of the lateness of this call and if you have any further questions, call us in New York and thank you. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time today until August 15th at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 953360. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844 and enter the access code 953360. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701; international, 1-320-365-3844 and enter the access code of 953360. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation and for using the AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-05-08 00:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Director Rupert Murdoch - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Peter Chernin - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Michael Morris - UBS Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein Adam Alexander - JB Were David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s
Media: Kenneth Lee - Reuters Seth Sutell - Associated Press Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News Thomas Meyer - Newsday Dade Hayes - Variety George Silino - The Hollywood Reporter Andrew Clark - The Guardian Stacey Kramer - paidContent Ellen Yan - Newsday
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the News Corp third quarter 2008 earnings release. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our first speaker, Executive Vice President Mr. Gary Ginsberg. Please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you very much, Operator and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2008 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of News Corp.; Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. As is our custom, Dave will begin the call with a brief summary of the results, focusing on items not immediately obvious from the reading of the earnings release, that you should all now have. Rupert will then give some detailed commentary on our latest acquisition, The Dow Jones Company, followed by an update from Peter Chernin on the progress we are making at Fox Interactive Media, and as a sign of our own progress, we’ll be posting both Rupert’s and Peter’s comments in their entirety on our News Corp website. We’ll then take your questions. And this call is of course governed by the Safe Harbor provisions. On this call, we will make statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described News’ public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements. And with all that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Gary, thank you and good afternoon, everybody. As you’ve seen in today’s earnings release, we are continuing the strong growth trends we reported in the first half of fiscal ’08. For the third quarter of this fiscal year, revenue and operating income are up both 16%, another strong result for News Corporation. These improvements were led by strong performance at our television, cable, and newspaper businesses and it was achieved despite absorbing approximately $53 million in incremental losses related to start-up businesses such as the Fox Business Network, the Big 10 Network, and start-up television operations in Turkey, Poland, and Serbia. In looking at net income this quarter, there are a few items to be highlighted. This quarter’s net income and earnings per share include a tax-free gain of approximately $1.7 billion related to the Liberty transaction. Additionally, we also had a reduction in this year’s equity earnings of $146 million, and this is primarily due to a write-down by BSkyB of its ITV investment, of which our share was $101 million. And our tax rate in the quarter of 10% was significantly affected by the impact of a tax-free treatment of the gain in the previously taxed equity earnings from DIRECTV. Taking all of these items into account, reported net income increased $1.8 billion to $2.7 billion, and earnings per share increased to $0.91 versus $0.27 last year. Excluding the net income effect of the items included in other and the ITV write-down, earnings per share was $0.30 this quarter, an increase of 15% over a similarly adjusted $0.26 at the March quarter a year ago. I think it’s also worth noting that as part of the Liberty transaction, we reduced News Corporation’s gross shares outstanding by approximately 513 million shares, a reduction of more than 16%. Now given that you should now have the details presented in our earnings release, I’ll provide context on the recent performance of just a few of our businesses. Our film segment’s operating income was $261 million in the quarter, and while down from a year ago, this is another solid result. I want to remind you that the year-ago results were very strong, reflecting the DVD and theatrical successes of such blockbuster releases as Borat and Night At The Museum, and carry-over DVD sales from Devil Wears Prada and Little Miss Sunshine. The current quarter results reflect strong theatrical success of Alvin and the Chipmunks and Juno; also continued DVD sales of The Simpsons Movie and Live Free or Die Hard. Additionally, we are set up well for the rest of the year as we anticipate good results yet to come from films released in the quarter, most notably Horton Hears a Who, which was released mid-March and has generated over $275 million in worldwide box office to date. At our television segment, third quarter operating profit increased more than 50% from year-ago levels, with every major business within the segment delivering double-digit earnings growth. As you know, Fox aired this year’s Super Bowl, which as the most watched-show in the last 25 years contributed to our continuing ratings gains. The Fox Broadcast Network nearly doubled its operating income, from higher advertising pricing for both our entertainment and our sports programming, strong post-season NFL ratings, which were up 7% excluding the Super Bowl and up 5% for NASCAR; and lower primetime cost as a result of airing less original scripted also contributed to the result. Our station earnings increased 12%, largely reflecting Super Bowl revenues and political increases. And My Network TV greatly reduced its quarterly loss, primarily due to lower programming costs. Moving on to the cable networks, we also had strong growth at this segment -- a 17% improvement in operating profit to $330 million. This again, this is an especially strong result considering we incurred start-up losses of about $40 million for The Big 10 and Fox Business Channel launches. The largest year-over-year gains were from the RSNs, reflecting affiliate rate and subscriber increases, the international channels from advertising and affiliate increases, and they were led by our Latin American and European channels, and additionally the Fox News Channel, FX, and Speed all delivered double-digit profit growth, largely driven by higher affiliate and advertising revenue growth. The results also include the consolidation of the National Geographic Channels, which were not consolidated a year ago. Turning now to SKY Italia, SKY Italia reported operating income of $97 million, a 7% increase over the year-ago results. SKY added 77,000 net new subscribers in the quarter. This is down from 135,000 reported for the same quarter a year ago. Much of the decline compared to a year ago’s quarter is due to the timing impact of a new free trail promotion, under which we delayed recognition of subscriber additions until the expiration of the three two-month trial period. We completed this promotion as planned at the end of March. Over the past 12 months, we have had net subscriber additions of 342,000 resulting in 4.5 million subscribers at quarter end. Our ARPU for the quarter was approximately EUR45 and this is similar to last year. SAC excluding the free trial cost was down slightly from the level we reported in the third quarter a year ago, and SKY’s churn in the quarter was up versus the same quarter a year ago but it still remains on track to achieve an annual churn rate of around 10%. From an operating income or profit perspective, we had a planned increase in costs this quarter, driven by the free trial promotion, the mix of movie programming, and the addition of 11 new channels. Additionally, comparative results were impacted by the expiration of a minimum guaranteed payment we received on certain mobile phone programming contracts that did not carry over to this year. These results were all in line with our expectations and as a result it does not reduce our anticipated growth for this business for this fiscal year or beyond. In fact, since quarter end, new subscriber activity is up nearly 30% versus the same period last year, and that excludes free trial subscribers. At our newspaper and information service segment, they also reported a strong quarter with operating income of $216 million. This is up 38% over the third quarter a year ago. This increase primarily reflects double-digit earnings growth at both the Australian and the U.K. newspaper businesses, as well as the inclusion of the Dow Jones businesses, which were acquired in mid-December. The Dow Jones businesses contributed operating profit of $21 million in the quarter and note that this operating profit for the quarter includes incremental acquisition amortization and related charges of $23 million, which Dow Jones did not have a year ago. Excluding these non-cash reductions, this quarter’s results compares favourably to the $37.9 million of operating profit that Dow Jones itself reported for the quarter ending March 2007. And at our other segment, we incurred an operating loss of $7 million as compared to a loss of $104 million reported a year ago. This $97 million improvement is primarily due to the absence of last year’s World Cricket Cup losses, as well as higher contributions from Fox Interactive Media and NDS, offset in part by start-up losses related to our Eastern European TV initiatives. At FIM, revenues in the quarter of $210 million were up 55% from the same quarter a year ago, primarily due to search and advertising revenue growth at MySpace. Of the total FIM revenue, $66 million was from our search deal with Google. Ad revenues in FIM increased by 18% versus last year, and operating for FIM in the quarter was $27 million. This is up $24 million from the same quarter a year ago as the majority of the revenue growth was reinvested back into the business for new features, products and ventures, and Peter will comment more on this in a moment. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2008 -- three months ago we raised our expectations of operating income growth for fiscal 2008 from the low teens levels to the mid teens level. This guidance excluded any result from the Dow Jones acquisition. Based on our actual results to date and on the assumptions inherent in our projections, we are maintaining our mid teens operating income growth guidance. Note that this guidance is like to like as it continues to exclude Dow Jones results. And with all that, I’d like to now turn the call over to Rupert for some additional comments.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon, everyone. Once again, another very solid quarter -- 16% growth in both revenue and operating income. For the nine months fiscal year-to-date, our revenues are up 15% and operating income is up 21%. And as Dave just said, we remain very comfortable with our full year forecast of mid-teens operating income growth. The quarter was also quite strong from a strategic sense. We finally completed our deal with Liberty Media, effectively selling our interest in DIRECTV for a tax free gain $1.7 billion. At the same time we reduced our outstanding share count by more than 16%. Now, after closing this deal we will have repurchased $14 billion worth of News Corp stock over the past three years, by far the largest concentrated period of buying in the company’s history. Recently, we put in a very competitively priced bid for New York Newsday that, if accepted, would enable us to greatly improve our financial performance at the New York Post. Although subsequent to our offer, additional competitor bids have emerged. As financially desirable as this asset is, we will continue to be disciplined in our pursuit. And last week, we finally divested our Gemstar stake, netting approximately $950 million in value. This quarter also marks our first full quarter of earning Dow Jones. The more time I spend working with the company, the more opportunities I see in improving and expanding their current businesses. Although a small acquisition relative to our market capitalization, it is potentially transformative on many levels and we’re very focused on revitalizing this great company starting now. I know this is an area of focus for you as well and I want to divert a few minutes to giving you greater perspective on why we are so excited about its future prospects. First, a clarification -- from day one, the financial press has been fixated on portraying this move as a change in strategic direction. The company is now focused on allocating more of its capital on print businesses. That is not our intent, nor is it factually correct. We have not changed our playbook. We continue to be about seizing opportunities -- opportunities that fit strategically, leverage our core competencies, and deliver a good return for shareholders. That’s what we had with DIRECTV; we’ve got with Dow Jones; and that is what we would get with Newsday. In the case of Dow Jones, what’s being lost in all this chatter is one crucial fact; Dow Jones is not just a fantastic global newspaper. We bought the world’s largest provider of business content and information with a collection of exciting non-print growth businesses. In fact many of you may be surprised to learn that the biggest growth area of Dow Jones is its Enterprise Media Group, or part of its biggest growth area, I should say, which generates the overwhelming majority of the company’s profits. These products, including the branded services Dow Jones Indexes, Newswires and Factiva, are primarily sold to businesses on a long-term subscription basis and represent terrific growth opportunities as we build them out. Just starting with the Indexes businesses, they are Dow Jones’ fastest growing products with revenues up 37% and profits up nearly 50% in the quarter ended March 31st. And Factiva, with a database of 14,000 news sources in 22 languages, grew its revenues by 10% in the quarter. The financial services industry is expanding at breakneck speed, not only here in the U.S. but especially in rapidly developing markets. Our products, especially those applications assisting trading, wealth management, investment banking, private equity and hedge funds, are positioned perfectly to grow with this demand. In fact, the Financial Information Services group posted a 13% jump in revenue with earnings up over 8% compared with year-ago results even after increasing spending to further develop this business. Our outlook is equally optimistic with regard to Dow Jones’ array of digital online assets. The Wall Street Journal Online counts more than a million paying online subscribers. Only three traditional U.S. newspapers count that many paying readers and one of those is the print Journal. WSJ Online has also steadily grown its subscriber base, increasing paid subscribers 11% year-over-year in 2008. The Wall Street Journal Digital Network, which includes WSJ.com, MarketWatch.com and Barrons.com, also generated significant year-over-year growth in terms of both visitors and page views. Lastly, I’d like to point out that we also anticipate considerable growth at The Wall Street Journal. There are significant opportunities to raise advertising revenues, increase circulation volume and revenues, and reduce subscription churn in several markets around the world. The Wall Street Journal continues to defy industry trends, growing individually paid subscriptions by 1.6% to 1,456,000 and overall circulation by 0.3% to 2,069,000, continuing a trend over the last three reporting periods that has seen individually paid subscriptions grow 12%. The Journal was one of only two newspapers in the ten largest in the country to grow its circulation -- in fact, the only one to grow its paid circulation. More important, the Journal’s circulation revenue grew by 6.8% in the three months. And that was on top of 7.3% growth in calendar 2007. In the vital individually paid circulation category, which represents the highest-quality circulation, the Journal is up 12% over the past four ABC reporting periods. And we're beefing up the overall journal package to appeal to a wider range of both readers and advertisers. In March, The Journal began adding new features to its news and editorial pages with four additional pages, at an annual cost of about $6 million. The new content includes a third editorial page, a weekly sports page, expanded U.S. News and World News section and the addition of a Currents page, highlighting trends in religion, education and science. Importantly, the Journal is not moving away from its core areas of business, finance and economics coverage. In fact, as part of the reordering of content, we've added space for corporate and business news in the Marketplace section and for international finance news in the Money + Investing section. Finally, let me just say that we’ve got to keep all this in perspective: we’re talking only about the first full quarter of numbers under News Corporation. This is destined to be an extra-inning game, to use an overly-used metaphor; we’re only in the first innings. Those of you expecting to see immediate, dramatic results in 12 weeks are kidding yourselves and setting an unrealistic bar. Over time, as we’ve done dozens of times at News Corp -- most recently at Sky Italia and MySpace -- we’ve made our acquisitions work, generating great returns for our shareholders. We’ll do it again at Dow Jones; it may take time but I’m as confident of it as any acquisition I’ve done. Now I’d like to turn it over to Peter to talk a little more about some of our digital and interactive efforts.
Peter Chernin: Thank you, Rupert and good afternoon, everyone. I’d like to spend the next few minutes talking about Fox Interactive Media. Since the press began reporting a couple of weeks ago that we will fall short of our initial revenue projections for the year, there’s been a lot of speculation on the strength of the business and I think it’s worth right now to give it some perspective. This is a very healthy business with significant progress over multiple fronts. We continue to expand our leadership in the fastest growing consumer area of the web. But let me begin by saying yes, we will fall short of what were very aggressive initial projections of 80% growth for this fiscal year. But it’s worth pointing out that in a tough economy our shortfall will be slight -- roughly only about 10% and to put it in some context, FIM is nearly a billion dollar revenue business; a business that is not even three years old. And to give you some comparisons, it took Google five years to hit a billion dollars; it took Yahoo eight years and we’ll get there in a little over three years. It’s also worth pointing out that FIM’s revenue growth is tied to an entirely new category of advertising inventory. Social media has only been around for a few years and gaining market acceptance for any new category will always have its challenges. But as the creators of this new media, as the leaders, we will be in the forefront of developing the tools to make it work. We’re incredibly optimistic about the future of social media and our role in shaping it. When it comes to specific challenges we’re facing, I think that there are three areas worth noting. First of all, the explosive growth of social media has created an enormous amount of advertising inventory. As pages on MySpace and Facebook continue to grow, the lack of scarcity creates a liquidity challenge. We’ve spent a lot of time developing prime real estate opportunities to draw the big advertisers and big CPMs -- particularly with the MySpace Homepage and features like MySpace TV. We’re focused on migrating more of these big brands and their dollars to MySpace. Second, people who visit sites like MySpace are there for an entirely new form of Internet activity. As a consequence, the on-line ad models that have driven the Internet economy in the past need to be refined for the social media universe. New methodologies are required, which we are actively developing including our HyperTargeting initiative and optimization efforts. Third, it’s still difficult to quantify the economic value of a friend in the social media space, particularly with advertisers who have long histories with the metrics by which they value their brand spends on TV and on radio. We’re working with these major brands and their agencies to educate, innovate and experiment in the social media and to develop the right set of metrics. We’re making headway and it remains a work in progress. But despite the obstacles we’re facing, what we’re accomplishing is extraordinary and we think the future looks very exciting. Overall, our revenues are up across the board year to year. Branded revenue is up 21% over last year and branded sell-through is trending up for the year with a 19% increase from quarter one to quarter three. Performance revenues were up 24% year over year. And importantly, or actually I think most importantly, even as our MySpace user base continues to grow, we’re actually earning more money per user, and I think this is in some ways our most important statistic. FY08 revenue per unique is up 49% over last year. And another important statistic is if you look at it today, 54% of all social network ad dollars are going to MySpace. So as the category of social networking continues it explosive growth, we will be the prime beneficiaries. We’re also starting to see increased momentum with our hypertargeting initiative. Hundreds of HyperTargeting campaigns have been run in the last several months with 20% or more of all orders today including some HyperTargeting. And we are seeing double the CPMs for HyperTargeting campaigns versus non-HyperTargeted. Orders with HyperTargeting are about 60% larger. And we are attracting new advertisers like retail store TJ Max, which used HyperTargeting to reach consumers who are fashion aficionados. Or the Target chain, which used HyperTargeting to identify consumers by genre of music, or Chevrolet, which traditionally focuses only on pure content sites, but which used HyperTargeting to reach snowboarders. We are enjoying a considerable number of repeat orders with about 75% of advertisers ordering HyperTargeting again. We are also seeing successes in sales of key pages with sought-after branded advertisers, and attracting many high-profile brands for the first time this quarter, including such brands as Novartis, Wrigley, Virgin Mobile, Unilever and Toyota. Several have stepped up to the popular branded skin of the MySpace home page which goes for a 70% premium on the standard homepage buy. On the branded channel side, Colgate recently launched a video contest where users produce their own MySpace video on MySpace TV. And Activision just executed its biggest spend to date with a roadblock of the Music Channel to promote its best-selling game, Guitar Hero. Luxury brands are beginning to work with MySpace as well. Nordstrom just began sponsoring the Fashion section of the Applications Gallery and Cartier is launching a global campaign. And I think as importantly, in terms of category growth we are seeing major jumps in several big categories, including automotive, which is up 73%, consumer electronics, which is up more than 300%, beverage, which is up 600% and education, which is up 850% year over year -- all very important categories for us. This past quarter we reorganized our sales operation to more tightly align the product and revenue teams for each FIM brand, allowing us to create deeply integrated advertising opportunities more efficiently. And we launched a stand-alone monetization technology unit, the Fox Audience Network, so we can leverage the tools we’ve created and built to scale on a broad level to build a new line of business. And I think one of our great developments in the past several months is we recently opened up MySpace and Photobucket to outside developers earlier this year, and more than 7,000 outside developers are working with the MySpace API, creating more than a thousand new apps in just the first two months and driving more than 2.1 million applications of outside -- you know, with outside applications and installations across the site. Just as importantly, we are seeing explosive growth in mobile. MySpace mobile is the fastest growing WAP mobile product in the United States and the number three mobile product overall. And just this past month, we passed more than a billion page views per month on our MySpace WAP product. In terms of the competitive landscape, we also feel very good about where we are today. Perceptions of the MySpace brand continue to outpace that of Facebook in key demographics. And despite what was a big Facebook buzz last year, MySpace is gaining audience share and is at an all time high in terms of audience reach and engagement, according to both comScore and Neilsen, more than doubling Facebook’s U.S. audience with 73 million MySpace users compared to Facebook’s 36 million. And minutes spent on MySpace in the U.S. far surpass Facebook; 242 minutes per user per month versus 167 minutes per user per month for Facebook. In fact, over the past year, virtually every FIM property showed impressive growth. IGN and Photobucket are up 40% year to year in unique visitors worldwide. IGN remains the number one games information property and in just the past quarter, its Direct2Drive service surpassed one million games sold digitally online. Photobucket’s worldwide page views for March 2008 were 2 billion, up 85% year on year. And FoxSports.com is up over 20% in worldwide unique visitors year on year and recently launched its mobile WAP site, and it is the number one mobile WAP site for sports information in the U.S. We’re also rolling out a number of very important new initiatives. I think the most important one of which is the music joint venture which we just signed this month or in April with Sony, UMG and the Warner Music Group, which will expand on MySpace’s already existing strength in music to build out the most popular destination music site on the web a catalog representing probably about 80% of the music catalog available. We also established Fox TV stations as leading online local news property in its first year of operation and I think are well over 12 million uniques on our Fox Television station web properties. MySpace TV continues its rapid ascent and is now a strong number two to YouTube in online video, so in addition to everything else, we have the number two online video site. It’s also worth mentioning in the category of premium video that hulu, our on-line video joint venture with NBC, is off to a much stronger start than expected since coming out of beta and launching live in March. In summary, let me be very clear -- we are very pleased with the performance of the FIM division and MySpace specifically, and confident in the continued growth in profits. Without a doubt we have challenges and in some cases things are going a little slower than we expected, but we know what those challenges are and we’re addressing them and developing the solutions to meeting them. We are committed to growing this business and we continue to believe that we are making significant progress in adding new features, in monetization, in technology, in audience growth, and in market share. We believe that FIM and MySpace specifically continue to grow as one of the handful of the most important destinations on the web. And with that, I think we’re happy to answer any questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: A couple of questions; when you think about use of capital now, you’ve talked about acquisitions in the past. I’m wondering how you think about it with your stock now down at these levels. What is the right allocation of capital with Dow Jones now behind you. Has that changed your mind then? Just two, to the extent that you are not successful in acquiring Newsday, what do you do with the New York Post? Losing tens of millions of dollars, at least according to press speculation -- just wondering kind of what the plan would be if you don’t get it and where you go from here. Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: The price is going up next week or the week after to $0.50. We are making several moves there which will save over $20 million this year, regardless -- I think $26 million, regardless that’s net of paper increases and everything else. We’re very happy with our capital allocation at the moment. Dave might wish to speak about it.
David F. DeVoe: I think what you were saying was given that Dow Jones is behind us, we have no major requirements for capital at the moment. And I think what you are I guess trying to get you is what we are we doing with the buy-back. And where we’ve been with that, we’ve been extremely concerned with respect to the capital markets and all the fluctuations there and the concern as to what could happen. So what we’ve been doing is being very conservative. As you know, we are a very conservative company with respect to capital. I think what we will do is we will look at the markets over the next month or so. To the extent they stay stable as they’ve been, we will go back and relook at and revisit whether or not we can continue on with our buy-back.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: And when you think about the right leverage for the company, forget about meaning the current quarter but as you look out over the next call it two to three years, where does News Corp want to be from a leverage standpoint?
David F. DeVoe: I’ve always been pretty consistent that our leverage is somewhere between -- this is on a gross debt basis -- somewhere between two and three times would be maximum leverage for the company.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I have two questions as well -- given the inevitable consolidation in the Internet sector, how do you see MySpace evolving? Do you see it as a standalone entity or as part of a bigger and more diversified company? So you would own a smaller piece of a bigger company? And separately, several networks in recent days have been very bullish on the up-front. Besides high scatter CPMs, which seem to be due to lack of GRPs, what signs would make you positive -- I mean, do you agree with what other companies have said? And if you could in your comments just separate broadcast television from cable networks. Thanks.
Peter Chernin: On the first side, Jessica, I think we feel great about MySpace as a standalone entity. I think if you look at almost any measurement, social networking has been growing faster than any other category on the web and we have, as I said, 52% market share of all money inside that category. So we feel great about our efforts, we’re continuing to expand our efforts. At the same time, we’re willing to have strategic conversations if we thought they made sense. But I don’t think anyone should assume that we have any concerns about our positioning. I think any time you have the dominant market share in the fastest growing part of the web, you ought to feel pretty good about your position. So I think that’s our position there. I think in terms of the up-front, I sort of -- probably every single earnings call I’ve ever been on in my life in May, the networks talk about how huge the up-front is going to be and the advertisers talk about that it’s going to be a very tough up-front and instinctively, I think it’s all positioning on both sides. I do think we have had the strongest scatter market of any network, so whatever the up-front is going to be, and I’m obviously bullish about it, I think we are as well-positioned if not better positioned than anybody. And we continue to see strong scatter on both the network front and the cable front right now. You know, we’re coming off of strong ratings and a very strong competitive positioning in both.
Rupert Murdoch: I’ll just add to that, that we are coming off a year in which I think we’ve led the other networks in audience by a bigger margin than ever in history, or certainly for many, many years.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much. I wanted to switch over to the film business for Peter, just how you feel about the progress for Blu-Ray and how much do you think it might contribute to the back half of the calendar year. And then just any comments that you might have on day-and-date. You’ve had some reservations in the past as you’ve gone through the test and others are moving forward, and what kind of financial contribution if any do you think day-and-date might bring to the film line? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: Well I think -- look, we are bullish on Blu-Ray. We are very pleased to see the industry has finally gotten to one format. I think the biggest issue with Blu-Ray right now is there is a tremendous capacity -- there is a tremendous constraint of players available at retail. I think they sold out virtually every player that was there over Christmas and in January and they are right now in a big, big manufacturing push. And so it’s pretty hard to find much more than one or two Blu-Ray players in a store right now. That should change dramatically in June, over the summer, and particularly going into the fourth quarter when I think you will see a lot more players available and you will see the price of those players begin to come down. And as you see the players come out, I think you will begin to see much expanded orders of Blu-Ray. I think the two things that are important to us on the Blu-Ray side are both number of orders of discs, obviously, but also maintaining a higher price margin, which we’ve been able to do right now. We think these discs are more valuable. So far all of our competitors have held to a higher price, which -- and so I think if we can have a higher price margin and begin to see the players, we think this can be a big contributor. I think we have said that we would hope that Blu-Ray represents about $1 billion at retail home video this year and I see no reason to change that right now. In terms of day-and-date on video-on-demand, you know, we have participated in tests and we will going forward release some titles day-and-date, whereas others we will do a holdback. And I think what we particularly continue to monitor very, very closely is will day-and-date video-on-demand cannibalize our traditional video-on-demand -- or cannibalize our traditional DVD business. And we are going to keep monitoring that closely. We are going to keep experimenting. And at least from a Fox perspective, we think it’s too soon to declare overall that we are doing to move every single one of our releases to day-and-date, although we’ll continue to experiment. And right now from a financial point of view, I would expect -- look, video-on-demand has been a rapidly growing category. I would expect it to continue to rapidly grow, as ultimately it makes the availability of our product more ubiquitous, but I wouldn’t expect it to be overwhelmingly additive.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jolanta Masojada with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. I wondered if Rupert could give us a big picture view on how he is seeing the economy and advertising environments in all the different locations that you operate in, and what’s your feel for how those two factors, the economy and advertising, is going to progress over the course of the calendar year.
Rupert Murdoch: I think you’ve got to look at the U.S. economy first. There is no doubt that the consumer economy is stressed and you are seeing that reflected in advertising, more short-term planning, short-term bookings. As far as we’re concerned, we’re increasing our share of market in our stations and everywhere, even though there were some declines in total business. In Australia, it’s just booming. I mean, it’s going up all the time and in Britain, I would say it’s steady, and in Europe. Whether that will follow the American pattern fairly soon or not, I don’t know. Certainly -- I’m told that business is slowing down on the Continent. Our business in certainly in the U.K. is in a very healthy condition. I can only talk about what I see myself from week to week and month to month. I’m not an economist. I can’t predict what it will be like this time next year.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. A couple of questions for Dave; with the favourable impact from foreign exchange on the business in the quarter, I was wondering if there was a way you could help us quantify the benefit of both the revenue and operating income in the quarter. And then at the cable networks, I mean, your results are so strong again at the cable networks. Just wondering if you look apples-to-apples at advertising growth, stripping out of course the new networks and then the benefit of consolidating Nat Geo, what was the year-over-year advertising growth in the quarter? And then, if you could give us any color around whether you are seeing any deceleration or any impact from the economy there at the cable networks advertising. Thanks.
David F. DeVoe: The ad growth in the quarter was approximately 26% at the cable networks. You asked so many questions. I hate to say this, but would you mind going back to the first one?
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: I was just looking for the benefit from foreign exchange in the quarter?
David F. DeVoe: It’s around -- I think the benefit on the operating income line is around $35 million to earnings, and the revenue number I don’t have but I will get Reed to get it for you. Around $200 million? Approximately $200 million on the revenue side.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks. And then on the cable network advertising, just trying to get a sense for the ongoing trends there. I mean, maybe your growth is -- your growth there is obscuring any of the underlying trends but maybe if you could just give us a little bit at the core, fully distributed networks, are you seeing any deceleration, acceleration? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: I don’t think we’re -- I think that we are seeing continued strength. You know, we’re seeing a few cancellations here and there but then they will come back a week later. And I think I would in some ways echo Rupert’s comments, which is what we are seeing more is a little bit more short-term volatility in a world in which overall there is still quite a bit of strength. So a little bit more volatile than it was three months ago but overall, we are seeing great strength and continued growth across our fully distributed networks.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alan Gould with Natexis. Please go ahead.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you. I’ve got a question on a few of the transactions that you’ve discussed in the past. The U.K. land sale, is that going to occur this year? And if you can update us on the Russian outdoor and the U.S. TV stations -- is that on hold now that the private equity market is not there?
David F. DeVoe: I’m reluctant to give you this news on the land sale because we’ve been negotiating for two years, but I do think it is going to close before the end of June. That’s what I know today but I’m not going to give you any guarantees. I do think it is going to close before the end of June. On the TV station sale, we are on -- we are going through the regulatory process. All I can say is we talked to the buyers and they are committed to the buyers. We’ve talked to the lenders, they’re committed. So I think it’s going along reasonably well and with the approval process taking place hopefully sometime in the first quarter of our next fiscal year, and with regard to the Russian outdoor business, really it’s a slow process and we are continuing to work on it.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Rupert, if I could ask two questions, one about Premiere and the German TV market and your thoughts on whether that market is becoming more attractive for News Corp. It’s been a challenging pay TV market in the past, and if there’s any sort of maybe synergies between Premiere and SKY Italia. And then, over here in the U.S., are there -- if you look three to five years from now, do you think News Corp will still have a material local TV station business? I’m just curious how much value that still provides to the network. I realize it is a profitable business but just curious -- do you think that strategically still is a value asset for you guys?
Rupert Murdoch: On the latter part of that question, I think that the TV stations, it depends on how well they run. We are investing -- I’ll caution up a little bit but we are expanding enormously the amount of local news we do to distinguish our stations from the cable programming that’s their alternative. I think it is certainly essential or a huge help to our network. As for Premiere, we are going up to -- well, we’re buying in the market but there’s a limit a very little bit above where we are now before we go through a new regulated -- but we would like to stop actually and be on that board and have a look at that business from inside. It’s been through a lot of ups and downs and it’s just a fantastic market. Our people in Italy are extremely keen on our people in SKY, they think it’s a great business. All our experts -- and you know, think it’s a big opportunity but we’re just being a little cautious. We’d like to get inside that company for a few months before doing anything further.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Peter Chernin: Could I just add a comment on the station business, which is I think it’s important not to look at any one of those sectors in isolation, and I think we look at those stations, which I think are extremely well run and have gained significant market share in this quarter, which I think is a pretty good indication, but we look at them as part of an integrated television business and I think they have a positive impact on the network, they have a positive impact on our ability to grow 20th Century Fox Television, both as promotional platform for the shows and then ultimately as a buyer for some of those shows in syndication. They have a very positive impact on our interactions with the cable companies and our ability to get retransmission consent, either in the form of cash or in the form of additional cable carriage. They are meaningful for us in our local sports businesses. So I think you have to be wary of pulling out any of these things in isolation and I think looked at in the context of our global television business, or certainly our U.S. macro television business, you can see the overall growth in that television sector. And I think the stations are a big contributing factor in that.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Morris with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Morris - UBS: Thank you. Regarding SKY Italia, can you talk about the rationale for the promotion in the quarter, relative to your view of subscriber growth and opportunity in the Italian market? Should we view this as indicative of a more challenging environment despite the relatively low multi-channel penetration? And then also, assuming that you brought on more new customers than you actually booked during the promotion period, can you tell us how net new customers in the quarter compares to the roughly 136,000 net adds that you had in the quarter last year? Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: It was just a new promotion and a new form of promotion which we are testing. We now have to -- it’s over now but we have to stay with it and see how the new people that we have, are they going to stay with us, are they going to churn, how will they compare with people we’ve -- you know, subscribers we’ve acquired in other ways. And if it’s as good as we hope, we will certainly be doing a lot more of it. If not, we’ll move on to other promotions.
Michael Morris - UBS: So it’s not -- I guess your outlook for growth in the Italian market, I mean that’s 20% to 25% penetrated -- you still see plenty of opportunity there, that’s not indicative of that? Maybe you can just give a little commentary about that opportunity?
Rupert Murdoch: Yeah, I think we are absolutely going to continue to grow. You know, you’ve got a strange market there where you’ve got three so-so government channels and three owned by the Prime Minister and I think offering these alternatives, particularly with our news channel and everything, very important and very popular. We hear nothing but good comment and see more growth ahead of us.
Michael Morris - UBS: Okay, and then --
Rupert Murdoch: I mean, there’s no reason why we can’t get to BSkyB levels.
David F. DeVoe: And if you look at the third quarter, there was one other factor affecting the net subscribers in the quarter. You may remember this law was passed in Italy about a year ago that allowed our subscribers to cancel their contract, which is -- there was about roughly 20,000 subscribers under that law. But if you look at where we are currently, as I said in my opening remarks, we are up 29% in new subscriber additions as we start the last quarter of the year. So the business is not slowing at all and we are on target for a long-term matrix and profit.
Rupert Murdoch: That is correct.
Michael Morris - UBS: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks. I have a housekeeping one for Dave and then one for Peter. Dave, when you gave your adjusted EPS number of $0.30 for the quarter, what tax rate are you using and what should be the tax rate going forward for News, given all the moves?
Rupert Murdoch: Too high.
David F. DeVoe: Too high, yeah -- 37%.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thirty-seven percent? Okay and then for Peter, we’ve seen the deceleration in display at FIM this quarter and I wondered how much of the slowdown in display is maybe due to the broader market trends. Are you seeing anything on the market side, either on volume or pricing that could have driven possibly the slowdown?
Peter Chernin: Look, I think it’s hard to tell. I think that -- I think as I said in my comments, we look at this as a work in progress and we look at a lot of progress we are making across multiple fronts. I think the single biggest challenge which we are constantly grappling with is just a huge amount of inventory. And as you see us growing our business, this category has grown so rapidly between our own growth, which is sort of accelerating in terms of minutes and page views and users, and Facebook’s growth, that it puts pressure on our ability to raise CPMs because of scarcity value. But we continue to believe that we are making progress and we think the overall trends are quite positive. Maybe a little bit slower than we anticipated at the beginning of the year but overall, we see no reason to change our optimism about the business.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Alexander with JB Were. Please go ahead.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: Just one for Peter on FIM; given the costs of international expansion and your new applications and developing the new ad models. What do you see as a sustainable operating income margins for FIM over the next couple of years?
Peter Chernin: Well, I think it’s too early to say. I think one of the decisions we clearly made this year was not to take our foot off the accelerator in terms of growth. And so I think you’ve seen us continue to invest in international, where we’ve had remarkable growth across, I don’t know, I think we are in 20, 30 territories and all of them somewhere -- I think the oldest of them is only a year-and-a-half old and we are still growing our uniques and still growing our monetization. And you know, we’ve made a conscious decision not to slow that down in terms of short-term improving our margins. The same thing is true here in the U.S. We are continuing to invest in technology. We are going to invest in that MySpace music joint venture, which we think has a lot of opportunity. We invested in apps. We’re investing in new development tools for users. We’re investing in new homepage, et cetera, et cetera. So I think we could have clearly escalated our margin this year but we made a decision to continue to invest and we believe that’s the right strategy. We are seeing continued growth and it’s too soon to start milking this thing for margin right now. I think it’s much more important that we keep focused on growth, both internationally and in terms of tools and applications for users here in the U.S.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, a couple of questions. The first is if we go back historically to previous quarters, in 2Q08 your Fox News OI grew about 47%; in 1Q08 it more than doubled; 4Q07, it was up 41%; 3Q07, up 49% -- basically have to go back to 1Q07 to find sort of flattish numbers or anything below double-digits. So can you put that in the context of this quarter where Fox News grew OI 11%? Is there something going on? Is it inherent lumpiness? And can you also comment, just to clarify in terms of your new FIM target, it sounds like you are around the $900 million mark, but on the EBITDA side, were you -- is it 10% of the original range of -- or EBIT, rather, 10% of that original EBIT range? And I guess the last question is you guys have talked about pacings at the local stations over the past couple of months, I think publicly. Can you talk about have the pacings accelerated or decelerated since the last time you’ve talked about it publicly?
David F. DeVoe: On the Fox News, there’s no slowing, really. What we’ve got is increase in our cost in the current quarter for the election, for politicals. And you’ve got a little bit of -- when you look at the comparisons, we started a year ago the new affiliate rates and so you’ve got a little bit of that year over year, where the pace of our affiliate -- the growth rate on our affiliate revenue is slowing because we had some of it a year ago.
Peter Chernin: Let me state that slightly --
Rupert Murdoch: Well, the contracts are kicking in at different times.
Peter Chernin: That’s exactly right. The only lumpiness in growth in Fox News is that our first big affiliate contracts had kicked in this time last year and our next big new one is this summer when our Time Warner contract kicks in and then --
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: I see, so that could kind of reignite the OI growth?
Peter Chernin: We have Comcast at the end of the year. I think we have Charter and Cox in ’09 and ‘010. So the only lumpiness you will see in Fox News growth from an affiliate point of view is when the old contracts expire and that’s the only thing going on there. Overall, there’s continued growth. In terms of FIM, we’re not breaking out the specific numbers but as I said, our revenues were -- we will miss that original target by about 10%, and probably slow down a little bit on the EBITDA side but not because of lack of revenue; more just because we don’t want to take our foot off the growth accelerator, and so I think if we stopped investing in growth, we could move our margins back up to the previous levels. But right now, we are really focused on continuing to grow our revenues. We’d expect to be well over $1 billion next year and that’s our primary focus right now. The third question, which was on station pacings, while we are -- while we have not been breaking out monthly pacings, we are seeing a little bit of a slowdown in station pacings in the fourth quarter. Again, we continue to grow market share so clearly we have no doubt our stations are outperforming the market. But I think if you look at the overall advertising economy, which we talked earlier, still remains pretty strong on a national broadcast and a national cable level. It is a little bit slower on the local station side, particularly [in certain] geographic areas.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: But as you look, as you sort of look week to week over the past couple of months, do you find that the pacings have been decelerating or about the same, down the same stable? Or have the pacing declines accelerated?
Peter Chernin: What I would say is they decelerated a little bit at the beginning of the fourth quarter and we are actually seeing them pick up a little bit at the end of the fourth quarter and into the first fiscal quarter next year. So there is a fair amount of volatility in there and I wouldn’t say there’s any overall trends other than fourth quarter a little bit slower than the third quarter and picking up a little bit towards the end of the fourth quarter and the beginning of the first fiscal quarter.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks so much for taking all the questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Two quick questions; on SKY Italia, you hinted at the numbers but I was wondering if you could just give us hard numbers for the churn and the SAC in the quarter. And then a slightly longer term question -- when you think about the Netflixes and Blockbusters of the world, it seems like their role in the theatrical business is getting smaller. I was wondering if you look out three to five years if you see a point where, with some combination of VOD or hulu or something else where the economics may be superior for you to pursue some other mode of distribution. Thanks.
David F. DeVoe: I think the SAC for SKY Italia was about EUR240, which is pretty much -- this is Euros now -- in line with where we were, and I think the actual churn in the quarter, we had 185,000 gross subscribers, so 108,000 churned out.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Peter Chernin: In terms of movie distribution and changing vehicles, I guess the only general comment I would make relative to Blockbuster and Netflix is that we like the sell-through business much more than we like the rental business. We don’t have anything against it but in terms of margins for the studios, the sell-through business, whether that sell-through business is on electronic sell-through or DVD, is a higher margin business for us than the rental business, whether that rental business is on Blockbuster or on video-on-demand. So I think what you will look for us to do is consistently try and open new avenues of sell-through. I think the deal that we recently signed with Apple to put our movie titles on electronic sell-through I think was a significant deal for us. We worked a long time to get those economics right and we felt that those economics are right. We have other electronic sell-through, things that we have with Amazon, with various other web players and we will continue to look at those. We’ll certainly continue to play in the rental business, whether that’s physical goods rental or video-on-demand rental. But I think the big thing that studios should be focused on or that we are focused on is really margin -- much more margin than anything else and we have consistently over a 10-year period seen that there are much higher margins for us in the sell-through business than there have been in -- regardless of what delivery device you use, than there are in the rental business.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: Thanks. I’ll keep it to just one question, but it might be a little long-winded; so this has to do with the company newspaper strategy and in particular your interest in Newsday, given what you talked about in your prepared remarks, so I think we all obviously understand that the goal was to consolidate, or the goal is to consolidate the back office of the Post with the back office of Newsday to increase profitability of the Post. However, it would seem an expensive way to improve profitability of the Post and moreover, since neither appears to fit into your longer term content strategy, wouldn’t it be a more prudent move to divest the Post? And keep in mind this is coming from an avid Post read. Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: No. If we succeed with this bid, which we are still very hopeful of doing, it will improve our cash flow by $100 million a year.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: But wouldn’t it be dilutive to like --
Rupert Murdoch: No, that’s not dilutive.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: No, to the long-term growth rate of the company. I mean, those assets do grow slower than your core growth rate.
Rupert Murdoch: We don’t think so. We think that this is a great market and this will give us a very powerful position in that from which to grow.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: Operator, before we take the last call, let me just say that this is the last earnings call that Craig [Fallantine] will be with News Corp as a VP and I know that many of you have worked with Craig very closely and will join me in wishing him the best as he goes on to his big new job at Discovery. And with that, let’s take our last question.
Rupert Murdoch: He just can’t stand working for Gary any longer.
Peter Chernin: Maybe we should let Craig take the last question.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Tuna Amobi from Standard & Poor’s.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: I guess the first question is for Rupert -- where do you see the mix of Dow Jones online revenues growing? I think you are probably at a 40% range today, so how do you see that shaking out in the next couple of years? And the other question perhaps for Peter -- I think given that Fox News has been traditionally benchmarked to CNN, which has significantly gained on ratings recently, do you think that is something that might affect your upside with the affiliate renewal conversations that you are having now?
Rupert Murdoch: I did say our online revenues at Dow Jones, I mean, this is what it’s about, is electronic delivery of information, I expect that we will at least double our revenues and do a lot more than that to our profit margins online. I would just add one more thing to that, that the actually subscription rate for the print Journal is a lot less than half that of The New York Times, and we intend to put that right between that and online rates and online expansion, we can see improvements in revenues of hundreds of millions of dollars. This is a business which has been under managed or not managed for decades.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: So let me just make sure I get that correct; when you say double the revenues, you expect that as a proportion of Dow Jones’ total revenues, that online revenues would approach what percent?
Rupert Murdoch: Online revenues will be a lot more than 50% -- probably 60%, 70% of total revenues.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Normalized, right? Okay, great.
Peter Chernin: As for Fox News, despite some very clever advertising by CNN, Fox News continues its dominance. We have had our ratings increase over the prior year. I think we are up 9% in total day, up 10% in Primetime. I believe we are still probably double their ratings. That’s not an exact -- we can get you the exact number but I think it’s --
Rupert Murdoch: Monday to Friday, we are at least double. Weekend, they get closer to us.
Peter Chernin: And I think if you look at, probably most importantly, if you look at all cable networks overall, we are the number four rated cable network in primetime, CNN is number 13, MSN is number 27. So despite some clever advertising, we remain still the dominant news source. We would expect that to grow as we go into the general election and we don’t see any impact whatsoever. I think if anything, it’s pretty hard for me to imagine any affiliate, any cable operator saying we don’t want the number four cable network, and we have certainly seen any indications.
Rupert Murdoch: It couldn’t be doing better, even Mr. Wolfson, Mrs. Clinton’s manager, has said that our fair and balanced position has made it definitely number one. And they only watch Fox News.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Okay. I’m not going to argue that. Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: And on that note, why don’t we go to the press part of the call, please?
Operator: The first question from the press will come from Kenneth Lee from Reuters. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Lee - Reuters: There’s been reports that talks with Yahoo! have cooled and Peter, you mentioned that News Corp is quite comfortable with MySpace as a standalone entity. So can we read that there are no more discussions with Yahoo!?
Peter Chernin: I think saying talks have cooled probably overstates them. We have regular conversations with everyone in the space. I’m not sure I would ever characterize them as talks and the important thing is to reiterate what I said, which is we will always look at strategic options but we feel very comfortable with our current positioning in [one area] of the web.
Kenneth Lee - Reuters: Have there been any discussions with Microsoft at this point, since they’ve disengaged from the Yahoo! talks?
Peter Chernin: No, I guess I’d say the same thing -- we’re not in discussions with Microsoft. We talk with everybody in the space but there are no discussions with Microsoft.
Kenneth Lee - Reuters: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of Seth Sutell from Associated Press. Please go ahead.
Seth Sutell - Associated Press: Just a follow-up or two on The New York Post; could you confirm what’s the current loss rate at the paper, and is there any anti-trust issue pending in terms of owning the post as well as Newsday and the Journal, or is the main regulatory issue on the FCC side with TV station renewals?
Rupert Murdoch: There is no issue anywhere. We don’t have any overlap, or at least it’s less than 7% with Newsday and we are certainly not going to disclose our loss -- current financial performance on -- and haven’t done in the past and won’t in the future. What was the other part of that?
Seth Sutell - Associated Press: It was the anti-trust question, if there was any --
Rupert Murdoch: The anti-trust question -- no, there’s no possibility of anti-trust with Newsday. As far as the FCC, that’s something which will be handled when our licenses come up for renewal on TV and we are very confident that we will get through that, even if we have to go to court.
Seth Sutell - Associated Press: One more follow-up, if you don’t mind; some consumer groups have come out with concerns about consolidation of media ownership in the New York market, and I saw that there was a -- and congress has also, some members that have been vocal about media consolidation. Is there any response you have to those sentiments?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, I’d like them to take a little look around the Internet.
Seth Sutell - Associated Press: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of Shira Ovide with The Wall Street Journal.
Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal: Thanks. Let me just ask the question in a little bit of a different way -- what is your level of interest in deals with Microsoft or Yahoo! or with AOL, for that matter?
Peter Chernin: I don’t think we have any level of interest. I think that we would respond accordingly to any propositions that we though did or didn’t make sense to us. But we are not sitting around saying this is of interest to us or not of interest to us. We are prepared to have any strategic conversation that we think does or doesn’t make sense.
Shira Ovide - The Wall Street Journal: And does that mean that as with Microsoft, there’s no discussions ongoing with Yahoo! or AOL?
Peter Chernin: I have not had a conversation with Yahoo! or AOL in a couple of weeks.
Rupert Murdoch: Nor have I.
Peter Chernin: So no, I would say there are no ongoing discussions.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of Gillian Wee from Bloomberg. Please go ahead.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: I just want to pick on that a little more -- what are your thoughts on the consolidation of the Internet companies? Do you think Microsoft will need to buy Yahoo! to compete with Google? And also on the SAG front, the American Federation of Radio and Television Artists rejected a SAG request to postpone talks a third time. Are you going to seek a quick agreement with AFTRA to pressure SAG into compromising on the DVD residuals and pay-per Internet work?
Peter Chernin: I have no comment on whether Microsoft needs Yahoo!. I think you should [ask Microsoft]. You know, it’s interesting and fun as a bystander, but whether it’s necessary for them, I think that’s their question, not mine. As for SAG or AFTRA, we’re not going to seek a quick deal with anyone. We are always -- we have been very consistent in our positioning, which is that we are anxious and eager to find fair deals that serve the industry as a whole well, that appropriately and [inaudible] reward talent for the work they do and yet at the same time allow companies to stay economically viable in the current environment and more importantly to participate in new media and to participate in potential growth areas without constraints that would otherwise restrict us. And that was certainly our strategy with the writers and our strategy with the directors. It is our strategy with the one deal we made with AFTRA. It was certainly the strategy we had when we went into negotiations with SAG and unfortunately, we weren’t able to successfully complete those negotiations this week, and it’s the same strategy we will go into the after negotiations with today and tomorrow. But we are not seeking anything quick. What we are seeking is fair deals for everybody, ones that treat talent fairly but also allow there to be a healthy industry in which everyone, both talent and companies, can continue to prosper.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: Okay. Could you talk about the future for the Internet consolidations? What are you looking at?
Peter Chernin: I don’t -- you know --
Gary Ginsberg: I think you already answered that question, Peter.
Peter Chernin: I don’t know what I’m looking -- I think we’ll see what happens.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question, Operator.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of Thomas Meyer from Newsday. Please go ahead.
Thomas Meyer - Newsday: Yes, regarding Newsday, why did you decline to increase your bid for Newsday after Cablevision put up a higher cash offer? Do you consider your current $580 million offer to be part of a binding agreement with Tribune’s Sam Zell? And do you see any possibility of raising your bid if Cablevision looks like it will prevail?
Rupert Murdoch: No, I don’t think Cablevision will prevail. Just be patient for a couple of days, will you? We are certainly not in the business of getting into an auction here.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of Dade Hayes from Variety. Please go ahead.
Dade Hayes - Variety: Since we’ve talked a lot about newspapers on this call, I thought it was worth just getting your latest sentiment about reports linking the company to The New York Times potentially. I know you are obviously focused on other things right now but any thought on that?
Rupert Murdoch: Yeah, I’ve never read such nonsense in my life. I mean, it’s obviously illegal and we don’t have any ambitions there.
Dade Hayes - Variety: And actually can I follow-up real quick on the SAG front? Just operationally, I was wondering about operating in this potential strike environment, because you spoke more about the negotiations as opposed to the financial impacts.
Peter Chernin: Well look, I think it’s a shame that we weren’t able to come to an earlier agreement with SAG and I think the unfortunate ramifications are that it’s difficult for anybody to start a movie at this point. You won’t see any movies start now because they might be potentially interrupted by a strike. And I think in an industry that has already weathered an extremely devastating striker earlier this year, you know, the onset of what is essentially a de factor actors’ strike is I think a really bad thing for an industry. And certainly we have endeavored to try and get and keep the talent back to work and we would love to make fair deals for everybody concerned as soon as possible, so that we don’t have this de facto slowdown which we are already in the midst of on the movie side.
Dade Hayes - Variety: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of George [Silino] from The Hollywood Reporter. Please go ahead.
George Silino - The Hollywood Reporter: Peter, I was wondering if you can explain a little bit more what kind of films, what types of movies we could see out on day-and-date from you guys, day-and-date VOD. You said you would be very selective there. Any kind of color on what kind of movies could work for you guys on that front?
Peter Chernin: No, not really. I think we are going to experiment and we will try different genres and different categories and see the results and see what impact it has on DVD sales. But I don’t have any sort of specific template on what will or won’t be day-and-date.
George Silino - The Hollywood Reporter: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of Andrew Clark from The Guardian. Please go ahead.
Andrew Clark - The Guardian: Rupert, I just wondered if you could give us your reaction to the independent committee at Dow Jones or at the Wall Street Journal which claimed that the letter and spirit of the independent’s deal had been breached over the resignation of Marcus Brauchli.
Rupert Murdoch: Well, naturally we don’t agree with them at all. We stuck absolutely to that and it was up to Marcus to go to the committee and he chose not to, if he wanted object in any way. And he is staying with the company. He’ll have an office in here. We’re looking forward to making great use of his counsel.
Andrew Clark - The Guardian: Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: I’ll just say this -- we are very actively engaged in a search both inside the company and outside the company for a successor and to be able to move forward as quickly as we can. And we are naturally keeping this committee fully informed as we go along.
Andrew Clark - The Guardian: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of Stacey Kramer from paidContent. Please go ahead.
Stacey Kramer - paidContent: Just wondering at this point, what’s the value of keeping Fox Interactive Media and MySpace together? Why not just have MySpace and do something else with Fox Interactive Media or dissolve it? Why does MySpace need to be part of it, other than to make all of its money? I mean, I didn’t mean that to sound flip, but --
Peter Chernin: I don’t think it’s -- I’m not quite sure the nature of the question but ultimately, if you look at certainly what we just did in the advertising side, we keep trying to have these things run as efficiently as possible. Fox Interactive Media is largely just a corporate construct o organize some of our holdings and to help us manage them, but MySpace is run independently. It now sells its ads independently, builds its features independently. And you know, we organize our businesses in what we hope and trust is the most efficient way possible.
Stacey Kramer - paidContent: So Fox Interactive -- I mean, having MySpace’s numbers really -- looking at Fox Interactive Media’s numbers, we’re really looking primarily at MySpace’s revenue, correct?
Peter Chernin: Well, I think MySpace we’ve said repeatedly is clearly the dominant revenue generator but there are important other businesses inside of there, whether it’s IGN, which is growing nicely, Fox Sports, which is a leader I sports, Photobucket, et cetera. I think that -- look, we’re trying to organize and run our business efficiently and we certainly don’t think that there are any negatives to MySpace to be organized inside of this larger thing and some benefits in terms of joint buying of technology, joint buying of spectrum investments, et cetera, you know, utilizing of some corporate staff and function. So we think it’s organized well and we will consistently keep an eye on it.
Stacey Kramer - paidContent: And the last thing on that, the decentralization of the ad sales, is that going to put you further behind for a little bit in achieving your goals, does it hold things back?
Peter Chernin: We think actually it will accelerate us because I think one of the things it allows us to do is to more closely align the building of features with monetization of those features, and I think particularly as we learn more about how social networking works and we learn more about building new applications, building new features, building things like MySpace TV or the music joint venture or new iterations of the home page, it allows those people who are in product development to be essentially next door to the people who are responsible for monetizing those developments. And essentially what we were looking to do was cut out a layer in between. And so not only do we think it will slow us down, we think it will actually accelerate our ability to do that.
Stacey Kramer - paidContent: Thanks.
Operator: We have one further question. That is from Ellen Yan from Newsday. Please go ahead.
Ellen Yan - Newsday: I’m going to tell Sam Zell that you answered reporter questions and he didn’t, so thank you.
Peter Chernin: I’m sure he’ll be pleased to hear that.
Ellen Yan - Newsday: What’s your strategic vision for a combined New York Post/Newsday operation, and also for future ventures with Tribune?
Rupert Murdoch: We, on both scores, we see the Newsday continuing to be a very important local newspaper covering two of the greatest counties in America, and wealthiest counties in America. And the Post covering basically the City of New York and being a paper with a very different character. We are not putting them into the one newspaper, but there are great savings in printing and distribution and of course, normal back office functions. There’s a lot we can do together and we will pursue that and see. We’re very optimistic for both papers.
Ellen Yan - Newsday: When do you think that this deal might be wrapped up? Because you told Steve Levy a couple of weeks ago that it would be two weeks.
Rupert Murdoch: No, that was only one-and-a-half weeks ago. We’re hoping to wrap it up within the next week, and I don’t mean the end of next week. I mean within the next seven days, but it takes two to agree but we are at a pretty advanced stage. I’ll just leave it at that at the moment.
Ellen Yan - Newsday: Well, I was also curious about -- I guess part of that led to your decision to stand firm on the Newsday bid then? Because you know, maybe Zell is close to making a decision and it might be you, Rupert?
Rupert Murdoch: I trust Mr. Zell absolutely. He’s famous as being a man of his word and we think everything is in hand.
Ellen Yan - Newsday: Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you. Operator, I think that concludes the call for today. Thank you very much for joining us everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today’s conference will be available for replay beginning at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time today and running through Saturday the 17th at midnight. You can access the AT&T replay service by dialing 1-800-475-6701, international participants can dial 320-365-3844, entering the access code of 918409. Again, those numbers are 1-800-475-6701, international 320-365-3844, and the access code of 918409. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T’s executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-02-04 21:45:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Director Rupert Murdoch - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Peter Chernin - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Michael Morris - UBS Adam Alexander - JB Were Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Alex Pollak - Macquarie Research Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Kit Spring - Stifel Nicolaus Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder
Media: Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News Jane Schultze - The Australian Peter Ryan - Australian Broadcasting Network Kenneth Lee - Reuters Joshua Chaffin - The Financial Times Merissa Marr - The Wall Street Journal Shera Ovita - Dow Jones George Silino - The Hollywood Reporter Stacey Kramer - paidContent Jesse Hogan - The Age Newspaper Seth Sutell - Associated Press
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by. We do appreciate your patience today while the conference assembled and good afternoon. Welcome to News Corp announcing their second quarter 2008 earnings release. (Operator Instructions) With that being said, let’s get right to this second quarter agenda. Here with our opening remarks and to introduce the executive team is Executive Vice President Mr. Gary Ginsberg. Happy New Year, sir, and please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you, Brent. Happy New Year to you. It’s nice to have you back on our call. Thank you very much to all of you on the call and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2008 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of News Corp.; Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. As is our custom, Dave will begin the call with a brief summary of the results, focusing on items not immediately obvious from the reading of the earnings release. Rupert will then give some general commentary on the quarter followed Peter, who will talk about the durability of some of our key growth drivers. And then, as Brent told you, we’ll take your questions. Today’s call is of course governed by the Safe Harbor provisions. On this call, we will make statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in any of the public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements. Finally, please note that certain financial measures we will use in this call, such as EPS and net income, are expressed in a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude other net in the second quarter of fiscal ’07. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation is posted on our website on our investor relations earnings release page. And with all that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
David F. DeVoe: Gary, thank you and good afternoon, everyone. As you’ve seen in today’s earnings release, we are continuing the strong growth trends we reported in the first quarter. For the second quarter of fiscal ’08, we are again reporting record results. Revenues up 10%, operating profit up 24%, earnings per share adjusted for BSkyB’s ITV write-down, and the [Fox] gain up 12%. Nearly all of our operating segments reported double-digit earnings increases. The results were led by excellent performances at our television cable SKY Italia and Fox Interactive businesses and was achieved despite absorbing approximately $100 million in incremental losses related to growth initiatives such as Fox Business Channel, Big 10 Channel, start-up television operations in Turkey, Poland, and Serbia. Now, given that you all have the details contained within our earnings release, I’d like to provide additional context on the recent performance of just a few of our businesses. Our film segment’s operating income was $403 million in the quarter. This is a great result, even though down from a year ago. I want to remind you that the year-ago results were the highest ever for the film segment, reflecting the DVD and theatrical successes of such blockbuster releases as Ice Age 2, X-Men 3, Borat, and Night at the Museum. So despite this difficult financial comparison, we had a very solid result this year, reflecting strong home entertainment releases, including The Simpsons Movie and the most recent Die Hard film. We had the pay TV availability of previous hits, including Night at the Museum, Borat, and Little Miss Sunshine. And additionally, we expect good results for the rest of the year as the yet-to-come from the theatrical release in the quarter of Alvin and the Chipmunks and Juno. At our television segment, second quarter operating profit more than doubled above the year-ago levels despite station earnings, which were down compared to last year, primarily from a 90% reduction in political advertising. The strong growth in the television segment largely reflects substantial improvement at My Network TV -- this is from lower programming cost -- and very strong profit growth at the Fox Broadcasting Network from increased ratings and ad pricing for both our entertainment and sports programming, reduced post-season baseball programming -- as most of you know, we no longer air the divisional play-offs -- and from lower program cancellations and marketing cost. It should be noted that the writers’ strike did not have any material impact on the quarter’s results and we also expect political revenues to improve as we head towards the November election. Moving on to the cable networks, again here we had very strong growth at this segment -- a 23% improvement in operating profit to $337 million. This is an especially strong result when you consider the inclusion of total start-up losses of roughly $50 million for the Big 10 and Fox Business channel launches. The largest year-over-year gains were from the Fox News channel and this reflects new affiliate deals and higher advertising sales. The RSNs as well reflects affiliate rate increases and subscriber increases. The international channels from advertising and affiliate increases, led by our Latin American and European channels. The segment result also includes the consolidation of National Geographic channels which were not consolidated a year ago. At SKY Italia, again another strong financial performance. With local currency revenues up 12%, operating income of $62 million, this is a $74 million improvement from the last year and this marks the first time we achieved second quarter operating profit at SKY Italia. The financial improvements are driven largely by net subscriber additions of 400,000 over the last 12 months. This results in 4.43 million subscribers at the end of the quarter. SKY acquired 189,000 net new subscribers in the quarter. This is down slightly from year-ago levels. And year-to-date, SKY has added 233,000 net new subscribers and this is 16% ahead of the net new additions in the same six-month period a year ago. SKY’s churn in the quarter was below last year’s level and is on track to achieve an annual churn rate of around 10%. Our ARPU for the quarter was EUR45. This consistent with a year ago, and SAC of approximately EUR270 in the quarter was roughly in line with last year. You can see, given these healthy metrics, it’s quite clear that SKY is on track for delivering another strong year of earnings growth. At our newspapers and information service segment, they also reported a strong quarter with operating income of $196 million and this is up 15% over the second quarter from a year ago. This segment was previously referred to as newspapers. This now includes all of the Dow Jones businesses. However, the second quarter included only two weeks of Dow Jones operations, reflecting its mid-December close and therefore there is virtually no operating income contribution in the quarter. At our Australian newspapers, they reported a 14% increase in operating profit with advertising revenues up 7% in local currency terms, and this is driven by ad growth across most key categories and by higher classified advertising and employment advertising. The Australian marketplace continues to prosper. Our newspaper properties are benefiting from the solid economic conditions there and we look forward to continued growth in our papers in the next quarter. In the United Kingdom, underlying advertising circulation revenue trends, they are relatively flat compared with a year ago although our earnings are down, primarily reflecting the final quarter of accelerated depreciation on our printing plant that we will retire in the third quarter. The project is nearing completion and we should start to see some of the savings associated with a more efficient operations in our fourth fiscal quarter. At our other segment, we generated an operating profit of $23 million. This is a $22 million increase from the second quarter a year ago. This improvement, it’s primarily due to the strong growth at Fox Interactive Media and it’s offset in part by start-up losses related to our Eastern European TV initiatives. FIM’s total revenue in the quarter of $233 million was up 87% from the same quarter a year ago. This is primarily due to search and advertising revenue growth at MySpace. Of the total FIM revenue, $62 million was from our search deal with Google. Ad revenues of FIM increased 43% versus last year and 31% from the first quarter. Operating profit for FIM was $47 million, as compared to a loss of $11 million in the same quarter a year ago. So the growth -- profit growth, rather, reflects the revenue increases and lower management retention amortization, and it’s offset by our continued investment in the cost base and expansion of this high growth business. Finally, just a couple more points -- you may have noticed that we just raised the annual dividends on our News Corporation class B shares by $0.02 to $0.12 a share. This equalizes the dividend on the class B shares to that of the class A shares, which is consistent with the requirements of our reincorporation to the United States back in late 2004. And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2008. Three months ago we reiterated an expectation of operating income growth for fiscal 2008 to be in the low teens. This guidance excluded the gain expected from the sale of property in the United Kingdom as well as any results from the Dow Jones acquisition. Based on our actual results to date and on the assumptions inherent in our projections, we are raising our guidance as we now expect our operating profit growth for fiscal 2008 will be in the mid-teens range. Note that this guidance is like-to-like as it continues to exclude the land sale gain and Dow Jones results. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rupert.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon, everyone. Today’s headline [is like] this: News Corporation just posted the highest operating income quarter in the company’s 54-year history, a result all the more remarkable given we incurred significant start-up costs launching new business during the quarter, and completing the final phase in our expenditures, putting in a new huge United Kingdom printing presses. So we are very satisfied and pleased with our financial and operating strength, though of course, we are never content. But we are comfortable enough with our momentum to raise our guidance for the year, as Dave just indicated. And I feel even more comfortable about our longer term growth prospects after spending the past seven weeks working intensively with our newest acquisition, the Dow Jones Company. We always suspected from afar that Dow Jones, properly leveraged as part of a larger global media company, had boundless potential and if possible, I’m even more excited about its prospects now than in the [preceding] month leading to our takeover. Forty-nine days is not enough time to get a perfect picture of a company but I am happy to share with you a few early observations. First, I am tremendously impressed with the quality and potential of the assets we’ve acquired at Dow Jones. While we are still in the early days of our stewardship, we are already deep into finding ways to expand and strengthen the company’s flagship paper, The Wall Street Journal. We are launching a luxury lifestyle magazine in September that will initially reach more than 800,000 people, and we are looking at ways to broaden the paper’s readership and advertising by augmenting its editorial content to feature more political, international, cultural, and general national news. As good as the paper already is, and it’s one of the best in the world, we still think there is opportunity to make it better, to make it more urgent, more accessible, more relevant to a wider audience. We’ve already initiated several changes in its look, beginning with today’s redesign of the front page and more changes in the works. We think these changes will enable us to attract more readers and more advertisers at more attractive pricing, allowing us to outperform the general newspaper industry. As much as we know, we can improve the paper’s financials. We see the greatest growth opportunity is really in our ability to strengthen Dow Jones’ online assets. It’s there where we are spending our most concentrated time and where we think we can achieve exponential growth with several new initiatives. Like the paper itself, we expect to add more free content to the online journal. This month, we made of its opinion articles available for free, stories from personal finance, politics, and the business of life, as well as the Journal’s blogs and videos, will be made available to non-subscribers. But the bulk of the Journal’s core business coverage will remain behind the subscription wall and the exclusive intelligence service for serious business people and investors. This will allow us to broaden our global reach while increasing subscription revenue to make the online Journal the most profitable subscription based financial site on the Internet today. The Journal has also started working closely with Fox Properties to share video, news, and business content. We’ve begun exploring printing and delivery of synergies to the Journal and New York Post operations and between News International and Wall Street Journal in Europe. And of course, [we knew there would be] efficiencies between Dow Jones and News Corp to realize the tens of millions of dollars in savings we always anticipated. So as I said, I’m more bullish than ever. There’s greater opportunity to innovate and to grow and significantly bolster the future of one of the world’s most venerable institutions. It’s an exciting and energizing mission and we are only beginning. Now I know the big question on all of our minds, besides how Eli Manning was able to elude that sack and hit Tyree to set up the big Giants game-winning touchdown, is the resilience of the United States economy. Actually, before I talk about the economy, let me just say a word about last night -- the most watched Super Bowl in history, the most watched TV show in 25 years, and the second-most watched show in history -- a night when the Fox Network and television stations generated more than $250 million in gross revenue, the biggest day in our company’s history. And to top it off, a game for the ages, a night that couldn’t have gone better for us. Clearly though, we’re facing potential challenges in our economic environment, ever challenging and for how long, no one knows. What is certain, however, is how better positioned we are than any other media company to weather whatever comes. Just look at the last quarter. Despite some softening in the overall economy, we posted extraordinary numbers, a powerful sign that our businesses are durable and positioned for the longer term. The reasons are three-fold; first, we put major effort over the past 10 years into rapidly developing our subscription businesses, including building out our cable channels, whose mix of revenue is now far more heavily skewed to affiliate revenue than advertising. Second, we’ve expanded internationally, including into such potential high growth markets as Eastern Europe, Turkey, and Indonesia. And third, we’ve invested smartly in the media where we think the greatest growth potential lies, including social networking and other online extensions of our mature businesses. The result -- today we are structurally a more sound company with significantly lower exposure to the vagaries of the advertising markets. In fact, today, less than a quarter of our revenues are dependent on the American television advertising business. And given our geographic and product diversification during this same period, we are no longer as dependent on the strength of any one market or medium. For instance, previous subscription driven businesses that didn’t even meaningfully exist in the last recession, SKY in Italy, and the Fox International channels are now major growth drivers for the company. SKY in Italy is rapidly becoming the profit and cash generator we envisaged when launching this business back in early fiscal 2004 and with pay TV penetration at only 20% in Italy, the subscription driven contributions from this business are still in their infancy. The Fox International cable channel business is also in rapid expansion mode, with organic growth and the consolidation of new businesses generating an incremental $74 million in operating income in just the last six months. Another key to our unique positioning, Fox Interactive Media, is experiencing accelerate operational and financial momentum, demonstrated by its 87% revenue growth and $58 million profit improvement in the most recent quarter compared to a year ago. These results add confidence to our $1 billion revenue and 20% margin targets for this business this year. So we are very pleased with the progress we are making at FIM, which should have much more growth ahead. So overall, the company is in great shape. Our growth drivers our durable, our structure is sound, our management is stable and superior, and our future bright. And with that, I’m happy to turn this over to Peter who will spend a few minutes on the performance of some of our entertainment businesses.
Peter Chernin: Thank you, Rupert and good afternoon, everyone. You’ve heard about our results and our resiliency -- thank you, Rupert and good afternoon, everyone. I’m sorry. I think the mic was off. You’ve heard about our results and our resiliency. Now I’d like to take a few minutes to offer some perspective on a few of our biggest growth drivers. Let’s start with the Fox Broadcasting Company. With last night’s historic results, the Super Bowl extended Fox’s lead for the season among adults 18 to 49 to nine-tenths of a rating point over our nearest competitor. And I’d like to point out that’s the largest lead at this point of the season for anyone in 10 years, since the 1997-98 broadcast season, and probably the largest percentage lead in a far longer period. Even without the Super Bowl, we would still win this season handily. We are the only network up year-on-year. We were up 9% in our ratings even before the Super Bowl, and this will mark our fourth consecutive year as the number one network among adults 18 to 49. Now I think this speaks to the strength and diversity of our programming -- sports, scripted series, and reality. We have -- we are in the middle of what I think is probably the best sports lineup in broadcasting history. Already this year we have had the World Series, the Bowl Championship Series, the Super Bowl, and coming up we have the 50th running of the Daytona 500 and the final Major League Baseball All-Star Game to be played in Yankee Stadium. We’ve also had a great season with established scripted hits. House is now the second-highest rated scripted show among adults 18 to 49 on television, growing its ratings year-on-year. The same can be said for Bones and Family Guy, which are also both up year over year. And our reality fare has also performed extremely well. We launched a new series, The Moment of Truth, two weeks ago. It was the highest rated premier on any network in almost a year among adults 18 to 49 and of course, American Idol remains by far the most valuable show on television. It returned for its seventh season last month with ratings more than 60% greater than any other series on television, except our own moment of truth. The strength and depth of our reality programming, along with a full slate of our animated series and several upcoming scripted series premieres, gives us an arsenal of programming that will allow us to stay strong and dominant throughout the spring and summer. Now, I know that there are concerns about the health of the ad market but we here at Fox have not seen any weakness to date. Pricing remains very strong for both entertainment and sports. We have low cancellations on all of our upcoming commitments. Given the strength of our ratings, we are not in a make-good position, so we are able to capitalize on the current strong scatter market. In fact, our advertising revenues of the network last quarter were up double-digits year-on-year. And regardless of what happens to the ad market in the months ahead, our consistent ratings success will allow us to capture a lion’s share of the available ad dollars. Now, our network is not the only place where advertising continues to be strong. We also had double-digit ad growth across our cable group, led by Fox News Channel and continued expansion in our international cable channels. And ad growth is only part of our cable success -- affiliate revenues were also up double-digits. Now, clearly a chunk of that came from our Fox News renegotiations but we also had double-digit growth at our RSNs, Speed Channel, Fox Movie Channel, and Fox Soccer. At the same time, we continue to expand our reach internationally. This past quarter alone, we launched nine new channels, including two each in Italy, Portugal, and Turkey. So we have plenty of momentum on both the affiliate and advertising side which will allow us to deliver strong growth throughout the remainder of ’08, even as we absorb spending on our two newest channels, the Big 10 Network and Fox Business Network. Turning to FIM, we are starting to see real progress on the advertising front as advertisers are beginning to understand and see the value of social networking. Now, I know there were some concerns following our first quarter when we admitted we got off to a slow start, but we have unquestionably gained our momentum, both operationally and financially. No place is this more evident than the response we’ve gotten to our advertising targeting initiative. We launched our enthusiast targeting initiative during September, dividing our audience into 10 core segments, from movies to autos to fashion to finance, et cetera. And each segment represented somewhere in the 3 million to 5 million people range. Interestingly, some of our most popular segments thus far have included fashion, consumer electronics, videogames, and financial services. These are segments where advertisers historically have shied away from MySpace and where they are now embracing the opportunity to reach a targeted audience for their products. We’ve now grown those original 10 enthusiast segments to more than 750 targeted segments. For example, we moved from a general sports segment to targeted things for things like the New York Giants or soccer or archery, et cetera, and each segment has at least 10,000 people. Thus far, over 100 advertisers have begun using this feature and the results have been overwhelmingly positive. Some campaigns have achieved as much as a 300% click-thru lift with no campaign seeing less than a 20% improvement. ECPMs are up close to 50% and advertisers using this targeting are spending twice as much as those not yet participating. We expect to expand the 750 target segments to over 1,000 segments by July, further offering advertisers a wide array of choices for their brands. But it is not just our targeting initiatives which have helped us regain our footing. We are very excited about our involvement with Open Social as well as our own effort to open the MySpace platform to external developers. And it demonstrates how we embrace the widget ecosystem and supports our belief in establishing standards that foster innovation. Given our scale, we provide the largest and most attractive platform for developers and we think we’ll be a home for innovation in social network applications, and it positions us to reap the rewards from new concepts that our user-base desires. We are also excited about the ad opportunity from our self-serve initiative. This will launch in beta this quarter and focuses on display ads for small businesses that they can create themselves, a market which is typically under-served. Currently, we believe we have around 10 million small businesses that have MySpace profiles and we think this provides a unique advertising opportunity for us. So clearly we’ve regained our momentum at MySpace and we are fully on track to hit our targets at FIM. Finally, let me talk briefly about the success of our film business. I think a lot of people felt that we weren’t going to be able to maintain our momentum in film but we just delivered the fourth highest quarter in the history of our film segment. Now, I know some concern exists over the future of DVDs, but we’re not seeing this business fall off a cliff by any means. In 2007, as an industry, sell-through spending in the market was down only about 2.7% and spending on new releases was actually up. As a company, once again we outperformed the market and did better than that. If you deliver quality films that audiences enjoy in the theater, you should still see strong sales on DVD and that’s certainly what happened to us Simpsons, which I think was the best converting title among all studios in the fourth quarter, and Die Hard, and again what we are expecting from our upcoming theatrical hits Alvin and the Chipmunks and Juno later this year. And speaking of Alvin and Juno, I think they are representative of how we run our studio -- maximizing returns on individual projects rather than chasing market share. Alvin was made for a fraction of the cost of a typical CG animated film and yet it’s passed more than $200 million domestically and more than $200 million internationally. Even stronger from a margin perspective is Juno, which we produced for under $10 million in budget and has now generated more than $110 million in box office, actually making it the highest grossing Fox Searchlight film ever. We expect this strong theatrical run to continue, given its slate of Academy Award nominations, including the nomination for Best Picture. Both of these films will be extremely profitable for us as they complete their theatrical runs and enter the DVD window later this fiscal year. We also expect an up-tick in 2008 from the sale of Blu-Ray DVDs, now that Warner Brothers has announced its exclusive support of the format. Consumer spending on Blu-Ray DVDs should grow to over $1 billion in 2008 and with higher margins for us. Additionally, we’ve recently announced two steps that will allow us to expand the digital exploitation of our movies. First, we started adding digital copies on our DVD discs, allowing consumers to move a digital copy of the film straight from the DVD to their PC and portable devices. And second, last month we announced a new video-on-demand deal with Apple’s iTunes. So while we are keen on protecting our lucrative DVD business, we are also mindful that consumers are changing their habits and we need to provide them with access to our product in whatever manner they desire. So overall, with the network, cable, FIM, and our studio all performing strongly and fueling our ongoing growth, we continue to have positive momentum across the company. And with that, Rupert, Dave, and I would be happy to answer any questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Jessica Reif Cohen, Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. How about one initial topic, on the Internet, a two-parter -- could you discuss any interest that you may have in Yahoo! and any structure that may include? And on Google’s call, they cited poor monetization from social networking. What are you or you and them together doing to improve monetization?
Rupert Murdoch: I’ll just start and Peter can follow, to say we are definitely not going to make a bid for Yahoo!, and Peter might like to elaborate on that but we’re not -- we’re not really interested at this stage.
Peter Chernin: I don’t think there’s anything to elaborate. We’re not making a bid. I think Rupert said it pretty succinctly. In terms of the Google call, I didn’t hear that call but a couple of things I’d like to point out. First of all, clearly our revenue from Google is guaranteed, so that’s not a particular issue for us. Secondly, the assumptions on which that deal were made always suggested that Google expected the deal to reach break-even towards the latter part of the three-year period and for the deal to function as a loss leader during the early period. So I think their performance is no surprise. That being said, we are regularly working with them to continue to improve their performance. We think they are an important partner to us and we want to see them continue to grow their revenue and that has all sorts of things -- you know, it’s trying to do a better job monetizing the data, it’s -- we’re constantly looking at the placement of the search box on the page, the size of the search box, where we deliver the ads, how to get higher click-thru rates. And I would say that we have a very positive working relationship and to be fair, I think an improving working relationship over the past year with Google. So we are working together. We’d like to see them improve their results and we expect -- but it is important to note that deal, from their own modeling and certainly what they told us, they expected it to reach break-even towards the end of the deal, not right at the beginning.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Is there any way they can back out of this contract?
Peter Chernin: No.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Peter Chernin: That was three questions, Jessica.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: One topic.
Peter Chernin: Yeah, but it wasn’t one -- you’re supposed to ask one question.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: Michael Nathanson, Sanford C. Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Peter, I have one for you -- one topic -- this was the most profitable second quarter in broadcast TV for you guys as far back as our model goes. So I wondered, in light of your revenue position, do you think we’re at a sustainable pace for Fox profits? And then, in light of the strike, what kind of costs can you take out? What kind of costs can you take out and when will that be seen?
Peter Chernin: Well, I think first of all, there were costs that came out, that have come out of the first six months of the year but most of them are not strike related. They tend to be more sports related. We had some -- [a bit of abandonment] here before, et cetera. We do think there are more -- I think you’ll start seeing some costs coming out, not out of our volition but you know, we clearly haven’t made pilots yet. We’ve had fewer scripted series because we started running out of episodes during the strike, so more costs will come out. But look, long term I think the key to the business, we are not looking to cost cut our way to success into the network. We are committed to continue to grow our revenues and that’s the most important thing and we’ll do that by putting on the best shows we can and continue to grow our ratings. And while we had a good cost side on the network, I think the much more important thing is the growth in our ratings and the growth in our CPMs, particularly the sports business. I think that’s what we are happiest about on the network side in the first half of the year.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, and can you just tell me how much was -- was network up this quarter, in terms of network revenues ex baseball?
Peter Chernin: Were network revenues up in the second quarter?
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: How much were they up ex baseball?
Peter Chernin: I don’t have a breakout of how much they were up ex baseball but you know, we had higher ratings and higher CPMs, so -- no, I think they were up somewhere in the range of about $50 million on the entertainment side.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much. So I think a four-part single question -- I think in the last call you mentioned that you wanted to rebuild your cash position, get some of your asset sales done before you would consider more aggressive share repurchases. And given the operating momentum you laid out, your stock on the A shares was now under 20, I’m curious where you stand on the concept of share repurchases and deployment of capital. Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: Well, we have three negotiations. We’ve completed negotiations for the sale of a small number of television stations for $1.2 billion. That will take six or seven months to close because of all the usual regulatory matters and we’re certainly not going to spend it before we see it.
David F. DeVoe: I think we’re really in the same position we were at the last call because we’ve completed the asset sales but [they haven’t closed yet].
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: I guess the question is at what price do you get more aggressive repurchasing shares?
Rupert Murdoch: It will depend on what opportunity is around. You know, a great opportunity may be in the shares, I think they are a great opportunity now but who knows what bargains will be around in the next six months. We’re not committing ourselves at this stage.
David F. DeVoe: No, I think we’re in the same place we were with regards -- I mean, long term we’re committed to buying back the stock. But where we are in this call, we’re still in the same place and given the current financial situation with respect to markets and debt markets, we’re waiting to close on these asset sales that we’ve announced and after we’ve done that, we will reevaluate where we are.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Operator: Rich Greenfield, Pali Capital.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: A question on MySpace; you made a comment about what its search revenues were. I’m trying to understand, what is the mix currently between search and display revenues for MySpace on a global basis? And then just a housekeeping question for Dave -- in terms of Nat Geo, you mentioned it was consolidated for the first time. Can you just give us a sense of why it ended up being consolidated and how much that added from an operating profit, revenue and operating profit to the quarter?
David F. DeVoe: Well, I would say on the first question search represents between about a quarter and a third of FIM revenues, most of FIM revenues are MySpace. So the rest of it is a mix of both display and performance advertising, but that should give you a sense of what the size of search is. And Nat Geo was consolidated because we now control the operations, both internationally and domestically. And Rich, we’ve roughly -- I think you asked revenues and operating profit -- $125 million of revenue approximately, and approximately $35 million of operating income in the quarter.
Rupert Murdoch: Thirty-eight, I think.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Thanks so much.
Operator: Jolanta Masojada, Credit Suisse.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. Just following up on the FIM story, can you talk about the international/domestic mix of revenues at FIM right now and the international rollout of MySpace? Because right now, Facebook seems to be doing much better in overseas markets.
Peter Chernin: Well, I think that in terms of MySpace advertising, no, I think it’s probably about 85% domestic and around 15% international. And we are continuing to -- you know, I think you’re seeing Facebook grow in certain markets although I don’t think they are growing nearly as quickly as we are from a monetization point of view. And we continue to see good strong growth internationally and are pleased with our progress and are continuing to make investments and continuing to improve the user experience.
Operator: Spencer Wang, Bear Stearns.
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a quick question for Dave on the guidance; so you guys have grown EBIT about 24% through the first half. I guess with your new guidance, I guess that implies EBIT growth in the second half of the fiscal year in the high-single-digits, I guess. So could you just shed a little bit of light on the growth dynamics in the back half? Thank you.
David F. DeVoe: Yeah, I think what you have in last year, we will have tough comps as we go in the second half of the year on the film company. We had a different comp -- our comps at Fox News will get tougher because our first contracts started to come in with the new affiliate rates in the last half of the year. And we have continued spending and investment spending for both Fox Business and the Big 10 Channel, neither of which we had a year ago. So those are the dynamics.
Operator: Anthony DiClemente, Lehman Brothers.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much. Turning to some of the older economy assets, to the newspapers, which I think is more than 20% of your business. It does seem as though, especially on the international side, that your publishing and newspaper businesses have faired better than the U.S. businesses. I’m just wondering why that is and if that’s sustainable. Does that speak to your Internet presence on some of the national papers in the U.K. and Australia, or is it less exposure to real estate or classified? And then, how do you think of that in terms of a global slowdown and exposure to international non-U.S. advertising? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: I think our newspapers, with one or two exceptions, are not major -- don’t have major classified revenues. And in Britain, we’re dominant in every -- it’s very competitive. We’re dominant in each section of the market and our revenues there are strong and good. I wouldn’t say that they couldn’t be better but they are fine and in Australia, they are going gangbusters. The economy is great and that was really the home run in Australia. Next, from now on, of course, we’ll have gone through our special write-offs and the change of all of our printing arrangements in Britain and that should also get better. As for the U.S., the Post is very small but we are probably the only newspaper that is up in revenue. We’re up 9% so far this fiscal year, so we’d like it to be better but that’s pretty good. And these figures don’t take account of anything for the Wall Street Journal but our present pacing is that we’re down a little bit in January and we appear to be making budget or ahead of it in the next two months. And Dow Jones generally, which is not included in any of our forecasts, we’ll be a bit better than they were last year. And a lot of savings will be coming through but some of those savings we’ll be spending on expansion.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: That’s just -- pre the any purchase price amortization that we might have, the true operations of the business?
Rupert Murdoch: Yeah, that’s purely operating.
Operator: David Bank, RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could give a quick update on strategy and progress for My Network?
Peter Chernin: The My Network, while we are still losing money and frankly losing money at a pace that we’re not satisfied with, we do think we’ve made a lot of progress. We’ve taken a lot of costs out of the business and we’ve seen our ratings grow significantly. And so we had budgeted to improve pretty significantly this year over last year and we are actually outperforming our budget quite a bit. I think we want to see the advertisers begin to catch up with the improved ratings and we’d like to see some more ratings progress but certainly in this quarter alone, for example, we had about a $30 million reduction in program costs and still managed to deliver significantly higher ratings than we had been with the old formats. So we are on the right track. The right track is going faster than we expected but not as fast as we’d like and we’ll keep the pressure on it and get it back to break-even.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Michael Morris, UBS.
Michael Morris - UBS: Thank you very much. Can you provide us with an update on the writers’ strike talks and maybe just give a little color on why the directors were able to negotiate and avoid strike and the writers still seem to be dragging on? Also, in terms of television, do you think that this could be a catalyst for change in terms of things like the up-front, rolling up the seasonal at one time in the fall? Or would you expect things to go back to business as usual if this gets resolved? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: I don’t really have much to add to the writers’ strike negotiations. We are under a press blackout but I am optimistic and I think we are having positive discussions and I am optimistic that we will get to some resolution. The directors, you know, I can’t speak to -- you’d have to ask them as to why we were able to get a deal done more quickly with them. In terms of -- you know, we are certainly examining every part of our business, although to be honest we were examining every part of our business before the strike. I think you are not going to see Fox abandon the up-front. We believe the up-front is a valuable way to interact with our advertisers and a valuable platform to interact with our advertisers and frankly, from a marketer point of view, is a good opportunity for them to plan their spending in advance for the year. So we think it’s a valuable part of the process for both sides. We have been looking at our scripted development process. We were moving towards probably making fewer pilots and trying to get some waste out of that system before the strike and we’re continuing to look at that. But you know, I would say that sure the strike may be a catalyst but we’ve also been exploring and reevaluating all parts of that business on an ongoing [basis], as I think is only appropriate.
Michael Morris - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Adam Alexander, JB Were.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: Good afternoon. I’ve got a question on Fox Business Channel. Can you just give us an update of how the channel is performing versus your expectation so far? Has there been anything in the initial months that’s surprised you on the positive or negative side?
Peter Chernin: I’ll go first and maybe Rupert, you can pick up. I think the performance of the channel is right on track. It’s exactly where we would expect it to be. I guess the only thing I’d say personally is that I think to start a 24-hour channel from scratch, I think the programming is probably a little bit stronger than I would have expected six months ago. I think it’s been a great achievement to be able to put up that quality program right from the get-go. You’re beginning to see them scoop the competition on various things, so I think I would say qualitatively probably better and quantitatively, exactly what we expected.
Rupert Murdoch: The only figure I’ve seen financially is that we are losing a little less than we budgeted for, capital.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: And just on the new channels, Big 10, are you any closer to signing up any more carriage for that one?
Peter Chernin: You know, look, we’re in conversations but I don’t know if we’re any closing to signing up. We continue to believe that it’s a very, very strong product. Our ratings are extremely strong and as we are in basketball season right now, more frequent, we’re on more nights a week. And we know the performance in the satellite homes and cable homes that are taking us and the telco homes that are taking us is very strong. And so we believe that people will ultimately see the wisdom and the value of taking this channel but we’re not closing to announcing something.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: Thanks.
Operator: Ingrid Chung, Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good afternoon. Could you talk about trends in engagement at MySpace among tenured users? You know, perhaps people who have been on MySpace for at least a year or more? And what kind of things can you do to increase that engagement?
Peter Chernin: Well, I don’t have a lot of specific statistics in front of me. In general, we find that people who have been on a year or longer actually get more engaged. They have more friends, they’ve gotten involved in more different aspects, they customize their pages more, they’ve added more bands, et cetera, et cetera. So in general, we think the trends grow over time and users become more engaged. And I think in terms of increasing that, I think the opening up of the platform to the Open Social thing, starting to put on a lot new social networking applications will only increase that. We think it will make the sort of ecosystem richer, more interactive, have more features on there -- not only the features we develop and the things we add, but opening up to outside developers to do that. So I think that will only increase that engagement.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Alex Pollak, Macquarie Research.
Alex Pollak - Macquarie Research: Thanks. A great result, gentlemen. Just a quick question; what do we expect on the closure of DIRECTV and what is the holdup there? When should we expect that to close? And number two, I know you are seeing no impact from the sub-prime thing, but I guess my question is typically it does take a little bit of a lag. Do you think it might be a 2009 issue or is that a bridge too far right now?
Rupert Murdoch: It has taken far too long. It’s certainly not been our fault and we expect to have closure very soon.
Peter Chernin: The second part of the question was what?
Alex Pollak - Macquarie Research: Just typically it does take a little bit of time for the financial market issues to roll through into actual slower advertising revenues and volumes. Do you think that that might be a 2009 issue for you or is it too early to call?
Peter Chernin: First of all, it’s hard to predict. We’re obviously mindful and obviously diligent looking for signs and we’re certainly examining our cost structure aggressively to make sure we are well-positioned. But beyond that, we haven’t seen -- you know, we’ve seen a little bit of exposure in some markets that have been particularly hard hit by sub-prime foreclosures, et cetera, some of the local markets. But on a national basis, we’re not seeing the signs but we’ll be diligent and pay attention if we start seeing them. But right now, business seems pretty strong.
Operator: Jason Bazinet, Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Thanks so much. Over at SKY Italia, I think Media Set recently launched some new programming packages and I was just wondering if you could comment on how, if at all, you expect that to impact SKY Italia's results? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: We don’t see any impact at all at this stage. We watch any competitive move very, very carefully but we’ve not slowed down at all.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Kit Spring, Stifel Nicolaus.
Kit Spring - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you talk about where you are with Fox News affiliate fees, how much more opportunity there is to renegotiate prices on other cable systems? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: I don’t think we have the opportunity to increase by the same percentage that we’ve done in Fox News but certainly these things are under rolling contracts and we normally get increases when we get to renewals. Is that right, Peter?
Peter Chernin: Yeah, I think on Fox News specifically, I would guess we are somewhere in the neighborhood of about a third of the way in terms of number of subs that are paying the new sub fees, and that the remaining two-thirds, we would expect to roll in at similar -- obviously the same kind of rate increases over the next three years or so, the remaining two-thirds. And there are reasonably a constant stream of expirations and there will be renewal negotiations as those deals expire.
Kit Spring - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you.
Operator: Benjamin Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good afternoon. Rupert, you talked at the outset about the Journal and Dow Jones and the investments there, and online being a key to the growth story. Can you talk a little bit about the decision to keep the core content pay? What is behind that, if that is still something that you are thinking about changing down the road? And in terms of staffing and technology infrastructure at the Journal, is there a lot of investment that needs to be done ahead of it and how does that investment level sort of compare to the cost saving opportunities you see at the papers, now that it’s part of the News Corporation?
Rupert Murdoch: I think as far as online goes, the fact is that those items, those matters that are basically commodities and that you can get free elsewhere, or those subjects, that will be in our new wider, more open online service. But we have unique financial information. It is clearly of tremendous value to people and we think we ought to charge for, the same as everybody else does. And as we open new niche online sites, some of them will be extremely valuable and we expect it will take -- you know, this is not going to happen in the next three months but we are having talks with a lot of financial institutions who seem to be welcoming this approach and we are hopeful that over the next couple of years, we’ll have major increases in revenue in the enterprise group.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And in terms of the spending ahead of you in the near-term, in terms of investing in either the staff levels or the technology assets, the infrastructure at the paper versus the cost savings? Is that sort of a push or do you expect to see --
Rupert Murdoch: Well, you have paper and price increases coming through I think in the next year. No, we’re doing things -- you talk about savings, for instance, we’re just making changes in our -- it’s a small thing, our printing in Colorado, a lot of which we are moving to Utah. It’s going to save a fortune in transport. The actual closing down of our plant and the changeover may cost $2.5 million. We expect to get it back in 12 months. Equally in -- we’re going to move, we hope -- we’re in negotiations. I shouldn’t preempt them, with a Tribune company and Gannett and others to be printing in more places at certainly no increase in cost but getting a much better product and a much later edited product to all our subscribers.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Tuna Amobi, Standard & Poor’s.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Thank you very much. I guess I wanted to first clarify one of the numbers I heard from Rupert on the call, $250 million for the Super Bowl related advertising. I guess the first question -- presuming that does not include MySpace, and if I can confirm that that number, that Super Bowl is a substantially beyond break-even operation, that would be helpful. And to my real question would be on the recent appointment of James to head international operations. I was hoping perhaps Rupert could share with us the top three priorities that he’s been mandated to focus on and perhaps, given the success that he had at BSkyB, I was hoping that perhaps Rupert can address some of the core transferable skills that he brings along to News Corp to benefit News Corp’s shareholders. Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: Well, I believe that we are very lucky in the people we have and that we are uniquely good at sports broadcasting. The $250 million yesterday, that was for the television network from really start up in the morning until we closed after the episode of House in the evening. It was an all-day, all evening effort but still a very big one. But was it profitable? Certainly. How profitable, I couldn’t tell you.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Okay, but --
Rupert Murdoch: Not that much, probably --
Peter Chernin: And just on the network. It did not include our television stations or MySpace or anything else.
Rupert Murdoch: Right, right.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Any quantification of those ones as well, just to get a ballpark?
Peter Chernin: No, we don’t have all those numbers in yet.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Okay, then. And the other question?
Rupert Murdoch: The qualifications James brings -- pretty smart and a great deal of experience in Asia and he’s done a tremendous job, I believe, and he’s -- and the directors certainly believed at BSkyB. So we’re extending his responsibilities.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Can you perhaps share with us his priorities, his top priorities over the next year?
Gary Ginsberg: We need to -- you asked a couple of questions. We’re going to move on to the last question. We need to get to the press.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: All right.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you very much, Tuna. Brent, just one more question from the investors and then we’ll go to the press, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Alan Gould, Natexis Bleichroeder.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you very much. Rupert, could you comment on the premiere investment and what you see happening in the German market, please? And some of us longer investors have lived through a premiere before, so what’s happening?
Rupert Murdoch: Exactly. We’ve lived through it before and that’s why we’re doing very carefully, but we do feel there may be an opportunity there and we took a relatively small investment so we can have the opportunity to study it carefully without being preempted by somebody else. But it is the third greatest economy in the world and it doesn’t have any real pay TV operator.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much, Mr. Gould. Ladies and gentlemen, members of the financial and analyst community, we are welcoming you to stay onto the call but that does conclude your Q&A session for today. Next we’ll move directly into members of the media that are joining us today. Gillian Wee, Bloomberg News.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: Just wondering what kinds of acquisitions you are considering this year and how big they’ll be. Also, when you anticipate the writers’ strike to be resolved.
Rupert Murdoch: I’ll take the first piece and say that we are not considering anything of any significance at this moment. But we’ll see what comes along. We won’t do anything that won’t be synergistic and add to the long-term prospects of the company. Historically, we’ve done better with start-ups than with purchases.
Peter Chernin: I’m not sure -- I don’t have anything in terms of anticipating a date when it’s going to be over. We are working hard to try to see if we can come to a resolution and I hope as soon as possible for everybody’s sake.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: Thank you.
Operator: Jane [Schultze], The Australian.
Jane Schultze - The Australian : Hello, Mr. Murdoch. Lachlan Murdoch is obviously making a bid for Consolidated Media in Australia, along with James Packer. The competition regulator has said it’s going to look to see whether or not News Corp is involved in that at all. Could you comment on that deal and whether or not News Corp is involved?
Rupert Murdoch: Not only are we not involved, I’m pretty ignorant about it.
Jane Schultze - The Australian : Do you think it’s going to change the way news will operate with Consolidated Media in the future?
Rupert Murdoch: Change what?
Jane Schultze - The Australian : Change the relationship between news and Consolidated Media -- would they work more closely --
Rupert Murdoch: No, this is a -- they are talking about a 25% interest in something that someone else has 75% of, if you’re talking about the Consolidated press piece.
Gary Ginsberg: Next question, please.
Operator: Peter Ryan, Australian Broadcasting Network.
Peter Ryan - Australian Broadcasting Network: Mr. Murdoch, you made a point in the earlier analyst briefing there about the U.S. economy and you mentioned that you felt that it was resilient. But I was wondering if you could outline to us your concerns about the U.S. economy and whether or not you think that the current interest rate cuts we’ve seen from the U.S. Federal Reserve will avert a recession or a consumer-led recession in the United States.
Rupert Murdoch: I think we’ve got a long way to doing that, and as well as the package that’s coming out of Washington. But this is an extraordinarily resilient economy. We still have 95% full employment and you can see from our businesses that things are pretty good.
Operator: Kenneth Lee, Reuters.
Kenneth Lee - Reuters: I would like to know if you can make a finer point on Yahoo!. If not an outright purchase, are you interested in some sort of transaction, possibly with a partner?
Peter Chernin: I think we’ve been pretty clear that we are not interested, we’re not bidding, we’re not looking at it. I’m not sure there’s anything else we can really say at this point, Ken.
Kenneth Lee - Reuters: I’d like to follow-up; if AOL comes up for sale, would you be interested in some sort of transaction for that?
Rupert Murdoch: That’s an even easier question -- no.
Operator: Joshua Chaffin, The Financial Times.
Joshua Chaffin - The Financial Times: Following on from that, if you could just give any more color on what kind of impact a Microsoft/Yahoo! pairing might have on your business?
Rupert Murdoch: What kind of influence it might have? None.
Peter Chernin: We’re not going to really comment on that. Sorry.
Operator: Merissa Marr, The Wall Street Journal.
Merissa Marr - The Wall Street Journal: I just want to ask one other follow-up question on Yahoo! -- you held some talks last year with Yahoo! about possibly combining MySpace and Yahoo!. Is that something that you could still pursue?
Rupert Murdoch: I think that day has passed but you never know. We never really had -- talks is an exaggeration. There was some references to it, social meetings but that was about all. And that was with the previous chairman.
Operator: [Shera Ovita], Dow Jones.
Shera Ovita - Dow Jones: My question has been answered. Thanks.
Operator: George [Silino], The Hollywood Reporter.
George Silino - The Hollywood Reporter: Thank you. Gentlemen, I was wondering -- is there anything you are trying to do business wise with the looming recession, even if you think the economy is pretty resistant and resilient? Anything you can do to strengthen your operations right now in case we do slump into a recession?
Rupert Murdoch: No, we think we’re running the company pretty well. We can always do better and we are trying to but we are not going to -- we are running a pretty slim operation and we are not going to turn around fire hundreds of people just for safety’s sake.
Operator: Stacey Kramer, paidContent.
Stacey Kramer - paidContent: I was wondering if you could address the situation with Jamba right now and where you think that’s headed.
Peter Chernin: I think that so far, business is pretty stable and I think the main thing there is we just announced last week the hiring of a new CEO, Mauro Montanaro, from Nokia. I think he’s been in the job about four days now, so we are expecting results from him next week.
Stacey Kramer - paidContent: Do you think that the European focus is going to help Jamba?
Peter Chernin: Well, I think the company was European-focused when we acquired it and the European mobile market has been more developed but we would also like to see the company expand more into the U.S. and more into other markets. I think it evolved out of Europe but we’d like to see it evolve to a wider geographic focus.
Stacey Kramer - paidContent: Thank you.
Operator: Jesse Hogan, The Age Newspaper.
Jesse Hogan - The Age Newspaper: Thanks for that. Mr. Murdoch, if your son Lachlan’s takeover bid for Consolidated Media in Australia succeeds, his company would share some investments with News and compete with News in some other areas. Would that produce [inaudible] on the New Corp [inaudible]?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, if there is any conflict at all, the board will certainly face up to that. But we don’t anticipate or see that at all. In the two areas where we would be associated, which is Fox News and Fox Tel, News Corp has clear contractual management control.
Jesse Hogan - The Age Newspaper: Could there be any synergistic benefit about having I guess an ally on the board? Would you see Lachlan as that?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, there’s no conflicts there and we never had any conflicts when it was just solely Mr. Packer and we don’t see any conflicts with Lachlan on the board. These are management -- it’s really about management. We appoint the management and they answer to our management in Australia, so -- that’s not -- I would hope it would be a very friendly relationship and continue to be.
Operator: Seth Sutell, Associated Press.
Seth Sutell - Associated Press: Hello. Two quick ones, please. Could you guys supply anymore detail on the settlement that you reached with Judith Regan? That’s one. And the second one is Rupert, you mentioned earlier that the hold-up with the DTV closing was not anything from your side. Could you give us some more detail about what exactly is holding up that deal, please? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: Certainly we’re bound not to say anything about the Judith Regan settlement. But -- no, it was -- I think probably I better not say anything but it was at the Justice Department, which took quite a long time to come through. It’s now at the FCC.
Seth Sutell - Associated Press: Okay, thanks.
Operator: If time allows, we do have a follow-up question. Peter Ryan, Australian Broadcasting Network.
Peter Ryan - Australian Broadcasting Network: Mr. Murdoch, you mentioned earlier that you thought the Australian economy was going great, and you might have even used the word gangbusters in relation to Australian operations. But are you aware that the Australian Government is facing, or the reserve bank in Australian is facing challenges on the inflation front and while rates are being cut in the United States, they are on the rise here in Australia. Are you concerned about the impact of the rising interest rates scenario in Australia?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, it certainly doesn’t affect us directly. If they are trying to slow the economy down, they could be doing that. Domestically, I think it would be very hard on people. The price of food is rising, the price of gasoline is rising, and these are world things which have nothing to do with the Australian economy. But I’m not an economist and I’m certainly not an expert on the thinking of the Australian Reserve Bank. Sorry not to be more helpful.
Operator: With that, Mr. Murdoch, Mr. Chernin, our host panel, I’ll turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you all for joining us. If you have any questions, feel free to call us in New York tonight.
Operator: Very good and thank you, gentlemen, for your time today. We do appreciate that. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Murdoch is making today’s call available for digitized replay. It’s for two full weeks starting at 6:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time February 4th all the way through 11:59 p.m. February the 18th. Please access AT&T’s executive replay service by dialing 800-475-6701 and at the voice prompt, enter today’s conference ID, 906723. Internationally, you may access the replay as well by dialing 320-365-3844, again with the conference ID of 906723. And that does conclude our earnings release for the second quarter. Thank you very much for your participation as well as for using AT&T’s executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-11-07 21:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs David F. DeVoe - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Director Rupert Murdoch - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Peter Chernin - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse Jonathon Jacoby - Banc of America David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Adam Alexander - JB Were Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s Imran Khan - JP Morgan Kit Spring - Stifel Nicolaus Heath Terry - Credit Suisse Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder Michael Morris - UBS Alex Pollak - Macquarie Research
Media: Ken Lee - Reuters Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News Stacey Kramer - Gate Continent Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times George Sivali - The Hollywood Reporter
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the News Corporation first quarter 2008 earnings release. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce the News Corporation Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs, Mr. Gary Ginsberg. Please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you very much and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2008 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of News Corp.; Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. As is our custom, Dave will begin the call with a brief summary of the results, focusing on items not immediately obvious from the reading of the earnings release, which I hope you all have at this point. Rupert will then give some general commentary on the quarter followed by a more extensive discussion of our focus and successful efforts to transform the company to the digital age. We’ll then take your questions. Today’s call is of course governed by the Safe Harbor provisions. On this call, we will make statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements. Given our pending acquisition of Dow Jones, this call may also contain discussion regarding our agreement to acquire Dow Jones & Company. We urge you to read the registration statement and proxy statement filed by the transaction participants with the SEC, as they contain important information about the transaction. Any discussion regarding the transaction on this call does not constitute an offer or [solicitation] to buy or sell any securities and any offer of securities will only be made in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. Finally, please note that certain financial measures we will use in this call, such as EPS and net income, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude other net in first quarter of fiscal ’07. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation is posted on our website on our investor relations, earnings release page. And with all that, Dave, it’s all yours.
David F. DeVoe: Thank you, Gary and good afternoon, everyone. As you have seen in today’s earnings release, we are off to a great start in fiscal ’08. With the first quarter operating income growth of 23% over the first quarter a year ago. This strong performance was driven by 19% revenue growth, with film entertainment, cable networks, and Sky Italia all reporting significant profit increases. And while our net income of $732 million for this quarter is below the $843 million reported a year ago, this is principally due to last year’s inclusion of $428 million in other income resulting primarily from the sale of our interest in Sky Brazil and Phoenix. Excluding these gains, net income increased 30%. Earnings per share for this quarter were $0.23. This is down from $0.27 reported for the first quarter a year ago, and excluding last year’s other income gain, earnings per share increased by over 28%. Given you all should now have a copy of our earnings release, I am not going to run through the financials for each of our business segments. However, I would like to provide context on the recent performance at a few of our businesses. Our film segment operating income was $362 million. It’s up $123 million in the quarter, or over 50%. This very solid performance was driven by the strength of the theatrical results from The Simpsons and Live Free or Die Hard, as well as higher contributions from television and film home entertainment titles, including Aragon, Night at the Museum, Family Guy, and Prison Break. At our television segment, first quarter operating profit of $183 million declined slightly from last year. With solid profit growth at the Fox Broadcasting network and STAR offset by lower station contributions and by a full quarter of losses at My Network, where we expect to see significant improvement for the remainder of the year. Stations earnings declined 9% compared to the first quarter a year ago, as higher primetime Fox station revenues were more than offset by greatly reduced political revenues and lower contributions from the My Network stations. At our cable networks, we had a 16% improvement in operating profit to $289 million. This is a very solid result considering the fact that this result includes the inclusion of start-up losses of $33 million in the aggregate at the Big Ten network and the launch of our business channel. This is offset in part from the consolidation of National Geographic international results. The largest year-over-year gains were from the Fox News channel new affiliate deals and from the RSNs and growth at our international channels. Sky Italia also continues to deliver strong financial growth with local currency revenues up 11% and operating income of $48 million. This is a $61 million improvement from last year. This marks the first time we have achieved a first quarter operating profit at Sky Italia. The financial improvements are largely driven by net subscriber additions of 410,000 subscribers over the last 12 months, resulting in 4.24 million subs at year end. There were 195,000 gross new subscriber additions in the quarter as compared to 150,000 last year. Net new subscriber acquisitions in the quarter were 45,000, which compares very favorably to the 3,000 net subscriber additions in the first quarter a year ago and that quarter was affected by last year’s soccer scandal. Sky’s churn in the quarter was below year-ago levels and is on track to achieve an annual churn rate of around 10%. On last quarter’s earnings call, as you may remember, we told you about a new Italian law introduced last April allowing subscribers to cancel at any time with just 30 days notice. The initial effects of that law, which spiked churn in the last quarter of fiscal ’07, appear to have subsided. In fact, we renewed approximately 94% of the 1.7 million annual contracts that expired in the quarter. ARPU for the quarter was approximately EUR39. This is consistent with a year ago, and SAC was favorable in the quarter, declining to approximately EUR250 from the EUR330 level we reported in the first quarter a year ago. And this largely reflects this quarter’s lower aggregate marketing spend spread over a higher number of gross additions in the quarter. At our newspaper segment, the underlying operating trends are better than a quick look at the reported operating income results would indicate. Reported operating income of $93 million for the quarter declined $31 million from a year ago. This is largely due to an incremental $70 million accelerated depreciation and costs related to our older printing facilities in the U.K., as our new plants now will come online earlier than planned. These incremental costs will substantially subside by the third quarter of this fiscal year. Regarding the underlying newspaper segment results, advertising trends in the United Kingdom were relatively flat, with higher color display offset by declines in classified. Our Australian newspapers reported a very good result, with advertising revenues up 8% in local currency terms, driven by display advertising growth across most key categories and by higher classified employment advertising. Finally, looking at our other segment, losses at our other segment of $43 million improved by 41% from the first quarter a year ago. This is primarily due to improved results at Fox Interactive Media, offset in part by start-up losses related to our Eastern European broadcast initiatives. FIM’s revenues in the quarter of $188 million were up roughly 80% from the same quarter a year ago. This is primarily due to growth at MySpace. Operating income for FIM was $4 million, which reflects our continued investment in the business to support its growth, as well as higher acquisition related management retention and amortization costs, and Rupert will talk more about that in a moment. Finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2008. Three months ago, we indicated an expectation of operating income growth for fiscal 2008 to be in the low teens. This guidance excluded the gain of approximately $140 million expected from the sale of property in the United Kingdom, as well as the Dow Jones acquisition. Based on our actual results to date and on our assumptions inherent in our projections, we remain comfortable with this expectation for fiscal 2008. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rupert for some additional comments.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon, everyone. Once again, another very strong quarter, during which we grew our operating income 23%, an exceptional -- in fact, a record result on its own. It also marks the fourth consecutive quarter with year-over-year operating income growth of high teens or better, and our growth far outpaces that of any of our competitors. This despite spending to expand our cable and television portfolios and greatly upgrading the color capacity at our newspaper group. These continued robust results demonstrate how the company is well-balanced and well-positioned for a prosperous future. Our unique structure provides the resiliency to continue to grow even in periods of uneven economic growth. Unlike many of our peers, News Corporation is a truly global company, operating a diversified collection of international businesses, generating nearly half its consolidated revenues outside of North America and holding market leading positions in emerging economies. We have major standalone businesses leading their markets in India, Australia, Italy, United Kingdom, and Latin America; smaller or developing assets in China and throughout other regions in Asia, Western and Eastern Europe, and significant revenues from international distribution arms of U.S.-based film, television and book content businesses. All told, these operations generate just under 50% of our consolidated revenues. You will see us continue to expand internationally, as we are this year with additional free and pay TV channel launches and expansion of MySpace in more markets. Not only does this diversification provide earnings stability but we expect it to provide above average financial growth. We are also operating in many markets with economies in earlier stages of development or growing at a different pace than that of the United States. In addition to the advantages of international diversification and expansion, our revenue streams are derived from numerous types of business activity and are not overly dependent on one source. I know there is concern about potential U.S. advertising weakness. Given the size of our company and its businesses, we clearly have exposure to it. However, less than 45% of our total company revenues are derived from some form of advertising. [inaudible] include international advertising as well as coupons at in-store marketing, only about 23% of or company revenues are dependent on U.S. television advertising. Nevertheless, despite our lessened exposure, advertising at News Corp remains as strong as ever. [Scatter] is up by strong double digits. Pacings are up in the mid single digits and we are currently 95% sold on Super Bowl ads at up to $2.7 million per unit, pacing far ahead of previous years. Our station group continues to enjoy overall record market share, and our print businesses, all market leaders, are showing continued resilience in competitive environments. At a time when pundits are heralding the demise of newspapers, all of our newspaper groups are reporting year-on-year revenue growth. For instance, the Wall Street Journal print revenues were up 7% in October and online revenues were up 30%. As Dave just outlined, much of the company’s growth for the most recent quarter came from one of our developed assets, Fox Filmed Entertainment, and from two of our developing assets, our cable channels business and Sky Italia. The revenue drivers for these developing businesses are more in our own control, not the markets, with the lightest gains coming from subscription growth. We are confident they will remain key sources of organic growth for the next several years. Clearly we are positioning and investing to seize the opportunities of operating in a global society that’s becoming increasingly dependent on digital media, where destinations like MySpace are becoming essential to our way of life. When I was in Silicon Valley, I went to a conference a couple of weeks ago, the excitement that you could feel surrounding MySpace was infectious. It’s become so much more than a social network. It connects people, but it’s evolved into a place where people are living their lives, a social platform packed with search, video, music, telephony, games. And having the chance to spend time talking with the innovators and leaders of the tech world made it even more clear to me there are no limits to continuing that extension, to building, expanding, and monetizing MySpace and our dozens of other smaller sites. Just last week, MySpace joined forces with Google to launch Open Social, an open platform for social application development, a move that underscores our commitment to fostering innovation in an increasingly social web. Essentially, Open Social will create a de facto standard for social networking, enabling developers to write a widget to a single standard and gain immediate distribution to 200 million homes. And we just announced a new initiative this week; Self-Serve by MySpace, the first ever ad platform to offer customized tools for small businesses to create and target display ads to their desired customers in a social media environment. There are 23 million small businesses in the United States and less than 1 million advertise online. With Self-Serve, we hope to bring that new class of advertisers to MySpace. But even with this environment, there’s been a lot of chatter lately about MySpace’s ability to maintain its leadership position in the evolving world of social networking and it’s ability to truly monetize it’s vast audience. I am more convinced than ever that any fear is misplaced. Just look at the numbers. Nearly one in every four Americans is on MySpace. We are the most trafficked site in the United States. Last month, we delivered over 45 billion page views, which represented nearly 10% of all page views on the Internet. Three-hundred thousand new users around the world join MySpace every single day and we grew our unique users during September, up slightly from August, and up nearly 23% from the same time a year ago. With more than four years under its belt, MySpace is seeing a stable and steady growth curve consistent with any market leader. What is changing is the marketplace. The space as a whole is growing and developing. As it continues to mature, there is plenty of room for other platforms and what we need to do is ensure that our user experience remains unique. Obviously MySpace’s most talked about competitor is Facebook. While it has grown rapidly over the past several months, it is still only 45% of MySpace in terms of the unique users and about 33% in terms of page view. Every MySpace unique user spends over three hours monthly on the site. Competitors are not cannibalizing our audience. For instance, according to Nielsen Online, in the U.S. 74% of Facebook’s users are also active on MySpace. Most importantly, the two platforms are very different in the user experience. MySpace is a place for self-expression, where users’ MySpace pages become their home on the Internet. It is where they discover people, content, and culture -- where they share information, communicate, and consume. Facebook, on the other hand, tends to be a web utility, similar to a phonebook. And MySpace users are extraordinarily engaged. It is this engagement we are translating into stronger advertising dollars. Display advertising revenues for our first quarter at MySpace were up 32% versus a year ago and we expect this to increase as we further implement our ad serving strategy called hyper-targeting by MySpace. In the most basic sense, hyper-targeting is focusing advertising on what users are telling us interests them, rather than the traditional model which guesses users interests. We rolled out the first phase of hyper-targeting in July to 50 advertisers by submitting our audience into 10 unique interest groups, from movies to finance to fashion. Top brands, including Proctor & Gamble, Microsoft and Ford participated in the trial and we are very encouraged by the early results. Performance lifted up to 300% for those using hyper-targeting. We expect this hyper-targeting to pick up momentum as we enter the next stage, which includes adding an additional 100 sub-categories. By the end of the year, we expect the number of interest segments to move into the thousands as we offer advertisers a wide variety of choices for their brands. Nobody else on the web is approaching this level of sophistication. While MySpace is the centerpiece of our interactive business, I think it is important to point out the depth of our offering. Aside from the clear number one social networking site, Fox Interactive Media houses the number one photo sharing site, Photobucket; the number one gaming site in IGN; the leading site for sports video in Foxsports.com; the number one men’s lifestyle site in AskMen; and the leading television site in Americanidol.com. In all, we reach over 175 million people globally. That scale and that connection with a user base that advertisers covet is translating into real financial growth. It’s been just two years since we first invested significantly in this business and in that short time, we have already reached profitability. In fact, this past quarter, FIM generated nearly $200 million in revenue, which is an increase of 80% over the prior year. We were profitable despite additional investments and retention expenses that Dave spoke about earlier, compared to the loss we recorded a year ago. We expect this rapid financial growth to continue, despite heavy investment in the MySpace platform. For example, MySpace TV, a new phone service, will start and continue spending to roll out MySpace internationally. To date, MySpace has been launched in 20 countries with at least 10 more on the way, and now reaching nearly 40 million monthly active users outside this country. Undoubtedly, the digital platform we have built is strong and is delivering real profits. Combined with the continued first rate performance of our traditional assets, we think we are in a great position to deliver another solid year of growth. With that, we would be very happy to [open the call and entertain] questions. Thank you very much.
Gary Ginsberg: Operator, we’re ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks. I have two for Rupert and they are on MySpace, as you could guess. As you know, there’s been a lot of chatter on the web about what you said and Web 2.0 and expectations for the year. Has there been any change for your expectations about the revenue growth that you laid out on the fourth quarter call for MySpace and FIM?
Rupert Murdoch: That was only two weeks ago. I don’t think there’s been any at all other than continuing reports of the good results on the hyper-targeting, which we believe will bring more advertising. But no, nothing drastic.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, and the second one was with only $4 million profits at FIM so far in this quarter, is there any seasonality to when the profits come through for the year? Could you talk a bit about how you see the year unfolding on a profit basis at FIM?
Rupert Murdoch: I think there’s definitely seasonality. This will be the weakest quarter and I wouldn’t want to really be more specific than that. Peter would like to comment on it.
Peter Chernin: Let me just add to that. Look, I think we started off the quarter a little slower than we expected in July and August. We’ve actually seen great momentum since then in September and October. I think our revenues are up 40% since July. Our revenues are up 15% just from September to October and we’re seeing great lift in CPMs, probably a blended 30% increase in CPMs in that four month period. So while we were maybe a little bit behind at the beginning of the quarter, right now I think we’ve got pretty good operating momentum and I think it’s too early to say where we are going to end up for the year but we feel pretty good about the momentum we have going right now. I think the other thing I would like to point out is there are two specifics that affected this quarter. We don’t have any American Idol in the first quarter, and so that will impact the profitability in the second part of the year. And we also sold the remainder of [Intermix] at the end of last year, so that affected the quarter also.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have two questions as well, and I guess the first one is for either Dave or Rupert, and the second is for Peter. So on the first, cash continues to build up. I wonder if you could just give us your most recent thoughts on -- in terms of potential acquisitions, share buy-back, maybe even a dividend. The second question for Peter, I know you are involved in the negotiations, but now that a strike has actually started, can you give us your view of how long you think it might last, what the impact is to your businesses? Do you think it will drive advertising from television online, et cetera?
Rupert Murdoch: Dave, do you want to answer that? No, I think the -- what was that, the cash?
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Rupert Murdoch: No, we have no specific targets in sight and whereas, if we had any, we might be looking for some bargains internationally. I think the value of the dollar today cools any passion for that. So no, we don’t have anything planned at this moment.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Can you discuss a potential buy-back, or accelerated buy-back?
Rupert Murdoch: No, we’re not going to accelerate it. We think that -- we’ll see how we go. We’ll be doing a little bit of it, I imagine, the next couple of few weeks, but basically just reading the papers and watching the ticker, we’re sufficiently nervous. I think we ought to wait. I mean, just to go slow, put it that way.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And just on that question, can you answer when the Liberty deal will close?
Rupert Murdoch: I wish I could.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: There’s a meeting on it at the Justice Department today, another one tomorrow, and we are very hopeful it will then move to the FCC, where we really can’t see any problems. But I can’t be more specific than that. That’s all I know.
Peter Chernin: Jessica, in terms of the strike, first of all, I have no idea when it’s going to be over. It’s particularly frustrating because, by all accounts, there was a pretty constructive day of negotiations on Sunday, yet the writers still chose to go out on strike that evening. So it’s hard for me to know. I think there’s a deal to be done. I think it’s particularly frustrating that we can’t seem to get there but I have no idea how long it is going to take. As for how it will impact us, my guess is that during fiscal ’08, a strike is probably a positive for the company. We save more money in term deals and story costs and probably the lack of making pilots than we lose in potential advertising. The other thing is we believe that it would cause a significant growth in market share on the Fox Broadcasting Network. We think that the Fox Broadcasting Network, something we’ve been working on for a long time, but is better positioned for a strike than any of our colleagues. We’ve got American Idol coming, we’ve got a wide array of reality programming. Most of our animated shows are generally about a year ahead, so those would be original, so we would be in original programming virtually every night of the week for the remainder of this broadcast season in the event of a strike. So we would expect that it would, if anything, lift our market share and have us win this season by an even greater margin than we expect to. A longer strike, a strike longer than eight months or a year would obviously begin to affect all three parts of the business, but boy, I sure hope it doesn’t go that long.
Gary Ginsberg: Operator, if we could just limit questions to one so we can get through as many analysts as possible, we’d appreciate it.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Thank you. Can you hear me?
Gary Ginsberg: Yes. Rich, go ahead, we can hear you.
Rupert Murdoch: We can’t now.
Operator: Mr. Greenfield, please re-queue up. We’ll move on to the next question. That comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good afternoon, gentlemen. So it’s my understanding that Sky Italia has signed a co-marketing deal with Telecom Italia, which means you would have marketing agreements now with all the top broadband and wireless providers in Italy. So competition in Italy is just a few spots of cable and then Digital Terrestrial Television, so is that correct? And then as part of that, the margins seemed pretty good this quarter. You look like you are pacing ahead of your usual $200 million a year of EBIT improvement. Is there a chance that we do a little bit better this year than we normally expect? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, however, we’re not counting on it. We are buying in more rights for sports, but we’ll certainly do what we said we would do. I hope we’ll do better but I wouldn’t want to promise that yet. And we have a good deal with Telecom Italia. You’re quite right.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: So the competitive environment in Italy now, is it really just you and Digital Terrestrial Television? Is that what we’re looking at?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, but they’re not really a big factor. I mean, the other night on the football, I think we got eight times their audience.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Sorry about that. A question on the Big Ten network; when you look at the Big Ten network situation, you obviously haven’t gotten the carriage that you were hoping to get from cable operators. You’ve now gotten both satellite operators. I’m wondering what your game plan is, how long your tolerance is before dropping your pricing demands. Time Warner Cable this morning said that this is not something that their subscribers are clamoring for and it didn’t sound like they wanted to budget, so I’m just curious what the plan is. This seems like a significant swing factor for you over the next couple of years and I would love an update. Thanks.
Peter Chernin: Look, we obviously have tremendous patience. We think this is probably about as good a product available on a regional sports basis, and if anything, the product gets stronger. On some regards, football -- during the football season, we’re limited to essentially a series of games once a week. As we move into basketball and hockey season, I think the pressure ratchets up significantly. We have deals with virtually every other provider in those markets, ranging from both the two satellite providers to any of the over-builders, to the telcos, et cetera, and we believe that this is something -- certainly the number of calls we’ll getting, the number of calls state legislatures are getting, local mayors, local municipalities are getting, indicates to us that there actually is a pretty big demand for the product. We’ll begin to get actual subscriber numbers in the next month or so from both the cable guys and the satellite guys, and so we’ll have a very accurate view of how many subs they may be losing in those markets. But look, we feel great confidence in the quality of the product and its value for the price and we’ve got plenty of patience and plenty of tolerance to get there.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Just as a follow-up, is there any way to think about how many subscribers you need to turn this from a start-up loss to into profits?
Peter Chernin: One of the things I think worth pointing out is this is I think second to Fox Business Channel, the second-largest launch of a cable channel in the history of the business. We launched this channel with 30 million subs, so this is already a widely distributed -- there are additional subs in those inner markets, primarily from Time Warner and Comcast, and we are optimistic about our ability to get there.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon. This is Anthony DiClemente for Vijay. A question for Peter, just on your exposure to the advertising environment; I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on that as to where you might be seeing pockets of weakness, and if you can parse national versus local exposure to the ad environment, and then even on a category basis, if you could talk a little bit about real estate and financial services. Thank you.
Peter Chernin: I would say first of all, we really aren’t seeing -- the only thing I would point to as a pocket of weakness I guess would be political on a local station basis. If you look at the shortfall in the television segments, it all comes out of local and it almost all comes out of the lack of political spending this year versus last year. That comparison actually ends this week because we had the election last week. We are hopeful that we’ll actually see some local political as we get into the heart of the primary season later in December and January. As for the rest --
Rupert Murdoch: Last year we had $200 million of political at this time.
Peter Chernin: As for the rest of the market, national broadcast extremely strong. National cable extremely strong. Local we’re seeing our pacings pick up in November, December and January, so that feels pretty good. And categories, you know, we had seen some weakness in cars earlier in the quarter. That’s actually bouncing back. We are seeing great strength in the movie category. We are seeing actually pretty good strength in retail. So right now, in some ways advertising feels -- I don’t want to say too good to be true, but it feels very strong. Also, the other thing I want to point out is very, very strong sports advertising and that’s particularly heartening given the strength of our sports schedule coming forward with the remainder of the NFL season, the BCS, the Super Bowl, the 50th anniversary of the Daytona 500, and I think that sports will get even stronger if we see a lot of repeats on the other networks because of the strike.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Noto with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. I was wondering, Dave, if you could give us your perspective on the advertising revenue at FIM in terms of both the search revenue and the display. I know that you mentioned $200 million in total, but how that broke out. And then Peter or Rupert, could you comment a little bit on your perspective as it relates to the broadcast network industry as it relates to audience trends? Obviously the Fox Broadcasting Network, excluding sports [on a live only basis], is the only network up about 8% year-to-date, so you are actually in a position of strength. As we get into C-plus-3 in the new year, do you believe there could be a significant amount of deficiencies in [make goods] by other networks that are currently not accruing for them because the measurement system hasn’t been audited yet? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: I would say of the total FIM revenue, which a little bit less than a third of it is search and the rest of it is display and performance advertising. The search will stay steady on a monthly basis through the year and so all of the growth that I talked about earlier that was taking place from July into October, was essentially all growth in display and performance advertising, since search is essentially steady.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: And Peter, you’re selling that display yourself, 100%?
Peter Chernin: We are selling what we call category one display 100% ourselves. Category two, which is largely performance, we sell mostly ourselves, and then there’s some remnant advertising which we sell given the number of page views we have, which we sell through various ad networks. We are generally the largest supplier of inventory to almost every ad network because we have so much inventory. But the bulk of that revenue is stuff we’re selling ourselves, category one, top 200 advertisers. I also would point out that we expect to see a lot of positive pressure as this self-serve advertising product launches in the next 30 days. As Rupert said, there are 20-plus million small businesses. More importantly, we estimate that there are 5 million to 10 million small businesses already having MySpace pages -- local hairdressers, local trainers, local restaurants, local bars, local cleaners, et cetera. And we believe this is the first self-serve product for them to create their own display advertising on the Internet. Up until now, the only thing they’ve been able to do is do search, and we think that this is a great opportunity for them to continue that. So we are seeing growth on all the display stuff, particularly the stuff that we sell ourselves. As for the network business, I think you are right. We are the only network that is up season-to-date. We are also the only network that is up in the first five days of the sweeps. We are not thrilled with our performance. I think the point that I would make that is most telling to us, I believe at the beginning of the sweep last year, we were somewhere between nine-tenths and a full rating point out of first place. At the beginning of the sweep this year, I think we were three-tenths of a rating point out of first place. So we would expect to be the number one network, particularly given Idol coming and the Super Bowl coming, we’d expect to be the number one network by an even larger margin this year. What we are seeing out of C-plus-3, the first thing we are seeing is confusion coming out of Nielsen. They are really far behind in reporting those results. I think we’ve gotten either three or four weeks of those results, and those results for us have been largely what we expected, which is the C-plus-3 essentially by the time you get there is essentially flat with what our program ratings were last year, up a tiny, tiny bit. But we’ve gotten so little data out of them. Our budget was based -- our assumptions were that those would be flat, up a tiny little bit and so far, they are mirroring what our assumptions were.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jolanta Masojada with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. You referred on the call to management retention costs at FIM. Can you talk about what the incremental expense this year will be compared with fiscal ’07? And will there be another step up coming through in future years?
David F. DeVoe: It’s about -- I think it’s around $20 million of incremental year over year.
Rupert Murdoch: This year.
David F. DeVoe: Yes, this year over last year, about $20 million related to it.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: And then looking forward?
David F. DeVoe: Well, it depends on the [profitability] of the business, so we hope it’s more because it’s a function of profitability.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jonathon Jacoby with Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Jonathon Jacoby - Banc of America: Thanks. Just on the cable start-up costs, how should we expect that to moderate throughout the year? And then, I would love to hear your thoughts on the initial rollout of Fox Business, or color on how you think it’s going. Thanks.
David F. DeVoe: Well, it’s not going to moderate. It’s going to get slightly worse as the quarter by quarter -- we had the Fox Business Channel launched really not until our second quarter. So you see those costs rise, and I guess, Peter, the Big Ten costs --
Peter Chernin: The Big Ten will be --
David F. DeVoe: -- will be pretty static over the --
Peter Chernin: -- unless we make some deals.
David F. DeVoe: Yeah.
Rupert Murdoch: We budgeted -- we might as well be quite open about this -- to spend $130 million on Fox Business to break even over three years, and we expect to lose about 60 of it this year.
Unidentified Participant: Yeah, it’s a little more.
Rupert Murdoch: What, 70?
David F. DeVoe: You should roughly see the losses will be slightly higher every quarter between now and the end of the year as it ramps up.
Peter Chernin: But again, I think it’s important to point out that we made these investments [frequently in the past] and a lot of why our cable segment is growing so rapidly is that we are constantly investing in the next generation of growth drivers, and as Rupert said, we would expect Fox Business to break even within three years and start being a real profit driver. And then on the same side, we would expect Big Ten to break even sooner than that.
Rupert Murdoch: All I’ll say is I think it’s -- we don’t have any numbers, Nielsen can’t give us any numbers yet, but we’ve just -- we had wonderful reviews from everybody and some of that is anecdotal, some of it is in the business press. And looking at it, we are pretty proud of the product. I think they’ve had a fantastic start-up. It’s been an extremely professional product right from day one.
Jonathon Jacoby - Banc of America: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much. Just a quick follow-up again on FIN. I was wondering if you’d comment on -- if not the actual number of sales -- number of sales people you have at FIN right now, maybe the -- and how you see that growing throughout the year in absolute headcount. Can you talk about growth targets for the sales force at FIN over the next 12 months? And do you see any change in the quota per sales person over that period of time? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: We don’t release those details of headcount. We have been adding lots of sales people and our budget assumes we add quite a few more sales people this fiscal year, and obviously given our assumptions about growth, their quotas also increase and their targets also increase as the year goes on.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Alexander with JB Were. Please go ahead.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: Thank you. Rupert, before you talked about the large portion of your revenues that are derived from outside the U.S. I’m just wondering if you could comment a bit further on how the weak U.S. dollar affects your business, and whether or not that might add a couple of percentage points to your operating income growth for the full year?
Rupert Murdoch: Certainly, I think David’s covered that.
David F. DeVoe: No, we haven’t but the weak U.S. dollar is a positive to us and probably in the current year, it would add about -- this, by the way, the majority of this is taken in consideration in our guidance, around $100 million of operating earnings for the year compared to a year ago.
Rupert Murdoch: At the most, yeah.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Good afternoon. I know you haven’t closed on Dow Jones yet, but I was wondering -- I know there’s been chatter about potentially converting the Wall Street Journal online to free. I was wondering if you could just update us on your thoughts there. And then on the MySpace self-serve platform, how is that inventory going to be priced? Is that fixed price or is that an auction or something else? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: What was the second half of that? Oh, I don’t know the answer to the latter part but the wsj.com, making it free, we are examining the possibilities of doing that. There are a lot of pros and cons. We passed 1 million people now who are paying for it, and getting very, very high cost per thousand for advertising. On the other hand, if that was to jump to 10 million or 20 million people around the world, it could be a wonderful thing for the brand. We would be selling the ads at a lower cost per thousand but I think we’d be in front. But we have to -- there are other considerations; how will it affect things like Factiva, our archive business, and also the newswires, which are very profitable.
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: I believe it was over the summer that you announced your intent to put Gemstar, the Russian outdoor business, and the TV stations on the block. I think that was before the credit market dislocated. I was just wondering if you could give us any update on your thoughts on those assets. Thanks.
Peter Chernin: We are in the process with both the sale of the -- of all three of those assets, the stations, News Outdoor, and I think we’ll have more -- we have nothing definitive to say right now about it but we’ll have more information for you as we get along in our second quarter.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: But nothing’s changed from your perspective?
Peter Chernin: No, nothing has changed. Obviously --
Rupert Murdoch: Well, if we get offers and if we sell -- let’s be realistic, they wouldn’t be as good as they would have been six months ago. But if we get offers and it doesn’t represent too much of a haircut, we’ll take it.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein with CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Thanks. When do you expect to see the impact of this Open Social initiative? And will this be part of any other efforts to reformat user pages, making them more amenable to advertising? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: We’re hoping to be able to finish all of the integration within the next 60 days by the end of the year and we believe we’ll be able to do that. We have a number of other innovations and products that we are working on in terms of MySpace and the page, and additional ad products and we’ll announce them as we are ready to go with them.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi with Standard & Poor’s. Please go ahead.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Thank you very much. Rupert, I think by all accounts, you’ve been spending a fair amount of time at Dow Jones now since the deal was announced a couple of months ago. I was just trying to get a sense of how -- any update that you might share with us in terms of your thoughts on how that asset could be integrated? I think you’ve talked about it, $100 million of low-hanging fruit. How soon do you think that will be realized? And looking further out, how much more, if I can use the word synergies, do you expect to squeeze out from this deal?
Rupert Murdoch: The cost savings are not synergies, and there will be other ways that we’ll probably spend some of that money in developing the brand and making it a much better paper. I’ve not spent as much time down there as I would have like to, or has been publicized. But all that I see gives me great faith in the potential.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Okay. Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: Sorry, in all their lines of business.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Imran Khan with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Thank you for taking my question. Rupert, I wanted to get your perspective -- one of the big challenges on the Internet is fragmentation that the portal guys faced over the last four or five years. And if I look at the social networking space and the social networking platform, MySpace clearly is the leader but some of the second and third numbered players are growing significantly faster. So are you concerned that you might experience a similar kind of fragmentation, which might impact your growth rate?
Rupert Murdoch: They are only growing faster in a percentage basis, not an absolute basis. I think it’s going to become just a much, much bigger thing. Whereas now, only a very small part of web advertising is on social networks, I think that’s going to change and we are going to see a lot more advertising coming to social networks and it being just a bigger business in every way.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kit Spring with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Kit Spring - Stifel Nicolaus: What’s your appetite for pursuing some non-advertising revenue streams at the Fox Television Network? Perhaps either cash cable retransmission or fees from your affiliates? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: I would say -- look, we have an appetite to pursue anything we can get. First of all, to be fair, most of our retransmission is signed up for two to three years out, and we’ve always said consistently that our goal is to maximize the financial return on our retransmission. And we’ve been reasonably neutral about whether we get that in the form of additional carriage, the ability to create new cable channels or cash. My guess is you will see that begin to change a little bit, just because I think analog spectrum is filling up and I think cable operators are probably not going to be launching as many new services, and if that’s the case, we’d be happy to be paid in cash. In terms of fees from our affiliates, I think we already have the most financially productive relationship with our affiliates than any of the broadcast networks. We get significant reverse compensation and honestly, they are very good partners. I think it’s a good relationship for both of us. They help to fray a fair amount of our sports expenses and they’ve been good partners about stepping up to help us pay for those things and I think our relationship is significantly materially advantaged over any of the other broadcast networks.
Kit Spring - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Great. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about what you’ve been seeing from a monetization standpoint on MySpace since the Google arrangement, and to what degree -- how far along in that process of partnering with Google we are right now from a technology standpoint?
Peter Chernin: I think the most significant thing I would say is -- I sat down with Eric Schmidt a couple of weeks ago, and I know he said this also at their Google conference a few weeks ago, that as far as they are concerned, this whole deal is now profitable for them and they are running ahead of their modeling and ahead of their projections when they made the deal. So for us right now, we are essentially running at the level of our guarantee and what it does is probably give us hope that maybe we’ll get past that guarantee as we get into the latter part of that deal. I think it’s a good indication of how valuable social networking is and how important it is in a monetization sense, and I think that the fact that Google is running well ahead of where they expected to be a little bit more than a year ago when they made the deal is an extremely positive sign for both of us.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alan Gould with Natexis. Please go ahead.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you. A question for either Rupert or Dave; typically, you like to have a lot of cash on the balance sheet and after the Dow Jones deal, it will be five-point-some billion dollars less. I realize you have plenty of leverage capability. What are your net debt to cash flow targets, or cash balance targets that you have?
Rupert Murdoch: We’re not going to have five left --
David F. DeVoe: After Dow Jones -- $5 billion less. It will be slightly -- might be $5.5 billion less, but I think if you look at the company over the last two to three years, we like to have about $2.5 billion of cash on a minimum basis. That’s where we’re comfortable. I think I’ve said this before, as far as with regard to the debt, I think our target levels for debt are somewhere between two and three times max. And given the conditions that exist in the financial markets today, we would be certainly heading toward the low, low end of that range until we find out where the markets are going to end up.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Morris with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Morris - UBS: Thank you. A follow-up on Dow Jones; can you provide some current thoughts on where you see international opportunity for Dow Jones? And in particular, are there certain markets where you expect to have to, or look to invest in the print business for the Wall Street Journal? And are there I guess opportunities beyond the print platform to expand the brands, maybe using some of your television platforms? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, well, we’ll certainly be using our television platforms to be promoting and pushing very hard on our online services. The current international editions of The Wall Street Journal are a lot less than satisfactory and we’ve got to get to them as fast as we can. Although really, the number one priority absolutely is to get The Wall Street Journal itself as we’d like it. We respect it. We think it’s great in many, many ways but we believe we can improve that. Absolutely we can improve the online service, and there -- that’s the two absolute priorities, and then we’ll get to the international perhaps in a few months time. We have -- I’ve had people in this morning from the [inaudible] Times. We have a deal there with a new financial paper. They are associated with us. They are associated with our name. In fact, we don’t have any shareholding in it. We have some small amount of revenue from it and there are other places where we have little bits and pieces. And there are other certainly big opportunities. But first, we’ve got to get it absolutely right here and the paper that we are proud of and that will grow and be seen as the number one journalistic product in the world.
Gary Ginsberg: Operator, we’ll take one more question.
Operator: And that next question will come from the line of Alex Pollak with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Alex Pollak - Macquarie Research: Thanks for that. My question is really for Rupert, actually, and Dave and Peter, and it was just in the context of 23% operating income growth for the three months, the guidance for the full year of low teens looks a little low. I was wondering whether obviously you know some things that we don’t about the back nine months of the year and why the growth might be a little bit lower. That was the first part. And the second part was I know that [inaudible] was quoted in the paper as saying, with respect to deals and Yahoo!, nothing is ruled out. I wonder whether News Corporation was one of the nothings that he was not ruling out.
Rupert Murdoch: And it’s nothing that we’d rule out either but we are not lusting after it or having any serious discussions with them at the moment. As for the guidance, all I can tell you is we seem to be starting the second quarter extremely well, but we don’t want to -- we’ll have a look at our guidance again at the end of the year, but right now all the economic indicators are that next year could be rough. So we are not going to give guidance until we are a little bit closer to it.
David F. DeVoe: I think it’s fair to say, Rupert, that we are extremely confident in the guidance that we’ve given but again, as Rupert said, it’s only the first quarter, there’s a lot of economic uncertainties and I just think at this time, maintaining the current guidance levels is appropriate.
Gary Ginsberg: Okay. Thank you very much. Why don’t we go into the press call right away, if we could, Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Ken Lee with Reuters. Please go ahead.
Ken Lee - Reuters: Can you discuss the rational behind nominating, or the intentions to nominate Natalie Bancroft for a board seat at News Corp?
Rupert Murdoch: We believe she’ll be a very fine director. I’ve met with her, the head of our nominating committee has met with her, as have other people, such as our Chief Counsel. They are a funny family and they couldn’t decide between themselves who to nominate and that’s about all I can say. We went through it and by a process of elimination and meeting people and speaking to people, we chose Natalie and we’ll looking forward to having her as a colleague.
Ken Lee - Reuters: It’s just that corporate governance experts we had heard from are already saying, ahead of the actual nomination, they are already saying that that could be viewed as a disservice to News Corp shareholders.
Rupert Murdoch: Well, that’s rubbish. If you listen to corporate governance experts, just remember what they said when Google floated. They said it was the worst corporate governance model they had ever seen.
Ken Lee - Reuters: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gillian Wee with Bloomberg News. Please go ahead.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: I just had a question about Internet revenue. How much revenue do you get from online now and how much do you think you can get in the next year, with the launch of more MySpace advertising programs and possibly the making of the Journal’s website free?
Rupert Murdoch: I don’t know. Are you talking about the Journal?
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: Internet revenue, MySpace plus Journal, I guess --
Peter Chernin: We don’t own the asset yet and we are not wishing to give you any kind of forward-looking guidance like that.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg News: Okay, I was just wondering. Thanks.
Operator: Next we’ll move to the line of [inaudible] with Associated Press. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Good afternoon. A question for Rupert; on the latter end of the analyst call, you mentioned your top priority, Dow Jones being getting the Journal the way that you like it. Could you elaborate on that, please? What kind of changes do you have in mind there?
Rupert Murdoch: No, I think I ought to let my feelings be known to the staff before I make them public. I think they’re getting the message already.
Unidentified Participant: And just on the housekeeping thing, I see the vote is scheduled for the 13th. How soon after that might the deal formally close?
Rupert Murdoch: Either on the 13th or the 14th.
Unidentified Participant: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stacey Kramer with Gate Continent. Please go ahead.
Stacey Kramer - Gate Continent: During the shareholders meeting, Mr. Murdoch, you mentioned the possibility of other premium online offerings, and also increasing the number of verticals that Dow Jones already offers. Could you go into that a little bit more and how that plays into your plans for the Internet outside of the U.S.?
Rupert Murdoch: We will certainly -- we’re examining those possibilities right now at Dow Jones, [whether our want] for new verticals, which would be very deep and for which we could charge, and that will be an extension partly, I guess, of the newswires operation. But elsewhere in the world, no, we haven’t looked at it.
Stacey Kramer - Gate Continent: Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: I mean, we have important sites in Australia, such as realestate.com, which is very profitable. We have our newspaper sites in Britain and of course also here and with all our television stations.
Stacey Kramer - Gate Continent: Thanks. They tend to get lost sometimes I think in all the attention that Fox Interactive gets, so I was wondering about that. And the idea of a hybrid model --
Rupert Murdoch: Although none of them are as big as MySpace, but they could all grow into nice, profitable entities. Foxnews.com is already making a handy, small profit.
Stacey Kramer - Gate Continent: Thanks.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Aline van Duyn with The Financial Times. Please go ahead.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: I wanted to ask whether the uncertain economic outlook in the U.S., whether that -- how important that is in your considerations and plans that you are making for the expansion of the Journal in the U.S. markets? And the other thing I wanted to ask about is whether you have considered or under what circumstances you might consider spinning off or selling or having a publicly traded pass of MySpace or FIM?
Rupert Murdoch: We haven’t considered the latter and [inaudible], it’s still a temptation but one we want to resist, I think.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: Why would you want to resist it?
Rupert Murdoch: As for -- what was the first part of the question? The economic climate, no, we’ll go full bore.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: We’ll go full --?
Rupert Murdoch: We’ll go full bore ahead.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of George [Sivali] with The Hollywood Reporter. Please go ahead.
George Sivali - The Hollywood Reporter: Peter, did I understand you correctly that you would consider retransmission payments from your cable partners? I was trying to figure out if you can give a little more color -- how that could happen, when it could happen.
Peter Chernin: Our position hasn’t changed at all. We don’t consider; we in some ways demand to get paid fairly for the value of the retransmission consent of the number one network, and we’ve felt that way consistently for well over a decade. And what I’ve said consistently is that we don’t care whether we get paid in the form of creating additional carriage or additional value or new cable networks, or we get paid in cash. And there’s really nothing to do -- I don’t think our next significant retrans deal comes up for the next two or three years, and we’ll figure out the best way to maximize the value of our property.
Rupert Murdoch: Doing that is very largely responsible for the huge growth in our cable networks.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you very much. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like, this conference will be available for repay after 8:00 p.m. this evening until November 14th at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 889105. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701, international participants dial 1-320-365-3844, and please enter the access code of 889105. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-08-08 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - IR   David DeVoe - CFO   Rupert Murdoch - Chairman, CEO   Peter Chernin - President, COO
Analysts: Michael Nathanson - Bernstein   Richard Greenfield - Pali Capital   Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch   Anthony Noto - Goldman, Sachs   Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities   Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse   Alexander Adam - JB Were   Jonathan Jacoby - Banc of America   Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder   Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor's Equity Group   Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns   Alex Pollak - Macquarie Bank   Jason Bazinet - Citigroup   Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets   Fraser McLeish - ABN Amro   Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers
Journalists: Ken Lee - Reuters   Miriam Steffens - Sydney Morning Herald   Aline van Duyn - Financial Times   Seth Sutel - Associated Press   Joe Menn - Los Angeles Times   Nishant Bahia - National Public Radio   Andrew Clark - The Guardian   Gillian Wee - Bloomberg   Robert MacMillan - Reuters   Georg Szalai - The Hollywood Reporter   Max Bowie - Inside Market Data   Staci Kramer - Paidcontent.org
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by and good morning, good afternoon and good evening to our global audience today. Welcome to News Corp announcing their fourth quarter 2007 earnings release. (Operator Instructions) With us today, we have Mr. Dave DeVoe, Chief Financial Officer; we have Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer; and of course, Mr. Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and CEO. Here with our opening remarks is Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Gary Ginsberg. Good afternoon, Gary, and please go ahead, sir.
Gary Ginsberg: Good afternoon, Brent, nice to have you back with us. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year end operating results. As Brent just told you, we have Rupert Murdoch, Peter Chernin and Dave DeVoe on the call with us today. We'll begin with Dave providing some financial analysis for the quarter and for the year that may not be obvious from a reading of the results. Rupert will then talk about some of the financial and strategic highlights for the year and offer some brief remarks on the company's recently announced acquisition of Dow Jones. Peter will then give some forward perspective on the company's television, cable and film businesses, three of our biggest growth drivers. And then as Brent said, we'll go right into your questions first from the investment community and then from the press. Today's call is of course governed by the Safe Harbor provisions. On this call, we will make statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, including those described in News' public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements. This call may contain a discussion regarding the previously announced agreement to acquire Dow Jones. We urge you to read registration statement and proxy statements to be filed by the transaction participants with the SEC when they become available as they will contain important information about the transaction. Any discussion regarding the transaction on this call does not constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities, and any offer and securities will only be made in accordance with requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. With all of that legalese, I will turn the call over to Dave.
David DeVoe: Gary, thank you and good afternoon everyone. As you have seen in today's earnings release, News Corporation once again posted great results with strong revenue, operating income and net income growth for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year, as well as record cash flows from operations and cash flow from operations plus capital expenditures, which we refer to as our free cash flow. Let me start with our full-year results. For the year, we achieved 15% operating income growth, consistent with the financial guidance we provided you a year ago and reiterated throughout the year. This strong financial performance was driven by 13% revenue growth with Sky Italia and our Cable Networks producing the largest year-over-year gains. Our equity earnings of affiliates also performed well with equity income for the year slightly over $1 billion, and this is also a 15% increase above last year's level and these results were lead principally by higher contributions from DirecTV. Bottom line, the company reported full-year net income of $3.4 billion, a 22% improvement over last year’s net income from continuing operations of $2.8 billion. The related earnings per share for the year was $1.08, a 24% improvement over last year’s comparable EPS. Now let me turn first to our fourth quarter. We enjoyed again a very strong fourth quarter with operating income of $1.22 billion. This is up 18% over the fourth quarter a year ago. The improvement for the quarter, as it was for the year, was led by considerable profit increases at the Company's Cable Networks and Sky Italia segments, but also reflects strong growth with the company's new media and also at our print businesses. Contributions from our associates were in line with last year. Our other income and expense was unfavorable due to the mark-to-market adjustment on our exchangeable debt securities and our tax provision benefited from the resolution of various tax matters. As a result of these items, net income from continuing operations for the quarter was $890 million, a 24% improvement over last year's fourth quarter result. Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.28, up 22% over last year's EPS. Given you all should have a copy of our earnings release, I will not review all of our business segments. However, I would like to provide context on the recent performance of two of our businesses. Let me start with the only segments which had lower earnings in the quarter: Filmed Entertainment and Television. At our Film segment, operating income declined $94 million from the fourth quarter of a year ago, reflecting difficult theatrical comparisons to last year that included blockbusters Ice Age, The Meltdown and X-Men, The Last Stand. These two films together ultimately achieved about $1.1 billion in worldwide box office receipts. Additionally, this quarter's results included the release costs for several successful films, including the latest Die Hard and Fantastic Four films, as well as The Simpsons where the bulk of the related profit of The Simpsons will fall in fiscal 2008. In our Television segment, fourth quarter operating profit of $385 million declined from a year ago with solid growth at our FOX-affiliated TV stations and at the FOX Broadcasting Network, offset by My Network losses and lower STAR profit contributions. The My Network losses have improved from the quarterly run rate we experienced earlier this year due to recent programming changes, and we expect that trend to continue into fiscal 2008. Now turning to our earnings growth drivers for the fourth quarter. We were led absolute dollar terms by our cable networks. All of our major cable channels contributed, providing fourth quarter operating income growth of $90 million, or 46% over the fourth quarter a year ago. The FOX News Channel grew quarterly operating income by 41%, driven by revenue increases from the new affiliate rates with Cablevision and DirecTV, as well as higher advertising sales from stronger ratings. As we have seen all year, higher affiliate rates and subscriber increases continued to drive double-digit earnings growth at the regional sports networks. Our International cable channels continue to grow impressively, reflecting a combination of stronger ad sales in most regions and the addition of new channels, and Peter will give you a lot more information on this business in a few minutes. FX more than doubled its year-ago profit contributions for the quarter with much of the improvement reflecting NASCAR no longer being on the channel. Shifting to our direct to home platform in Italy, Sky Italia achieved its highest quarter of profitability ever with $155 million of operating income, an increase of $71 million from the fourth quarter a year ago. For the year, Sky delivered $221 million of operating profit, an increase of $182 million from the year-ago results. These increases were driven by net new subscribers for the year of 368,000 increasing our year-ending subscriber count to 4.2 million. Sky achieved gross additions in the quarter of approximately 126,000, down 54,000 from the fourth with of a year ago when Sky broadcast the World Cup. This year's quarterly additions is in line with the 136,000 gross additions achieved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005, and this is a more comparable quarter, which also had no World Cup. Annualized churn for the quarter was 10.6%. This is an increase from last year's 9%. This increase reflects a new Italian law introduced in April allowing subscribers to cancel at any time with just 30 days notice. As a result, net additions in the quarter were approximately 32,000. While the initial effects of the accelerated churn from the new law continue to be felt, gross additions are currently tracking well ahead of the prior year partially due to the absence of last year's soccer scandal. SAC in the quarter averaged EUR228 per subscriber, a significant improvement from last year’s fourth quarter, and this is primarily due to last year’s marketing around the World Cup, which we did not repeat this year. ARPU for the quarter of approximately EUR46 was slightly below the EUR47 we achieved in the fourth quarter last year, and again this is due to temporary upgrades we offered as part of last year’s World Cup. Without these upgrades, ARPU would be essentially the same as it was a year ago. Our third-largest driver of earnings in the quarter was FOX Interactive Media, which on the strength of MySpace delivered its most profitable quarter and in just its second year, reached full-year profitability. FIM’s revenues in the quarter doubled from the same quarter a year ago to over $183 million with FIM’s operating income contribution in the quarter of about $30 million. For the year, FIM’s revenues of approximately $550 million exceeded our $0.5 billion benchmark and FIM generated $10 million in profit. This is more than an $80 million earning improvement from the prior year's results. These results also include the anticipated revenues and profits associated with our deal with Google and we look forward to the ramp-up of those in fiscal '08. Turning to our capital structure, cash flow in the quarter was strong. We generated $1.2 billion in cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures which we consider to be our free cash flow. For the year, cash flow from operations plus capital expenditure was $2.8 billion, and this is a record year of cash flow generation for the company. We continued during the year to be active with our share buyback program, including repurchases of nearly $1.3 billion in fiscal 2007, bringing the total repurchases to more than 213 million shares for a total of nearly 3.9 billion since we started the program. We are committed to completing the remaining 2.1 billion of the buyback as we believe that it is an excellent use of our cash resources. In addition, we will be retiring approximately 16% of all our outstanding shares when the Liberty transaction is completed, and we hope this will be completed by the end of the calendar year. Finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2008. Based on all of the assumptions inherent in our projections, we anticipate our operating income growth rate for fiscal 2008 to be in the low teens. This guidance excludes any impact for both the anticipated gain from the sale of property in the United Kingdom, which we certainly hope to complete in fiscal 2008, as well as the Dow Jones acquisition. Much of our earnings growth in fiscal 2008 is expected to be driven by similar fundamentals which underpin fiscal 2007's growth, namely continued growth at Sky Italia, further growth at our cable networks led by FOX News and our international channels, and improved monetization of Internet traffic, principally at MySpace. Our expected operating income growth in fiscal 2008 also considers that we will be absorbing cost of roughly $340 million related to developing new businesses or capabilities. These include start-up losses at FOX Business and Big 10 channels, losses from the developing new Eastern European television businesses and a final incremental cost related to the United Kingdom press projects. Obviously while restraining our growth rate in fiscal 2008, each of these initiatives will contribute to our continued growth in fiscal 2009 and beyond. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rupert for some additional comments.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you, Dave and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. As Dave has just outlined, fiscal 2007 was a very good year financially and operationally. It was a very important year for us strategically as well with the announced signing of the merger agreement between News Corp and the Dow Jones Company, our earlier deal with Liberty Media and our latest moves to divert our interest in non-core assets like Gemstar, News Outdoor and some of our smaller TV stations. The financial success we have enjoyed should come as no surprise. It's a steady continuation of the growth we've sustained, really since 2003. In fact, over the last four years using almost any metric, few if any companies in our sector have matched our revenue, operating income or EPS growth; revenue growth of 13% a year on average, average operating income growth of 17% and earnings per year from continuing operations up 38% per year, on average. At the same time, we have all evolved strategically through investments and divestitures to better align the company with future opportunities and to optimize its deployment of capital. Several of the changes initiated over the last few years should bear fruit in fiscal '08. Most significantly, we expect to close on our Liberty transaction sometime before the end of this calendar year. Once completed, we will effectively lock in a tax-free gain of roughly $3.5 billion generated since we acquired our DirecTV ownership in December of 2004. As we reduce our exposure to the U.S. television market, we're also looking to penetrate new TV markets overseas that represent faster growth opportunities. It's one of the things that I think consistently separates us from our peers: our relentless focus on creating new growth opportunities globally, new growth engines and to replace our or supplement those that are maturing. So for example, during the U.S. advertising slowdown in the early part of this decade, we invested in a Bulgarian TV station. Today, we're generating annual profits at that station far in excess of its original investment. Given that success, we're now hoping to replicate that model in other underdeveloped television markets, including in Turkey, Poland, Serbia and Indonesia. We're taking these strategic steps to better enable the company to capture the opportunities of operating in a more globalized and digitized society. I have challenged myself and my colleagues most recently at a four-day digital conference that I hosted with our leading digital advisors to unearth, examine and implement where appropriate digital strategies that will generate new revenue and profit streams for the company. It's the single most important challenge we face today. After two years of first steps, we're starting to make measurable progress. Today, FOX Interactive Media reported its first full year of profitability. It may not seem surprising, given MySpace's meteoric rise in that period, but it wasn't so long ago -- 24 months -- when many said we were embarking on a fool's errand. In the 12 months prior to our acquiring MySpace, the site generated $23 million in revenue. Today on the back of its durability and success, we are forecasting that MySpace alone will generate in excess of $800 million in revenue in fiscal '08. Overall, FIM in fiscal '07 generated revenues of $550 million and a profit of $10 million, even after absorbing $80 million in retention and amortization costs. We would be surprised if FIM revenues this fiscal year do not exceed $1 billion with margins well above 20%. The traffic numbers of MySpace certainly suggest a steady continuing success. MySpace added 1.5 million unique users in June while increasing its page views by 2 billion. Just last week, MySpace had its biggest day ever with 4.3 billion page views and 7.3 billion ad impressions -- that was in one day. Our digital successes aren't confined to MySpace alone. Our newspaper web sites in Britain, Australia, the New York Post, continue to show growth. In fiscal '07, the total number of users across all our newspaper sites grew 25% to 20 million users, generating nearly $100 million in revenue. At FOXNews.com, revenue grew about 50% and is increasing its steady profitability. At our station-owned and operated web sites, we saw a 350% increase in unique users, although from an admittedly small base. So you can see we are still in the early stages of our digital development with much room for growth. Now this brings me to the Dow Jones Company. One of the big reasons we're so excited about our impending purchase of Dow Jones is the immediate and important lift it will give our entire company as we continue our digital transition. I don't think there's a better company to acquire in order to explore the burgeoning demand for global financial information than Dow Jones with its powerful brand names, unattainable credibility and worldwide reach. That's why we put such a premium on its value and why I spent the better part of the past three months enduring criticism normally leveled at some sort of genocidal tyrant. If I didn't think it was such a perfect fit, with such unlimited potential to grow on its own and in tandem with News Corp. assets, believe me, I would have walked away. We persevered because Dow Jones arguably the world's most prestigious powerful brand in financial services. The Wall Street Journal is the greatest newspaper in America and one of the greatest in the world. It has tremendous journalists and excellent management. While powerful and durable, it is also a brand that could be much further exploited. Pairing it now with the marketing power, global reach and diverse media platforms of News Corporation will vastly enhance the brand and extend its reach. We also have persevered because there's no other company that can better complement News Corp's mission. For most of our 52-year history, News Corporation has been both an information and entertainment company, producing compelling content in both areas for a growing worldwide audience. The purchase of Dow Jones with its vast newsgathering resources greatly expands the information side of our company and positions us to become the strongest company in the world in both information and entertainment. It would be premature at this early date to go on at any length about our specific plans for the company generally, or for The Wall Street Journal. There's still much study and work to be done to better understand the opportunities and the challenges. We do see making necessary investments in Europe and Asia to better capitalize on those expanding markets. More coverage of national, international and non-business news, of course without diminishing the Journal's business focus, all to better compete with the New York Times and other national newspapers. An intensive look at achieving cost synergies through our existing brand and technology expertise and through leveraging our respective cost structures. We'll also be diverting energy to enhancing Dow Jones' electronic assets and determining how to maximize their reach and profitability in tandem with our own assets. We're living in a time of exploding capital formations and thirst for financial and economic news. Certainly today, Dow Jones is uniquely positioned to benefit from this phenomenon given their electronic assets. There's WSJ.com, the world's biggest subscription web site, with nearly 1 million subscribers. There's MarketWatch, with more than 7 million unique users; Barrons.com, with 97,000 subscribers who are among the most affluent and influential users of the web. There's Dow Jones news wires which serve more than 435,000 financial professionals around the world; and Factiva, which enjoys vast and growing profits as it serves 1.8 million customers, including 80% of the global Fortune 500 companies. News Corporation more than any other traditional media company has succeeded in creating new revenue streams while migrating content to the digital space. There are huge opportunities to further leverage the vast financial newsgathering capabilities of both companies and to couple the electronic assets of Dow Jones. Those brands I just mentioned as well as other valuable assets we will create. Of course, owning Dow Jones and its vast trove of financial information will be the perfect complement to our launch of the Business News Network, adding both credibility and potentially accelerated carriage. The CNBC contract is an obstacle, but we still think there are plenty of opportunities for Dow Jones and The Business Channel to mutually benefit. We already air the top five business news programs in cable news and our extension of this strength with a 24-hour business channel is a very logical progression. The FOX Business Network will launch on October 15 with a minimum of 31.5 million subscribers, including the New York market, the largest launch of a new channel in cable history. Some analysts have estimated that CNBC today has a valuation in excess of $4 billion. We have every expectation that the FOX Business Channel in short order will surpass that value in the same way FOX News has surpassed CNN and all other cable news operations that it competes against. As we get deeper into the Dow Jones businesses, we will have much more to say about how we plan to integrate and grow them. We're tremendously excited by the transformative potential it represents for our entire company and eager to get to work on it. I would like to turn this call over to Peter who will talk in greater detail about the operational opportunities we see for some of our key entertainment assets, including our Cable, Television and Film units. Under Peter's expert leadership, these businesses have become the company's major profit contributors with continued strong growth ahead, as you will now hear from him.
Peter Chernin: Thank you very much, Rupert and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Now that Rupert has taken you through some of our strategic initiatives and growth drivers for the upcoming year, I would like to take a few minutes to provide you with some color on a few of the other businesses that were included in the guidance that Dave provided earlier. So let me start with our Cable Network business. I think it's a business that probably gets a little less public focus these days because of its steady and enduring growth over the past few years, but our continued investment and our continued operational momentum has given us an enormous growth driver. This past year, fiscal '07, four different areas in our Cable division each grew by more than $50 million in operating income, so our growth in this area is pretty widespread and broadly based. Those four areas were our FOX international channels, our FOX News division, our FOX sports channels and our entertainment channels, led by FX. So let me give you a little detail on each these areas to give you a sense of how much momentum we have in this segment. Starting off with the Fox international channels, this is a business that really did not exist before 2000 and we actually have not spoken about much, and therefore has not garnered a lot of attention. Today, our international channels, and these do not include STAR, these are just the Fox international channels inside of the Cable group, these businesses today generate more than $120 million in profits and show no signs of slowing down. In fact, the business grew more than 80% between '06 and '07 and we expect it will grow another 50% in fiscal '08. Since many of you have not been exposed to this business, let me give you just a few of the details. Inside FOX international we operate more than 80 different channels and provide services around the globe, predominately under two broad brand names; under various FOX brand names and under various National Geographic brands. We are currently the largest multichannel operator in Latin America, in Italy, and we boast channel and Internet products in most other major market of the world, including substantial operations in Asia, in Central and Eastern Europe, in Spain, in France and the UK. In the upcoming year, we expect to expand further with the launch of at least seven additional channels in places like Russia, Turkey, Latin America, Japan and Asia. We are still in the very early stages of our development with this business and we expect revenues to ramp up quickly as we continue to grow our affiliate rates, expand geographically and increase our advertising revenues. I think the success of this group is a prime example of our ability to grow our business organically by capitalizing on underserved marketplaces. Turning to our news business, FOX News, this will be the single biggest growth driver within cable this fiscal year, and frankly, for several years to come. There's a couple of reasons for this robust growth. First in fiscal '08, we will have the full-year effect of our recently completed FOX News affiliate negotiations with both Cablevision and DirecTV, and also one or two smaller operators. We also are going to reap the benefits of what appears to have been a very strong upfront for FOX News, which included high single-digit CPM increases. Finally, we're benefiting from our current ratings growth and what we expect will be a very strong year because of the coverage of politics. The impact of these revenue gains and a relatively stable cost base should push FOX News margins into the high 30% range as we see our revenues continue to grow. Turning to our sports business, our RSMs delivered increased results coming off of both increased advertising, and I think there we're seeing the benefits of the appeal of live sports programming and we're the largest broadcaster of live sports programming in the world to advertisers and also, increased affiliate rates. In addition, we renewed long-term rights agreements with more than a dozen professional sports teams during fiscal '07, and this is locked in long-term stability for the business. Moving into fiscal '08, those two areas increased, advertising revenues and increased affiliate revenues, coupled with ratings growth that we're seeing in baseball, ratings growth that we're seeing on SPEED Channel and our soccer channel should give us a very strong year going forward. Moving to the Entertainment sector, in fiscal '07, FX delivered record affiliate and advertising revenues, coming off of its highest rated primetime season ever. This is now solid throughout the entire season with a top five basic cable network, and I think is generally regarded as the premier general entertainment service in basic cable. Our ratings momentum has already carried over into fiscal '08 with the strong debut of Damages last month, which has been our strongest premiere on FX I think in about four years since the premier of Nip/Tuck four years ago. In that general Entertainment area, we're also seeing the growth of the Reality Channel, which is starting to turn into a real earnings powerhouse for us, and also increases in National Geographic ratings and the ad market. So, again, another area in the cable area where we expect great growth momentum for this year and years to come. Also in the Cable area, we will continue our strategic investment to create the next generation of growth drivers as these ones provide us growth in the current period. One of the things that I think has differentiated Fox from our peers is our consistent ability to launch new cable channels. We have launched at least one new cable channel a year for the past five years and it's one of the things that allows us to maintain our growth trajectory. Fiscal '08 will be no different with the creation of I think two very important new channels: the FOX Business Channel and the Big Ten Network. As Rupert talked about, the Business Channel will be the largest launch in the history of the cable business. It will be a reasonably modest investment. We believe the total investment should be somewhere between $150 million and $200 million, and should reach breakeven in a couple of years. The early plans led by Roger and his team I think are really exciting. The Big Ten Channel, which will launch at the end of this month; we'll start small, but we think there's an extremely passionate audience in those Big Ten markets, and also among their alumni throughout the country that will grow over time with quality and must-see programming. On top of that, as I said, we have seven or eight new international channels on top of that. So, overall, I think that our current operating momentum in the Cable business will be added as we continue to make these kinds of investments to give us this growth driver for years to come. Turning to the major part of our Television business, our broadcast business, we also have very high expectations for the year ahead of us. We have now enjoyed 26 straight weeks as the number one network among adults 18 to 49, every single week for the last 26 weeks, we have been number one. That is the longest streak in more than 11 years since NBC was at its prime in the mid-'90s, in fact, probably longer than many have been in the business. We have also been the number one network among adults 18 to 49 for three years running and just finished this past year with the largest margin of victory in many, many years. Our ratings success has led to one of the strongest upfronts we have enjoyed in years with high single-digit CPM increases and mid single-digit absolute dollar increases locked in for the year ahead on FOX. We're also enjoying a very strong scatter market right now, which I think gives us great confidence for the start of broadcast season. We have what I believe is a more complete and compelling schedule than we've had in past years, a strong slate of returning shows that most of the audience is familiar with and a promising slate of new shows that will begin premiering next month, all of them coming with great momentum from our summer ratings success. We will have far less interruption from the baseball playoffs this fall and I think should have an easier time launching our new shows. It will also give us the opportunity to achieve better continuity for our primetime lineup while still benefiting from having the World Series as an invaluable promotional platform. Let me just take a minute to point out, I think Fox has what is arguably the single best sports lineup probably in the history of broadcasting business coming this year. Our lineup of sports events coming in the next nine or ten months includes the World Series, the national football championships, the Bowl Championship Series, the Super Bowl, the 50th anniversary of the Daytona 500, and the final All-Star Game to be played in Yankee Stadium next July, a pretty remarkable lineup. I think not to make bold predictions, but with that sports lineup coupled with our entertainment ratings momentum, we're pretty confident that we'll notch our fourth consecutive ratings victory in the upcoming season. Obviously, we expect that success on our broadcast network to spill over to our station group with station market shares at record revenues. We should also benefit from an ad environment where I think we'll see gaining strength as political spending ramps up later in the year. Finally, before we take your questions, I just want to touch briefly on our Film business. It's fairly obvious that 2007 was a phenomenal year at our film company. Our hit ratio, which I think is unmatched, led us to a stunning seventh consecutive year of record profits, and moreover our success was broad-based. Now, additionally, we will continue to reap the benefits of these films over the next several years. I know many of you think that that performance in '07 is going to create some very tough comps going forward. I think if you look at a company like ours with a July 1st fiscal year, the best predictor of how the next fiscal year is going to be comes from the performance of our summer movie slate. Using that metric, I think it's safe to say that we're off to a very strong start. While I cannot guarantee that we will match last year’s operating performance, I think based on this summer's strength it feels like we're going to come awfully close if we don't match it. Just to hit the highlights, Fantastic Four has generated almost $250 million in worldwide box office to date, Die Hard 4 has already grossed about $325 million, and The Simpsons, which opened less than two weeks ago, has already passed $325 million globally. What is important to note is that all three of these hits will go through the majority of their profit cycle in fiscal '08. They will all go through the entire world of their theatrical performance, all of them will be released globally on DVD, and most of them will be released globally, all of them will be released in the U.S. on pay TV and most of them will be released globally on pay TV. So the bulk of the ultimate benefit for all of those movies will go into our fiscal '08. We have a strong lineup for the rest of the year and we also have very strong strength at our television studio. So, again, we're pretty optimistic that we can maintain our operating momentum there. So a month into fiscal ’08, we have very strong operating momentum across all three of these segments, which starts us into the year with a very strong wind on our backs. Combining that with the growth engines that Rupert mentioned earlier and that Dave mentioned earlier, we think we are in a great position heading into next year. With that, we would be happy to turn it over and answer any questions you may have.
Operator: Indeed, well thank you very much Mr. Murdoch, Mr. Chernin, and our host panel, we do appreciate your time and that presentation and update today. Ladies and gentlemen, as you just heard, at this point we do welcome and encourage any questions or comments you may have. Once again, we will be taking questions first from members of the financial community, and then moving immediately to members of the press that have joined us today. (Operator Instructions) First in queue, we go to the line of Michael Nathanson - Bernstein. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Nathanson - Bernstein: Thanks, Brent. I have one for Dave. As part of your guidance, you just mentioned that you have about $340 million in investment spending in fiscal year '08. I wonder if you have any idea what that number would have been in fiscal year '07? Is My Network TV in those numbers for the development spending?
David DeVoe: I missed the second part of your question.
Michael Nathanson - Bernstein: The question is, do you include My Network TV in development spending when you give the total?
David DeVoe: No, My Network is not included in it. The number in fiscal '07 would have been about $180 million. Just one thing to point out, of that $340 million, roughly half of that is related to the UK print project. So in fiscal '09, that $170 million disappears.
Michael Nathanson - Bernstein: Can I just follow up on My Network TV? What where the losses this year? Can you give me a sense of what they were in fiscal year '07?
Peter Chernin: I don't think we have broken it out but look, I think it's safe to say that it has been a pretty big disappointment for us this year. Although it's also safe to say that even in the fourth quarter, our losses decreased by more than 50%. So the programming changes that we made in March which have significantly reduced our costs while at the same time improved our ratings performance should see us reduce our losses significantly in the coming year. But let's be clear, those were not tolerable losses for us last year. We think we've taken actions to improve them dramatically, though we still have a ways to go and we're determined to get there.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Representing Pali Capital, we go to the line of Richard Greenfield. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Greenfield - Pali Capital: A couple of questions, one just related to free cash flow which was quite a bit stronger than I think the expectation you had heading into the year. I wondered if you could give us a sense of what drove that free cash flow, whether there's any timing issues in there? Also, it looks like there was a significant increase in the other investment spending in your cash flow statement. Wondering if you could just give us some visibility to what was in there? Just a separate topic on the spread between your two share classes. It has widened back out pretty substantially now to an 8% spread. Could you give us any sense of where you think the buyback goes over time and how you can close this spread and why you think the spread still exists at this level? Thanks.
David DeVoe: Rich, there was a bit of timing in the free cash flow, but not much. There was a bit of CapEx that rolled over into the current year. A good portion of that improvement was we had lower taxes than we had anticipated. We're pretty conservative when we give guidance, as you know, and we did a great job really managing our inventories and receivables over the course of the year. So we're doing a really good job on that. In looking for next year, my guess is we're going to be a bit below that, and that's principally because next year will be probably the highest CapEx year that we're going to have as we complete the press project in the United Kingdom. Our taxes will go up somewhat, again, we will work on trying to moderate it. I think within the investment within other, the largest single investment was our investment in Fairfax, which we sold.
Richard Greenfield - Pali Capital: And then just on the spread between the share classes?
David DeVoe: I don't even know how to address it. We have been dealing with this and trying to reduce the spread for the last two years, and one of the reasons when we relocated to the United States. I mean part of it now is technical, a little bit of it's technical because now in Australia when they decide to put us back in the index, it's indexed for the voting shares.
Operator: Next representing Merrill Lynch we go to the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. A question for Peter and one for Rupert. Peter, on the $800 million to $1 billion targeted revenue for FIM, could you talk about the '08 drivers besides Google, whatever they are, direct advertising on new businesses? Rupert on Dow Jones, I think you did a great job outlining the drivers and how it fits into News Corp. I was just wondering if you could be more specific in terms of the savings in dollars and what you think the revenue upside might be? If you could outline for us what rights CNBC has and how FOX Business can use The Wall Street Journal, if they can?
Peter Chernin: I will start with the FIM stuff quickly, Jessica. The expected increases in FIM should be about 50% coming off the Google deal, because not that much of the Google deal was actually in fiscal '07, and about 50% coming from rest of the business. Of the rest of the business piece, continued growth in advertising continued just from both additional page views. We are experiencing great general growth and we're also looking at SDC and improved targeting to significantly increase our ECPMs on the business. The other area of the business that's growing healthily right now in terms of revenue is our international business. We keep launching new territories, but we're seeing some real growth coming out of the UK, Australia, Canada, Germany, Spain. Some of those bigger countries are now starting to generate some much-improved advertising economies. So the overall revenue increase is about half Google, about half advertising, and that advertising is a function just general growth, improved targeting and monetization through the SDC and the increase of ECPMs because of it, and international growth.
Rupert Murdoch: On the CNBC contract, it's a five-year run. It's between GE and Dow Jones. As far as brand names are concerned, it's pretty all-encompassing but only covers actual news and access to reporters on business news. There's a lot of other news and a lot of other things we can do to associate ourselves.
Peter Chernin: I would add, Jessica, that we have been spending a lot of time, Rupert and I, with Roger and his team going through the plans for the Business Channel. We have enormous confidence in their ability to put together a terrific differentiated product that is really going to stand out in this market, generate ratings and consumer excitement on its own, and we'll look at anything that comes from Dow Jones as gravy as it develops.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Then just on the specifics of Dow Jones in terms of savings and revenue upside over the next year or so?
Rupert Murdoch: I cannot really be specific about the revenue upside because that relates to the advertising market which in print as you know, has not been good, and to where we can go with the web properties which we think is very, very considerable. In actual savings, this is a rough statement, but in operations and in cutting out a lot of the functions of Dow Jones as a public company, this is something well in excess of $50 million to be saved.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And then timing of the close?
Rupert Murdoch: We would have it in three months, or in two months, but let's say three to four months; by the end of the year.
Operator: Thank you very much, Ms. Reif-Cohen. Next representing Goldman Sachs we have a question from Anthony Noto. Please go ahead, sir.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much, a couple of questions about FIM. The 20% operating margins in 2008, does that include a loss internationally, and so the actual domestic margins are quite higher than that? If so, how much would you still be losing internationally? Domestically, the revenue in other accelerated to 88% growth, and I know that includes another a lot of other factors besides FIM, but 88% year-over-year growth compared to 77% growth last quarter, I was wondering if you could talk about the sources of that acceleration, whether it's a benefit from profile targeting or it's Google or just better sell-through in general?
Rupert Murdoch: On the international, I don't think we expect to lose any money at all. The revenues are very good and are helping. When we said 20%, we said well above 20%. We were not specific because it depends on Google writedowns and so forth. Peter might want to add to that. Targeting is not really in force here.
Peter Chernin: What I would say is international is a rapidly evolving area. So we lose a little bit of money as we go into a territory, and then those territories mature fairly quickly. So as I said earlier, some of the bigger, well-developed economies that we've been in for more than six or nine months are actually very profitable for us. As we go into a new territory, we invest a little bit to get there. But overall, those margins are not as aggressive as our U.S. margins yet. But places like the UK are getting there pretty quickly. We also said well above 20%, so I don't want to sort of say that that's going to be our margin, we're just trying to put a fairly conservative number in there. Look, we will continue to invest in FTC and targeting and other monetization efforts. We're also continuing to invest in new product groups and I think we are extremely proud of our achievements with the video side of MySpace, MySpace TV, which we are now a firm second place to YouTube. We're starting to see huge increases in the number videos uploaded. We've made a number of content deals with various suppliers. So we think that has been a great investment. We're investing in various apps and various widgets. So while we have this big growth in revenue, we also think it's important that we continue to invest in the product and continue to invest in our ability to monetize the product. So we don't want to over promise and sort of choke the business on margins in the short-term because we believe that this is going to be a huge growth driver for years ahead for us, and we need to keep investing to make sure the product is great and our ability to monetize it is great. The other improvement, just to your question about what the improvement in the other category has been. We had a big cricket investment that we had to writedown last year, and that does not recur in '08.
David DeVoe: So what you have, in the current quarter, you've got $75 million of revenues and zero earnings because we took the writedown of that contract in the third quarter.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: One other question maybe on the Wall Street Journal online. Rupert, have you thought about the strategic debate of whether or not opening up the Wall Street Journal Online to be a free service would increase the opportunity there compared to its currently closed garden approach?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, we are currently debating that, both within Dow Jones and in News Corporation and we've certainly come to no decision yet. It would be a very, I think, an expensive thing to do in the short-term. In the long-term, it may be a wonderful thing to do. But we're looking at it closely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: Given the strength you outlined and all of the strategic moves you've already announced, I would think the best use of cash would be aggressively repurchasing shares. It looks like you will have over $5 billion of cash once all your asset sales and acquisitions are done. I think Rupert you made a comment about finishing out the current authorization, but can you give us some background as to how we should think about cash deployment looking forward?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes. We have said we will complete what we've committed to, and of course when we have done that, we'll look at it again and see what the price of the stock is, where we are, and our opportunity. We think that in terms of gross debt, if we look at that, we're at about the right level. You could borrow another $1 billion perhaps, but nothing massive. We certainly don't want to go to banks to borrow money to buy back shares. In this market, cash is going to be king.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: I meant to be implicit in the question is since you've been so busy on the strategic side, is there anything else out there on the acquisition side that you are finding tempting?
Rupert Murdoch: We don't have anything going on at the moment at all, but we're open to ideas and open to opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse: I wondered if Mr. Murdoch would be kind enough to outline some of the advertising assumptions underpinning your guidance for the full year, and specifically your expectation for advertising growth in the UK, the US and Australia?
Rupert Murdoch: The advertising, of course varies widely here, and that guidance is based on the upfront, what has been booked and our early experiences operating in this year. As for Australia and Britain, they were very carefully based on estimates of those economies and how we're operating. So far, we're certainly making our numbers, or beating them in our newspapers in Australia and in Britain.
Peter Chernin: Jolanta, I would just say that our guidance assumes generally about an 8% advertising growth across the company. As Rupert said, most of that based on the upfront, and also based on the current strong -- extremely strong -- scatter across all of our television businesses in the U.S., and that feels like a good assumption right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Alexander - JB Were.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: Sky Italia, the momentum in that business appears pretty strong at the moment, just wondering the outlook for FY '08. Can we expect a similar sort of growth mid-400,000 sub adds, churn of around 10% and similar ARPU, just give us about another $200 million in operating income?
Rupert Murdoch: That's approximately our expectation, that's about it.
Adam Alexander - JB Were: When do think would be the ideal time to IPO that business?
Rupert Murdoch: Maybe never. We might take in for a small amount a good Italian partner for political reasons, but I think to have 30,000 or 40,000 shareholders there doesn't do anybody any good. It would just be a pain in the neck.
Peter Chernin: We're certainly not interested in IPO’ing it for financial reasons. We believe it's going to be a very strong growth driver for years to come, and we want to hold onto that inside the company.
Rupert Murdoch: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Jacoby - Banc of America.
Jonathan Jacoby - Banc of America: Again on MySpace, AOL and Yahoo! talked about display ad weakness on their prime inventory. Are you seeing that as a benefit to you right now as MySpace ramps and being able to make advertisers more comfortable with the medium? And then on TV syndication for next year from the TV studio side, I believe King of the Hill is in the pipe. Is there anything else for FY '08?
Peter Chernin: Yes. I would say, first of all, I think one of the things, certainly our anecdotal information tells us that one of the problems that Yahoo! and AOL have been struggling with is the migration of regular advertisers to the social networks, primarily MySpace. So I think we have seen the benefit of people who wanted to reach mass audiences used to feel like the only place to do that was through the portals, and I think you've seen, particularly those people interested in reaching younger demographics, shifting their money from the portals to the social networks and particularly MySpace. So I think we have a beneficiary of that and we would expect to see that continue. We would also expect to see our monetization of those dollars improve dramatically through more targeting and through FTC. In terms of syndication, actually King of the Hill has been in syndication for four or five years, although ironically, is having a very strong year this year. The big change in our syndication lineup in fiscal '08 is that Family Guy goes into syndication next month. So we will see that go into our fiscal '08 results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder: Rupert, if you look out five years at your print business, not just The Journal, but your global print businesses, how much more digital are they going to be? What percent of revenue do you think will be digital as opposed to the way it is today?
Rupert Murdoch: I have no idea. It's going to be considerably more. Our revenues on our newspaper websites are doubling every year at the moment. Now the figures are small compared to what the print revenue is, but clearly it's going to get a lot better. All indications are that people who go to newspapers sites are relatively very high demographics with much more than the average web visitor. So we think they're desirable to advertisers, we can get good cost per thousands and we just have to keep improving those sites all the time so that we get more unique visitors.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: I had one question on the guidance. It just seemed like the guidance sounds relatively cautious here, even given the investments that you spoke about, it just seems like with Sky Italia ramping up nicely, the benefit of the Google deal, the nice price increases at FOX Net and all of the other FOX News affiliate fees kicking in for the full year... I was just wondering why you feel that you can't do much better than the low teens that you spoke about? Separately, I guess this is for Rupert. Can you perhaps suggest what you think --
Rupert Murdoch: If you add back the $340 million we talked about in developing new properties, it adds up to more than 20% of guidance. So one thing we don't want to do is come back to you and take guidance down. We haven't done that yet and we don't intend to.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Okay, that's fair enough. Separately, I was wondering, can you comment on what you think the value of MySpace today might be, and if you strategically might have any interest in contributing that stake to a large portal to accelerate monetization of that asset? I think Yahoo! has been mentioned in that context. Any comment?
Rupert Murdoch: No. It's certainly very, very valuable, and people are kicking around huge figures for that and other properties. People are talking of properties that don't even make any money yet but are worth $1 billion. Someone the other day said $25 billion to $30 billion, but he didn't come forward with any offer.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor’s: Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: I don't know. Look, it's a lot of money. We don't know.
Operator: Your next question comes from Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns.
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Peter, can you just update us on the negotiations with the Writer's Guild? I think that's still ongoing. If you cannot get to an agreement, is that potentially problematic for the industry? Secondly, with respect to Dow Jones, Rupert, are you committed to keeping all of the assets of Dow Jones, things like the community papers?
Rupert Murdoch: I will answer that very quickly, that last bit. No, we will probably be selling the local newspapers fairly quickly. But outside of that, yes, we think we will be keeping everything and developing it.
Peter Chernin: The Writer's, very slow, not particularly productive negotiations so far. My guess is that contract expires at the end of October. I don't believe they will go out on strike at the end of October, but I don't know. I'm probably a little more pessimistic about a general industry strike closer to the expiration of the Directors and Screen Actor Guild, and maybe two out of three of them will go out together May/June of next year. I don't think it will have much, if any, impact on our business this year, although there has been a lot of accelerated production across the industry by companies like ours, both on the film side and the television side, in order to make sure that if there is a strike, we're well positioned for it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Pollak - Macquarie Bank.
Alex Pollak - Macquarie Bank: I have a couple of questions. The first one concerns whether you think that the growth in web advertising, how much of that is going to come from video on the newspaper web sites? How much do you think that's going to come out of screen ads, like video ads on newspaper websites? It seems to be like a contestable market on the newspaper websites which you did not have before broadband came along. My next question was, we've seen this whole sub-prime thing on Wall Street. Do you see it having any impact in terms of the ad market on Main Street?
Rupert Murdoch: It goes beyond Wall Street. I think it goes into Australia too, doesn't it? The consensus opinion here is that it is a matter which the financial markets will be able to handle, without affecting the general economy to much. There are pessimists who go further than that, and there are optimists who are really not as strong as that. But it's going to make money more expensive.
David DeVoe: We're not seeing any effect of that at all on our businesses, at least right now.
Rupert Murdoch: None at all. I mean, the state of the advertising market suggests confidence and optimism out of the general economy with big ads for business.
Peter Chernin: Yes, and as for video advertising, I would expect there to be dramatic increases in video advertising across all properties on the web. Obviously, newspaper and print properties, but also things like MySpace, things like ours sports web sites, things like IGN and I think it will perhaps rival search as the fastest-growing area of advertising in the industry over the next several years. We think that we are uniquely positioned to benefit from that.
Alex Pollak - Macquarie Bank: By extension, I guess it may be the largest single component of the ad market online as well. Would that be a fair statement?
Rupert Murdoch: It's too early to say that.
Peter Chernin: I don't think it will surpass search. I think search will remain the largest segment, but I think you will see video advertising begin to move up and compete and probably ultimately surpass regular display advertising.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet - Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: I guess when all the Dow Jones stuff was hitting the newswires, I don't know if it got enough attention, but can I just go back to the decision on your part to divest of the Russian outdoor business, the smaller TV stations and Gemstar? I really was just more curious about the strategic thoughts behind each one of those asset sales and then potential uses of cash. Are you just going to use the proceeds to build up your cash balance? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: I think it's not because of Dow Jones. There are different reasons in each case. But we thought that to put the whole Gemstar thing behind us, and it was a good thing and we have had several inquiries about it, so we're going ahead to negotiate and see what's there. In terms of outdoor, I think we're just a little nervous about Russia, although I believe there's going to be a great boom there, whoever buys it will do very well.
Peter Chernin: I think in general, it's sort of what Rupert alluded to in his comments, which is we're continually rebalancing our assets, trying to make sure that we have maximum exposure to growth areas like digital and television in developing parts of the world and that we're constantly looking at our more mature assets and making sure that we have the right mix of cash flow that comes out of those, along with growth drivers in position for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Two quick questions, one on guidance. Can you talk about what your newspaper assumptions are perhaps underlying the guidance? Should we expect growth out of that business, or does the upgrade continue to weigh on that? So basically, should we assume any margin expansion there? Secondly, as we have been digging into Dow Jones, we've found that they are paying vendors like Yahoo! Finance to actually carry their stories. I would think, given that they provide all of the value, it should be the other way around. So maybe talk about how you think about that, because there seems to be a lot of way to extract value out of that where Dow Jones is not to today. Thanks.
David DeVoe: The newspapers, there's going to be some increase in earnings in the current year, but the large increase in earnings in the newspaper segment will come in fiscal '09 when this $170 million of charges that we have in the current year disappear.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: That excludes the gain, correct?
Rupert Murdoch: We've had very large depreciation charges in Britain, but we are doing well. Our papers are improving, we have been in a more dominant position than we have before in a very, very competitive market. So we are confident about the future there. In Australia, it's the same, I think it will reflect the state of the economy, and we will grow. The media situation there is fairly static in that there are no more television stations. The web businesses are growing. We're doing everything we can there and supporting the newspapers, but there, the circulations are holding well. In case of The Australian, it is growing virally without any promotion. We're pretty happy about the situation with newspapers as they stand. They're not going to have the growth outside of the one big jump in Britain. They're not going to have the growth that we're going to have on the web. But they're still going to be very, very important cash contributors to the company.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Can you answer the Dow Jones question?
Peter Chernin: We just think there's great value in their financial information and we'll maximize it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Fraser McLeish - ABN Amro.
Fraser McLeish - ABN Amro: Just on the outdoor business that's up for sale, I was wondering if you could just give us some rough ideas of what sort of operating profit that's doing within your other category at the moment, and maybe some ballpark idea of valuation?
Gary Ginsberg: We don't break it out.
David DeVoe: We do not break out that business given that we're in the middle of trying to sell the asset.
Fraser McLeish - ABN Amro: Just on STAR then, you talked quite a bit about that in your Q3 results. That's been a bit disappointing and I think you said the operating profit was down for the year. Have these issues been sorted out, and can we expect to see that return to growth next year?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, we have had almost a complete management change in India where we took our eyes off it and things started to go wrong there. We have a new team in now which we're very, very confident of. They're fine people, and we have got some things to absorb this year in the changeover, but we'll at least hold our profits there and increase them slightly, I think. But, we'll be losing a little bit of money and we're investing also in Indonesia and new channels.
Peter Chernin: I would expect the results to be flat in fiscal '08, but that being said, I agree with Rupert. We've actually made tremendous progress there. I think that we're making the following changes this year which I think should out us back on aggressive growth probably in the latter part of '08 and into '09, which is we need to change our programming mix. Our programming, while the ratings are still strong, has gotten far too expensive and we need to get new lower-cost programming in there to lower our expense base and also fuel our ratings. Secondly, we're looking at launching multiple new channels in fiscal '08 in India, so that is why the profits won't grow in '08, but that will lead to significant increased profits beyond that. We're seeing distribution increase, not only in India through Tata Sky and through the growth of cable, but also in Indonesia and the rest of the region. So we feel like the bad news is behind us and we're back, we're making the investments and we have the strategy in place to get this thing growing aggressively in some of the most exciting economies in the world going forward.
Gary Ginsberg: Brad, we'll take one more question from the investment community and then go right to the press.
Operator: Very good, and thank you very much to all of our participants and your interest in the call today. As you just heard, our final financial question is from Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Rupert, you mentioned that the broader advertising environment is one of confidence and optimism, and I just thought that is somewhat divergent from some of the reports from local advertising firms like radio and TV stations, newspapers, outdoor. I'm just wondering, some of these local advertisers are being affected by dislocation in the categories of financial services and real estate. Is there not weakness in those categories broadly? And if there is not, why don't you think that News Corp is seeing it relative to your competition? Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: I think there's always change in advertising between the different sectors and where it comes from. We're talking very broadly. Our figures are excellent, our reports from all of our sales directors are excellent. In fact, our bookings are first class. So we can only say how it is affecting us.
Peter Chernin: I think if you look at, first of all, the only one of those sectors we're in is the local station business. We are the market leader. We're growing market share virtually every quarter, and we don't have any real estate business on any of those local television stations. The only softness there is sort of comps in political spending last year and this year, and we expect to see political spending really take off in the latter part of this year in those local stations. So overall, that market is sort of flat. We're outperforming the market probably by a share point or two and growing market share, but we expect that market to accelerate as political, the one area that is down right now and as that ramps up, we expect that market to accelerate. Most of our other categories are actually up right now, including most importantly autos, which is our single largest advertiser and is actually a category that we've seen growth in this quarter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Ken Lee - Reuters.
Ken Lee - Reuters: I have one question, getting back to the CNBC contract and Dow Jones. Are you currently negotiating a buyout, and what do you estimate that would cost?
Rupert Murdoch: No, we're not negotiating.
Operator: Your next question comes from Miriam Steffens - Sydney Morning Herald.
Miriam Steffens - Sydney Morning Herald: How do you plan to leverage on the Dow Jones acquisition in Australia and the UK? For example, Stock Market Watch here or add Dow Jones copy to your news web sites?
Rupert Murdoch: Could you repeat that?
Miriam Steffens - Sydney Morning Herald: Are there any plans to leverage on the Dow Jones acquisition in Australia? For example, start MarketWatch, the web site here, or add Dow Jones copy to your news web sites?
Rupert Murdoch: We'll get around to that, but that's not high on our list of things to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aline van Duyn - Financial Times.
Aline van Duyn - Financial Times: I wanted to ask about possible expansion of the Wall Street Journal and Dow Jones in Europe. Are there likely to be different strategies for the UK and other parts of Europe? Specifically, I wondered if it's possible that expansion of The Journal in the UK market might have an adverse effect on The Times and potentially its audience or its advertisers?
Rupert Murdoch: We already have complete dominance, or very, very strong leadership, should we say, in senior management of business news in The Times over all other papers. So I don't see the Journal really affecting that.
Aline van Duyn - Financial Times: But you wouldn't necessarily want to expand it, particularly in the UK, in order not to expect that, or you don't think it would affect that?
Rupert Murdoch: I don't think it would affect that.
Aline van Duyn - Financial Times: So the UK is included in plans for Europe?
Rupert Murdoch: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Sutel - the Associated Press.
Seth Sutel - the Associated Press: Just a question about branding. Rupert, you said you have hopes for expanding the potential for Dow Jones' brand. I wondered if you could talk about that a little bit more, and perhaps some specific ideas you might have about licensing the name in ways that have not been done before, say for investment products or on media outlets that might carry the Dow Jones or the Wall Street Journal brand name?
Rupert Murdoch: I don't see us licensing the name very much; it's too valuable. We want to use it in every way ourselves that is going to make money. But you're not going to see Dow Jones shirts or caps or anything like that.
Seth Sutel - the Associated Press: Is there something that you might be planning internally that you might be able to share with us about how to use either the Dow Jones or the Wall Street Journal name within News Corp?
Rupert Murdoch: We have our own very, very strong bands, and we'll march them all along together.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Menn - Los Angeles Times.
 Joe Menn - Los Angeles Times: I understand that you're still kicking around exactly what to do with The Journal in particular, but you have talked about going after The Times. Can you give us an idea of some of the things that are on the table? Would you consider cutting subscription costs or cutting ad rates to build up an audience over the next couple of years?
Rupert Murdoch: We're certainly not going to be cutting of our advertising or subscriptions.
 Joe Menn - Los Angeles Times: I'm sorry -- could you repeat that?
Rupert Murdoch: We're not getting into any price war or any cutting of prices for either advertisers or subscriptions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nishant Bahia - National Public Radio.
Nishant Bahia - National Public Radio: I had a question about [Ottawa] newspapers. Are there any plans to sell or divest from it?
Rupert Murdoch: Can you speak up a little? On [Ottawa] newspapers, you said?
Nishant Bahia - National Public Radio: Yes, and do you have any plans to sell or divest from it.
Rupert Murdoch:  Too early to say plans, but yes, we would expect to divest ourselves of those newspapers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Clark - The Guardian.
Andrew Clark - The Guardian: I wondered if you could just update us on your thinking as regards to Wapping in London. There have been some reports that you might move your entire newspaper operation away from Wapping. Is that the case and have you identified a new location for it?
Rupert Murdoch: No, we have a very, very valuable property in Wapping. Of course, we're taking the printing away from it altogether. We may sell some land or if we were to move all the operations to somewhere else. I mean, there are the few proposals on the table, none of them have been accepted. But we're looking at our alternatives now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gillian Wee - Bloomberg.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg: I'm wondering if you can be more specific about your plans to expand Dow Jones' Internet access? Also, could you talk about any hiring or firing plans you might have?
Rupert Murdoch: No. Certainly, we don't have any firing plans at all. If people have been saying it is against their principles to work for me, we'll of course respect that but we are going to be in a hiring mode almost immediately.
Gillian Wee - Bloomberg: Okay, what about the Internet plans for Dow Jones?
Rupert Murdoch: I don't want to discuss them further at the moment. We have a lot of alternatives, a lot of planning going on. We're not ready to announce, I'm sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert MacMillan - Reuters.
Robert MacMillan - Reuters: I just wanted to ask regarding the editorial independence committee, after this news out about Nicholas Negroponte and the financial contribution that News Corp has made to his One Laptop per Child Program, I'm just wondering, especially after the Bancroft family's findings about editorial independence, what made you think that somebody like Negroponte was the right choice for your Board?
Rupert Murdoch: That's the greatest line of bull I've ever heard. The One Laptop per Child For the World was something that Negroponte got about six companies to give him a $1 million startup, and then it has continued at about $1 million a year for three years. It's a great pro bono thing, and that is all there is to it. I can assure you that the other people there on the committee are much closer friends and associates of the editors than Mr. Negroponte is to me.
Peter Chernin: There's no objective standard of independence as defined by the agreement, and so if they define him as independent, we define him as independent, then he's independent.
Operator: Your next question comes from Georg Szalai - The Hollywood Reporter.
Georg Szalai - The Hollywood Reporter: Peter, I was wondering if you have any update on the day and date trials you've been running with cable companies? Anything new there, any plans to expand those trials a little further?
Peter Chernin: I would say the results of that are highly inconclusive. Certainly, we are looking at always testing our models and making sure that we are maximizing our ability to get every penny out of every window we can, and we have agreed to continue the trials and I think we have actually expanded them into a couple of markets. But I don't think there's anything conclusive about the results of those trials yet, and certainly anything to suggest that we're about to change our overall strategy there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Max Bowie - Inside Market Data.
 Max Bowie - Inside Market Data : I wanted to ask a couple of questions about the plans for specific components of Dow Jones. Specifically, I'm thinking about the index business, and also the real-time newswires aimed at financial professionals. In particular, I'm thinking in the context of a report that I saw in The Telegraph claiming that Richard Zannino of Dow Jones had said that you want to be able to take on Bloomberg and Reuters in the provision of real-time financial news and data. Could you comment on that?
Rupert Murdoch: Of course, we would take on everybody in terms of the supply of real-time news. As for the indexes and the other things you've mentioned, they're valuable assets, which we intend to hold on to and expand. They're some of the attractions of the company.
Operator: Your final question comes from Staci Kramer - Paidcontent.org.
 Staci Kramer - Paidcontent.org : First, on the Wall Street Journal WSJ.com plans, who is making the decision on this? Are people from the Journal and Dow Jones going to be involved, or is this strictly a News Corp decision? The second question is, we've spent so much talking about FIM, I'm just curious as what you see as your best interactive effort of the U.S. and outside of MySpace international expansion?
Rupert Murdoch: Let's just take the first thing. Dow Jones should not be separated from News Corp, it's part of News Corp. Our senior colleagues there, with senior colleagues currently at News Corp, will talk this over and we'll come to a final decision. But we'll do it collectively.
Peter Chernin: As for our interactive assets outside of the U.S. and outside of I guess MySpace international, which is trying to preclude a lot of things, but I think there's a number of things we're very excited about. Whether it is hugely excited about the growth of broadband through BSkyB, hugely excited about all of our newspaper web sites, The Times, our Australian web sites, The Sun; hugely excited about some of our regular Internet investments, our realestate.com, our cars investment in Australia. So across the board and across what we have been trying to do is transform this into being a digital company, and virtually every part of the company has digital efforts outside of the U.S. We think we're making the progress on all of them.
Operator: Thank you very much. Mr. Murdoch and our team, back to you for any closing remarks.
Gary Ginsberg: I don't think we have any closing remarks, other than to say, as usual, if you have any further questions, feel free to contact us in New York. Thank you for your time and your attention for the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, Rupert is making today's call available for digitized replay, it's for one full week, it starts at 9:00 pm Eastern daylight time, August 8, all the way through 11:59 pm August 15. To access AT&T's executive replay service, please dial toll-free from North America 800-475-6701. At the voice prompt, enter today's conference ID 880387. Internationally, you may access the replay as well. Please dial 320-365-3844 with the conference ID 880387. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our fourth quarter 2007 earnings release for today. Thank you very much for your participation as well as for using AT&T's executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-05-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-02-07 06:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-11-08 20:45:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - IR   Dave DeVoe - CFO   Peter Chernin - President, COO
Analysts: Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein   Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch   Richard Greenfield - Pali Research   Aryeh Bourkoff - Deutsche Securities   Jolanta Masojada - UBS   Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Securities   Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities   Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers   Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor's   Jason Bazinet - Citigroup   Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns   Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan   Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets   Lowell Singer - Cowen & Co.   Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder   David Roberts – NDI Research
Journalists: Seth Sutel - Associated Press   Cecile Dorat - Bloomberg News   Lisa Murray - Sydney Morning Herald   Jane Schulz - The Australian   Georg Sealy - The Hollywood Reporter   Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times   Emma Alberici - ABC   John Higgins - Broadcasting & Cable Magazine   Ken Lee - Reuters
Operator: Good morning, good afternoon, good evening to our global audience today. This is News Corp's first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Here with our opening remarks is News Corp's Executive Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, Mr. Gary Ginsberg. Good afternoon, sir, and please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you, Brent. Good afternoon and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today to discuss our first quarter operating results. With me today are Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer of News; Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. Rupert Murdoch had hoped to be on the call today, but was unable to be due to a scheduling conflict and he sends his regrets. We will begin today’s call with Dave providing some financial analysis of the quarter that may not pop out from a reading of our results. Peter will then follow with some more detailed comments on why we're so bullish about our operating momentum for the remainder of this fiscal year. We will then go right into your questions, as Brent just said, first from the investment community and then from the press. Today's call is, of course, governed by the Safe Harbor provisions. On this call, we will make statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in News' public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to be materially different from those in the forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
Dave DeVoe: Gary, thank you and good afternoon, everybody. As you have seen in today's earnings release, we reported net income before cumulative effects of an accounting change of $843 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2007. This is a 45% increase over the first quarter a year ago. This net income improvement was largely the result of the gains from the sale of our interest in Sky Brazil and Phoenix, which are included in other income. As expected, our operating profit declined by $58 million to $851 million, principally due to the timing of home entertainment releases at our film segment. Results from our associates increased by $57 million to $243 million. This is primarily from increased contributions from our equity investment in DIRECTV. Earnings per share for this quarter were $0.27, a 50% increase over last year's $0.18. Excluding the other income gains, EPS was flat year on year. For the quarter, we had double-digit operating profit increases in the Company's television, cable networks and Sky Italia segments, which were more than offset by lower film contributions and higher other segment losses, in large part reflecting our new media acquisitions and initiatives. Given you now should have a copy of our earnings release, I'm not going to tie up your time running through the financials for each of the business segments. However, I would like to provide context for a couple of items as you look at the numbers. Our television segment operating income improved 20% to $192 million, driven principally by increases at the Fox Network. This is from higher pricing and reduced program cancellation costs, and at the stations from increased political revenue and market share gains. These results were partially offset by costs for the launch of MyNetworkTV. At our cable networks, we had a 26% improvement in operating profit to $249 million. That's a very solid result which continues the strong growth trends of these channels. The growth this quarter was led by increased subscriber revenues at the RSN. Sky Italia also continued to deliver strong financial growth, with local currency revenues up 20% and operating losses reduced by $48 million from year-ago levels. These financial improvements are largely driven by a 13% subscriber growth over the last 12 months. We finished the quarter with the 3.83 million subscribers, a 434,000 increase from the 3.4 million subs of a year ago. Net new subscriber acquisitions in the quarter were minimal, as the Italian soccer scandal greatly reduced the effectiveness of our soccer-related marketing program. For most of the quarter, the market was uncertain as to which teams would be demoted to Series B or C and the start of the soccer season was delayed by several weeks. As a result, we didn't see the typical acceleration of gross subscriber additions until close to the end of the quarter. In practical terms, our normally robust September selling month was limited by the scandal's uncertainty to a single week of selling efforts. Consequently, we achieved 150,000 gross subscriber additions in the quarter, down 24% compared to the first quarter a year ago. However, subsequent to the end of the quarter, due to both the soccer resolution and our current subscriber offer, we have seen an acceleration of subscriber additions, giving us great confidence in achieving our target of 4 million subscribers by December 31st. Given the difficulties surrounding soccer, we were also pleased with Sky's renewal of 94% of the 1.7 million contracts that expired in the quarter, keeping us on course for an annual churn rate of less than 10%. ARPU for the quarter was approximately EUR39, reflecting the price increase that went into effect last fall. And although SAC increased in the quarter to approximately EUR330, reflecting the lower gross additions versus a year ago, we estimate our full year SAC will approximate last year's level of EUR260. Our projected growth in subscribers, continued low churn rate and compelling program offer allows us to look forward to an approximate $200 million improvement in Sky Italia's results for this fiscal year. Turning to our newspaper business, you will see that the results were essentially flat with last year. However, it is worth noting that this year's earnings include the costs of our free newspaper and consumer magazine initiatives in the United Kingdom. Results at our other segment show a decline of $47 million. This primarily reflects the inclusion of the results from Fox Interactive Media and our mobile business, which were not included in last year's first quarter. It also includes the amortization of equity-based compensation awarded during fiscal 2006. At our film segment, operating income declined $129 million from last year's level primarily due to the timing of home entertainment releases and prior year’s television syndication sales. Last year's first quarter results included significant contributions from syndication sales of X-Files and Dharma and Greg to third-party cable networks. This year, we did not have any comparable syndication deals. Last year's first quarter also included the DVD release of the animated films Robots and Hide and Seek. While we did not have comparable home entertainment releases in the first quarter this year, the bulk of the financial benefits from our strong box office performance early in this calendar year will start to hit in our second quarter. This will include the home entertainment sales of X-Men 3 and Ice Age 2, so it positions us nicely for the rest of the year. Finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2007. Three months ago, in connection with our fiscal 2006 year end release, we indicated an expectation of operating income growth for the fiscal 2007 to be in the range of 14% to 16%. This guidance excluded a gain of approximately $140 million expected from the sale of property in the United Kingdom. Based on our actual results to date and our assumptions inherent in our projections, we remain comfortable with this expectation for fiscal 2007. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter for some additional comments.
Peter Chernin: Thank you, Dave, and good day, everyone around the world. Dave has taken you through our first quarter financial results, which were very much in line with our expectations heading into the fiscal year. Our operating income for the quarter was affected by several anticipated timing issues, yet as Dave mentioned, we still firmly expect to meet our original guidance of mid-teen operating income growth for fiscal '07. Let me take just a few minutes to give you some color on why we continue to be so confident in the remainder of this year, starting with our cable business. It's a business that continues to deliver strong double-digit profit growth and high margins, despite increased spending on programming and channel development. Now, I know a lot of you have heard plenty of talk during the cable upfront about how soft it was compared to broadcast. While that may have been the case for the larger market, it was certainly not the case for us. Our ability to deliver an audience that advertisers coveted, combined with our significant ratings increases over the past year at almost all of our channels, enabled us to grow CPMs at all of our channels while also achieving double-digit volume growth. Advertising continues to remain strong. During the first quarter, scatter advertising at our cable group was up in the high single-digit range, and we see that trend continuing through this quarter. Probably the biggest and most important development at our cable group is our recently completed Fox News affiliate negotiations with our cable partners at Cablevision and DIRECTV. Now, I am not going to get into the specifics, but what I will say is that we are extremely pleased with the deals that were struck, deals that will dramatically increase our affiliate revenues on Fox News beginning later this year. We expect to ramp up our affiliate fees with our other MSO partners in the years to come. Another reason we remain bullish on the remainder of fiscal '07 is that our ratings success over the past two years at the broadcast network, and our number one spot among adults 18 to 49 for two success consecutive seasons, is translating into real operating income growth, up 65% in the first quarter. As we move towards January, with the BCS, with hits like American Idol and 24 returning, combined with House, Prison Break and our Sunday night animation lineup, we believe we're poised for a very solid year at the network. The success of our broadcast network is also helping our station group. Market share is at record levels, and we are benefiting from a stronger ad environment that has also included record political spending over the past several months, and we are only sorry that the election didn't go on another couple of weeks. One of our biggest growth drivers for the current fiscal year will certainly be Sky Italia. Profit growth of $48 million in the first quarter is just the beginning. As Dave said, subscriber additions in the quarter were light, but that fact was due almost entirely to the much-publicized soccer scandal. The delay of the season by several weeks and Uventis' drop to Series B caused some uncertainty in the marketplace, delaying subscriber signups. Since the start of quarter 2, however, sub additions have returned to normal levels for this traditionally hectic selling season. As Dave said, if the additions continue at the current rate, we expect to pass the 4 million subscriber mark by the end of the calendar year. There were other positive signs in the quarter for Sky Italia, as Dave mentioned. ARPU increased, primarily as a result of a price increase implemented a year ago. Despite these price increases, nearly 95% of the subscriber contracts were renewed, and that is particularly significant given that more than 50% of our subscribers come up during that first quarter. The final reason we are very confident about the remainder of fiscal 2007 is the robust growth we expect to achieve at our film business throughout the remainder of the year. Our box office success earlier this calendar year has set us up to have a very strong remainder of the year in film. Just look at the DVDs we will be selling in the second quarter alone. We released X-Men 3 on October 2, the second day of the quarter. We have already shipped over 9 million units to date, and are firmly on track to sell all of those units. Ice Age 2 we expect to be one of the biggest DVDs of the year, coming off more than $635 million in worldwide box office. It's set to hit the streets on November 21. We have actually already released it in certain Latin American and European territories to excellent results. We expect sales of Ice Age 2 to significantly exceed those of X-Men 3. If you throw in The Devil Wears Prada, Garfield, Omen, et cetera, we expect to ship more than 30 million DVD units of new releases in the second quarter alone, which I think is a pretty strong figure when you hear all the talk about DVD sales slowing down. We have also continued to be on a real roll theatrically, most recently with our Searchlight hit, Little Miss Sunshine. Cost was just over $10 million, and we expect to gross more than $60 million in the U.S. alone, and that was done with a very low-key, inexpensive ad campaign, so that film will be very profitable for us. We also have great slate set for the remainder of the year, including the incredible buzz and attention we're getting on Borat, which is within its first five days of release on a very, very limited number of theaters, has already done more than $50 million in worldwide box office and is a big hit in essentially every territory around the world in which we've released it. Follow that up with what I believe will be two of the biggest holiday films this year, the fantasy adventure picture Eragon and the much-anticipated Ben Stiller comedy, Night at the Museum. All three of these movies are on track to do, I think, extremely well theatrically, but more importantly, will all be released on DVD before the fiscal year is out. So as you can see, while timing issues may have affected our film entertainment results in the quarter, our key growth drivers all remain in place, and we still anticipate very strong gains for this fiscal year. So overall, I think a very strong, solid picture gathering momentum going into the next three quarters of the fiscal year. With that, Dave and I will be happy to answer any questions any of you may have.
Operator: Indeed, well thank you very much Mr. Chernin and Mr. DeVoe, we do appreciate your time in that overview today. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein.
 Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. I would like to follow up on Sky Italia, and then one on advertising, if I could. On Sky Italia on the last call, you had stated that you believed that the soccer scandal would not impact sub adds, but it did. So I wonder in a typical quarter, first quarter, what percentage of sub adds usually come in September? Is that a heavily-weighted month within the quarter? How does it usually break?
Dave DeVoe: Michael, a year ago we had about 85,000 adds. So that was the extent of how we were affected. It was significant.
 Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: That mostly comes through September?
Dave DeVoe: Yes, correct.
 Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: So one month is most of the sub adds in the quarter?
Dave DeVoe: That's correct.
 Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Turning to Peter, typically News Corp has never been a big political advertiser. Political has not been a big driver of station revenues, typically. So it sounds like this year is a bit different. What was your overall station growth this quarter? How is fourth quarter pacing on the station side? There has been some discussion about MyNetworkTV stations. What kind of growth are you seeing at the MyNetworkTV station level?
Peter Chernin: Well, I don't have the final political numbers, but our political numbers have been growing with each election, I think largely as a function of both the growth in the quality of our news, and also the addition of additional news in new markets. I don't have the final numbers. Plus the overall robustness of the news marketplace. So we feel pretty good about that overall. Our stations have had I would say solid mid single-digit growth during the quarter, and we believe we're on track to continue that. MyNetworkTV, I would say that the launch has been a little bit softer than we expected, and we are keeping a close eye on it. I think that those stations have gone through a complete transformation. They were largely going dark in the final months of UPN. We have brand new programming and a brand new type of programming on there and so we are keeping a close eye on it and supporting it with marketing and looking forward to the next chapters of the shows.
 Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs.
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Thank you very much. My question is related to the other revenue line, which includes, obviously, the interactive business. It looks like that revenue line accelerated on a year-over-year basis to 45% year-over-year growth compared to the June quarter that grew 29% year over year. I was wondering if you could delineate for us the drivers of that growth as it relates to the online business in terms of page views, CPM increases and sell-through? Then I have a follow-up to that. Thanks.
Dave DeVoe:
Peter Chernin: I didn't hear the second part of the question, Anthony.
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Peter, I was basically just wondering, with that acceleration in growth of 45% from 29%, how would you break it out? Is it due to a faster page view growth, greater CPM increases or better sell-through?
Peter Chernin: I would say it's due to all of them, although I think the primary things are better sell-through, higher quality ads. Clearly, page views have been going up, but I think much more importantly, we have more page views than we know what to do with, quite honestly. So I think it has been a function of better sell-through, higher rates on our key display ads. So I think it's a combination of those two, much more than it is sort of higher page views, or even frankly, a higher number of registered users. I think that's the key trend for us on FIM going forward, is our continued ability to grow our monetization of the existing strength that we have, which we are feeling very good about the increases going on.
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Which tees me up very well for the next question. Could you give us a sense of your monetization rate compared to others in the industry? Are you running at a third of their monetization rate, 50% of it, 60%? Because it's extraordinary. I mean, you're driving $123 million of incremental revenue sequentially versus $90 million last quarter, which is a big step up. I just want to make sure we're not at the ninth inning instead of the third.
Peter Chernin: I think the comparisons are so wide, ranging from premium sites like Yahoo!, to small or little sites. So it's very difficult to do a broad comparison. But I think our view is that we are still in the very, very early stages, if you look at metrics like revenue per user, revenue per page view. We have got so much volume, and we are still in the very early stages of monetizing that. As has been pretty well reported, beginning later this fiscal year, but more importantly next fiscal year, we will see a big jump in just our search monetization as the Google deal kicks through.
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch.
 Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: The first question relates to FIM. When do you expect to get to breakeven, and what are your investment priorities in this area?
Peter Chernin: Well, we are actually profitable now, if you take out management retention and amortization. So I don't have a target date for overall breakeven, but I believe it will come pretty quickly. Our targets for acquisition, strategically right now, I would say are first of all, we're not on a huge acquisition hunt, so I want to be clear about that. But I think that there are a couple of broad areas. We want to keep looking for additional applications which bolt-on to MySpace. We think the platform is so strong, and we think that there are additional applications which will both improve user usage and also improve monetization. We are continuing to look at various opportunities in our content business. And then I would say, we're also very actively involved in every Web 2.0 application, which relates either to content or to social networking.
 Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: My final question, it sounds like from the press this week that you're much closer to getting Fox businesses launched, at least with Comcast. Can you put any kind of timeframe on this at this point? Are the negotiations tied at all to the Fox News Channel?
Peter Chernin: I don't want to put a specific timetable. I would echo what we've said consistently, which is, we believe we have much greater clout than we had in years past, and we have an opportunity to sign up a large number of subs before we launch, thereby avoiding the peak investments that we had to make on some of our previous cable channel launches. We have always said that we look at that number as being above $30 million, and we are getting pretty close to that number. So I would hope that a launch announcement would follow that pretty rapidly. We have absolutely not tied any Fox business negotiations to Fox News negotiations. I think our view was that we wanted to use the strength we had with Fox News to maximize our affiliate rate on Fox News alone, and not try and spill some of that over into trying to achieve something else. So the negotiations we have had on Fox business right up until now have all been completely separate from the Fox News renewal rates. Our plan is to continue that going forward. Our plan is to do the Fox News renewal rates on a standalone basis, and really focus on trying to get the value that we think we've deserved after ten years of growth and ten years of record results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Greenfield - Pali Research.
 Richard Greenfield - Pali Research: Two questions. One, could you talk to IGN? It's a business that really has gotten lost in the MySpace buzz over the last 12 months. We're heading into a video game cycle with the PS3 about to launch. Maybe give us some sense of how is IGN doing? What are its prospects? Any type of key metrics to reinforce that part of the business that we have not had as much visibility on, press-wise at least? Peter, when you look at the Fox Network this year, clearly, the fall schedule, a bunch of the new shows that you have created don't seem like they have launched terribly well. I am just wondering, it seems like you have been in this position a lot over the last several years in the early part of the fall. Maybe just comment on your thoughts on the early part of the season. Thanks.
Peter Chernin: I would say, Rich, on IGN, we believe that we're coming out of the trough of the inter-cycle slowdown in game sales. From a metric point of view, after declines in uniques and things like that, we're back to the level we were a year ago, which is probably pretty much the first time in three or four quarters that we have been there. We are seeing acceleration. We're really looking forward to the PlayStation 3 launches this weekend in Japan and next weekend in the U.S., and I think while it won't have a huge number of consoles in the market, I think it will begin to focus real attention and excitement on the sector. I think that Xbox will start promoting aggressively again to compete. So we believe that momentum is accelerating. We're also seeing some other benefits of IGN that we are very pleased with. There is a technology that was included in there called Direct to Drive, which is a means of downloading large files, and we have been using that to download some of our movie and television content on all of our web sites. The early results of that have been very exciting. So we think that we're going to see gathering momentum, particularly as we move towards the end of the fiscal year. I think what you want to do is get a bunch of new consoles and a bunch of new games, and our advertising tends to be driven less on the consoles themselves than on software ads. So I would hope towards the end of the fiscal year, and particularly going into fiscal '08, to see a lot of gathering momentum in IGN.
 Richard Greenfield - Pali Research: Can you quantify how big the business is today?
Peter Chernin: No, we're not breaking out the business. In terms of the network, I think it's safe to say, it has not been a stellar fall launch for us. I think the positives are, we're certainly much steadier than we have been in years past. I think the great strength of House, the great strength of Prison Break, the great strength of our Sunday night animation means that we are not in the black hole that we were in the past, but we are certainly not pleased or satisfied with the new dramas we have launched, although we are continuing to hang in there for a while. We're also very pleased and excited with we have two mid-season dramas and a third mid-season comedy which will launch. I guess the one benefit is, we have been here so often that people write us off in the fourth quarter and we come roaring back in the second half of the year and win the season. I am not in the Joe Namath business of predicting we're going to win the Super Bowl every year, but I think we are in as good a position as we have been in recent years going into the second half of the fiscal year. We have got much more solid anchors. The 24 season looks great. The American Idol contestants look great and we believe we have good mid-season stuff combined with the strength of House and Prison Break and the Sunday night animation lineup. So I guess the only benefit I can say is we have been there before, so we are probably less panicked about it, but we're certainly not satisfied with our performance, and we would expect to have much better performance with our mid-season shows.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS.
 Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS : Good evening. You hit a lot of numbers, but one area of out-performance in a difficult quarter was film. You got above 20%, 21% margins. Do you think that's sustainable to get above those levels, or just keeping these levels here, given the nature of the DVD cycle? Obviously, you have some good titles you mentioned, but these are pretty good margins. Can you hold them? Secondly, with respect to DIRECTV and your now 39% stake in DIRECTV. Any sort of Liberty timing? Does a DIRECTV run-up in the stock price almost prohibit that deal from happening now because you've had such a great move in the stock? Is Liberty sort of less enamored to do that deal, or do you think that you could do a below-market deal to get that moving? Just any commentary on that would be great. Thanks.
Peter Chernin: I guess I will start the second one, and maybe Dave wants to jump in. Certainly, a run-up in price does not prohibit any sort of deal. We have been, I think as Greg talked about on his conference call earlier in the week, we have been having very constructive talks. Beyond that, if and when we have something to announce, we will announce it. But talks are going constructively. There's nothing that has happened that prohibits anything and we believe that we are in positive discussions. I don't know if you want to anything to that, Dave, before I go to the movie side?
Dave DeVoe: No, I think that's right. We probably have been in advanced discussions now from where we were about two or three months ago. It is a complicated deal. I agree with you. I don't think the price necessarily prohibits the deal. We are in discussions. We will just see where we go. But as soon as we have something to report, we will tell you.
Peter Chernin: Certainly no change or run-up in price has affected that. In terms of the movie side, I guess if we can maintain these margins if we continue to make really great movies. Look, I would say the following: which is, obviously, I am extremely pleased with that operation and their financial discipline, which is what really drives our ability to monetize our revenues at a significantly higher margin rate than anybody else in the industry. That discipline isn't going to change. In fact, I think that discipline largely increases every month, and we continue to really claw at every angle of our business. I would say that based on the information I know today, I probably feel better than I have about it in some time. I think that while we had high hopes for the Borat release, I don't think anybody ever anticipated that we could have a $26 million opening weekend on 800 screens. I think it's the highest per-screen average on a release that size in history, to the best of my knowledge, and coupled with big, big results in the UK and Germany and throughout Western Europe. So I think that, and then the quality of Night at the Museum and Eragon going into the quarter gives me pretty good confidence that we can continue and maybe even accelerate our momentum on the film side. But ultimately, it is a function of the individual titles, and if we put out some bad titles in there or put out some titles that the audience does not like, it will certainly have an effect on us. But sitting here today, I probably feel better about it that I have in some time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse.
 Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse : Thanks very much. Can you update us on your thoughts on a possible Sky Italia IPO, what the timing for that would be, and the reasons you would consider such a transaction? Secondly, a follow-up on Liberty. If the deal does involve DIRECTV, can you talk about how you think that leaves the Company strategically positioned without DIRECTV?
Dave DeVoe: Peter, do you want me to deal with Sky Italia?
Peter Chernin: Sure.
Dave DeVoe: We have no plans to do an IPO of Sky Italia. There's a lot of talk about it in the press, but we have absolutely no plans to do it, whether now and in the future. The only reason we would contemplate it would be if we thought there were some issues with respect to the political landscape within Italy that would cause us to do that.
Peter Chernin: I don't want to speculate on the sale of DIRECTV, but what I would say is obviously, we wouldn’t even consider it if we thought it would have any detrimental effects on our strategic positioning. We feel that the two most relevant areas are our relationships with other cable operators and our ability to monetize our content across broad platforms. Both of those areas we think we have great strength. We have got such strength between the performance of our various cable networks, our sports position, our retransmission consent position, that we are happy to hold our own. We also have good relationships with the cable operators, as I think was evidenced by a much smoother negotiation with Cablevision than I think almost anyone anticipated on Fox News. In terms of our ability to widely distribute and monetize our content, we have no doubts about that channel. We still have about as wide a distribution platform as any other media company, and I think you see the growing new platforms around the world, in not only cable and satellite, but IPTV and video on demand and Internet distribution. We are pretty confident about our strategic positioning. While I am not going to speculate on DIRECTV, we would not contemplate or even consider a deal if we thought it would have any negative impacts on our overall position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Securities.
 Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Securities : Thanks. A question and a follow-up. I'm interested in what is engendering your confidence in the Sky Italia profit target this year? The $40 million improvement in the first quarter benefited from lower gross adds, so in theory, you're not really on pace to the $200 million number if you had normal gross adds in the quarter. So the first question is, what happens in the next three quarters that accelerates that profit ramp when you start adding subs?
Dave DeVoe: I think our confidence is really based on our confidence that we're going to get to 4 million subs in December. But beyond that, when we provide guidance we are providing within a range and we've provided a range within Sky Italia, and we feel highly confident that we're going to meet our target of $200 million turnaround by the end of the year.
 Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Securities : As a follow-up, Peter, you mentioned in your comments high single-digit scatter in the first quarter. Was that volume year to year, or a CPM price increase over the upfront metric? When you look into 2Q, where are you under the new upfront? If you can give us a sense of the scatter market for broadcast and cable in 2Q, that would be helpful.
Peter Chernin: First of all, the number I mentioned was actually a specific cable number. I didn't mention a broadcast number. But I would say that our broadcast scatter has been pretty solid up low to mid single-digits over our upfront pricing, and we feel pretty good about our upfront. It certainly felt very good. We have sold a lot of volume in the upfront, so we don't have a tremendous amount of scatter right now, but what we do, we tend to be selling up in the low to mid-single digits.
 Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Securities : And the cable scatter into 2Q, is that pricing still good?
Peter Chernin: Yes, the cable scatter in the Q2 pricing is holding up well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities.
 Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. I had two as well. Just to follow-up on the FIM profitability question, I think last quarter you talked about a $250 million revenue increase this year for fiscal 2007 versus fiscal 2006. I was wondering if you could talk about how much of that you think can fall to the bottom line? Or phrased differently, at what point do the OpEx costs stop scaling at the same pace? The other question was just quickly on Fox News, if you could talk about what's driving the cost there, particularly since presumably we should have had relatively easy comps this quarter against the Katrina coverage last year.
Peter Chernin: I would say, while we are not breaking out FIM profit targets, the one target we had mentioned was to do in excess of $500 million in revenue this year. We expect to be on that track. I would say that we will begin to see some slowdowns in OpEx. We continue to closely watch the business and are certainly willing to invest in our ability to achieve greater monetization. But I do think we have made tremendous strides in solidifying the organization, shoring up places where it needed, doing investing in technology, particularly the MySpace site, which has grown so rapidly is, I think, infinitely more stable and reliable than it was a year ago. I believe that those kinds of OpEx expenses, the momentum will slow down quite a bit.
Dave DeVoe: Just to clarify, we will be breakeven on FIM in fiscal 2007. This is after all amortization.
 Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities: That's after the executive compensation, you're saying?
Dave DeVoe: That is all in.
Peter Chernin: Including it, is what he means.
 Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities: And on the Fox News question?
Peter Chernin: Fox News, while it has not had significant cost increases, we believe anytime you're in this kind of election with coverage all over the country, there are costs associated with that. So there has been some costs associated with that, and then we have some pretty big superstar talent, and so there are always some ongoing costs. I think Roger and his team have done a spectacular job. It is the equivalent of having the 1927 Yankees and holding them together for five-plus years at this point. I think he has managed to do that with what in my opinion, while there are cost increases associated with that, I actually think they have been very manageable and modest cost increases. So I think the cost increases on Fox News are both covering the election in so many different states, and making sure that we can hold together the stellar on-air performance team we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers.
 Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers : Peter, with the change in government announced today, when you look forward how do you gauge the net impact to your business in terms of ownership rules? Is it net positive, negative? How do you see that? Second, we have had a quarter on DTH in India, any color on how that is tracking? Is it too early to go to the cable operators there to get a better benefit for Star TV?
Peter Chernin: The first question was Indian government regulations?
 Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers : No, no. The change of government in the U.S.
Peter Chernin: Oh, the change of government in the U.S. Look, I don't anticipate the change in government in the U.S. as having any significant impact on our business. I guess we'll see, but I don't really think it should. There are no significant regulations that we're particularly struggling with right now, so I guess we'll wait and see. DTH in India, we don't want to comment on specifically, much too early to say. Although, I would say that our early results have been encouraging. I think probably a little bit too early to use a lot of leverage on cable operators. On the other hand, there are additional subs for all of our channels. Any of their additions are sort of immediate additional subs. The good news is at least 100% reporting, which is a nice positive phenomenon in India.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor's.
 Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor's : I have two questions as well. Peter, as you think about monetizing your online video, can you perhaps share with us your strategy for online video advertising? On that issue, there has been a suggestion that Google's pending acquisition of YouTube could perhaps undermine your relationship with Google, perhaps as a competitor. So could you comment on the talks that you have had with the company in that regard? Separately, I think you have recently bought some newspapers in some regional New York areas. The question is, is that perhaps an indication that management is looking to commit more capital to ramping up on the print assets in the US? Is that the beginning of a trend?
Peter Chernin: Why don't I take the video question first? We have been spending a lot of time and doing a lot of work on online video over the past couple of weeks, months, et cetera. I would say our monetization efforts are focused actually in two very different areas. So the first area, largely on MySpace, we are focused on user-generated video. We are the number-two user-generated video site on the web, second only to YouTube, and I think our monetization focus there is essentially traffic-driven. I think we look at it as a way of generating more traffic, generating more page views, and we will monetize those through a combination of probably display and search advertising. Right now, we don't see a lot of video advertising on user-generated content, either on our site or on YouTube. I think advertisers, big packaged goods companies and stuff like that are reluctant to put video advertising on content they don't know. Furthermore, it's so ubiquitous and I'm not sure users are going to sit through, as they are watching a one to two-minute clip and watch a video ad in there. So our focus on MySpace is certainly to continue to rapidly ramp up the traffic on user-generated video. We have made a lot of progress in the short term and that traffic should largely be monetized in terms of search and display advertising. The other place we're looking as we are also looking at it very heavily on the Fox side of the company. We think that the real opportunity on video advertising on the web is going to be on copyright-protected content, on things like Family Guy, Simpsons, all of our shows, Fox News, Fox Sports, et cetera. We have been spending a lot of time looking at that. We think those are potentially very high CPM business. We're seeing CPMs in pre-roll video advertising on the web in the $30 range. We're very focused on what's the way to maximize the tremendous amount of video content that comes out of this company and really looking hard at that. In terms of the Google acquisition of YouTube, no, I don't think that has any impact on our relationship with Google. We continue to have a very good relationship. In fact, you know, I think probably the best news is, we have launched the Google Search this week on our sites, which was what we were committed to in our contract, and we are up and running with Google Search for the first time in the last two or three days on target, on schedule and so we will begin to see that monetization. I think what YouTube really represents in the long run is, look, on the one hand, it will be competitive with MySpace video, and competition is a good thing. We have competition with lots of people we're partnered with. On the other hand, it will represent a very large distribution platform, which should represent good opportunities for us to monetize our copyright content. So we don't look at that at all as affecting our relationship with Google. Dave, do you want to talk about the paper question?
Dave DeVoe: Yes. What this really is, is an opportunity for us to get a great return on our investment, and also it allows us to leverage our advertised infrastructure and cost infrastructure with the New York Post, where we essentially can take advertisers off the community newspapers, put them in the Post, and take Post advertisers and put them into the community newspapers. This investment we will have a return on, fully returned on within a year-and-a-half. After that, it's just really all earnings. This is a very opportunistic investment. It doesn't by any means mean that we are interested in committing significant capital into the newspaper business in the United States.
 Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poor's : Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet - Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup : I think if you look at News Corp over long periods of time, you guys have done a good job differentiating your content versus your competitors. I think a year ago, Mr. Murdoch suggested that the portal model was essentially dead. If you look at MySpace, it seems like a lot of the applications you're adding, like IM and blogging and e-mail and video search, begin to look more like a portal. So stepping away from just the intent to generate page views and monetize that, can you just characterize what vision you have for MySpace to differentiate it from some of the other rivals?
Peter Chernin: I think that these semantic descriptions are semi-meaningless. I don't really know what a portal is anymore, and I'm not sure it matters. I don't think we sit around during the day and say, should we be a portal, shouldn't we be a portal? What we do sit around and say is, I believe that MySpace represents a unique and new phenomenon on the Internet. We're moving towards a point where, if not already, it will be the largest single Internet singles site in the world, and what we are really looking at is, we view ourselves as having a community of users who gather there to interact with each other, but we think also like and appreciate and will use certain tools we can offer them. I think if you think about using IM as a specific example, we're not adding IM on MySpace as an attempt become AOL. We are adding it because, if you think about social networking, and if you think about communicating with a group of friends you have, instant messaging is a very applicable and beneficial tool in order to do that. It's the same reason we're adding mobile applications on MySpace, again, because if you're trying to interact with a social network of friends you have, you want to be able to do that. You want to be able to do that not just through e-mail, you want to be able to do that through IM, you want able to do that through mobile, you may look at various IP telephony aspects. So we will continue to add and expand the platform. I'm not sure we do it with a vision of either becoming or not becoming a portal. We do it with a vision of expanding it organically, but expanding it in its own sort of ecosphere in terms of what its users want, what its users are looking for and what is valuable to its users.
Operator: Your next question comes from Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns.
 Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns : Hi thank you, and good afternoon. My first question is, Peter, I don't believe you guys have made the 20th Century Fox movies available for iTunes yet. Can you just talk about the gating factors there for you guys? Is it economics or concerns about cannibalization or the Wal-Mart factor? Then secondly, can you just give us a sense of how local TV advertising demand looks post the elections? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: We have good, solid relationships with iTunes. We appreciate, I think, a unique and excellent distribution arrangement with them on the television side. We are in talks with them on the movie side. I would say that the things we consider, I'm not sure that they're necessarily gating factors, is we certainly consider our economics, we consider the content protection issues, we consider the competitive issues with other platforms and we're working through it and continue to have positive talks. Look, we have a lot of admiration for it. It is another distribution platform and in general, we would like to distribute our films across every distribution platform. So I think there's some timing details and some other details to be worked out. But that being said, we embrace most future distribution models and platforms.
 Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns : Then on TV advertising?
Peter Chernin: TV advertising, we don't anticipate any slowdown post the election. We are seeing, I would say, solid pacing in the months ahead. I don't to see the business on fire, but I think it's being very solid, probably fairly similar to what it has been so far this fiscal year.
 Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan - JP Morgan.
 Imran Khan - JP Morgan : Thank you. Peter, you talked about you have more inventory than you can sell. I was wondering if you can talk about what percentage of your inventory you are selling in-house versus third party? Also you talked about the Google relationship, how Google Search is on. Can you give us a sense of when we can expect to see contextual advertisement or graphical advertisements from Google?
Peter Chernin: I think I said that we actually don't have more inventory. What I think I said was our inventory is very tight, given that we sold so much inventory in the upfront. So I didn't say we had more than we could sell, I actually said we probably have less than we can sell right now. As for what percentage of our sales across our platforms are in-house, I have no idea, but I assume it's fairly minimal, just given the amount of advertising we sell as a company.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan : I actually meant Fox Interactive Media. Sorry for not being clear. All questions related to Fox Interactive Media.
Peter Chernin: Fox Interactive Media, we certainly have more advertising than we can sell. What percentage is internal, I have no idea. But, again, I don't think it's particularly significant. We use it occasionally for some movie releases, occasionally for a television release. But I don't have the exact number, but I don't believe it's significant. There was a tremendous amount of logistical and technical work that needed to be done to get the Google Search application up, which we were able to do, I think on Tuesday. We will begin to see them deliver contextually, I don't know the exact date, but my guess is, it will probably be early in the calendar year.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan : If I could ask one last follow-up question. I think you recently announced that you had licensed a new technology to stop users from posting unauthorized copyrighted music on your site, on the user’s web site. How do you think it might potentially impact the community behavior? Because MySpace was historically built on music or aspiring musicians.
Peter Chernin: I think that, first of all, a lot of what MySpace was built on was unsigned bands who are happy to have us distribute. That being said, we are committed to being in the forefront of copyright protection, and as new technologies become available, we will certainly add them in order to protect various peoples' intellectual property. So I think this one technology which we just added last week was essentially audio fingerprinting, which allows us to track. Right now, obviously, in order to comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, a lot of what we are dependant upon is notifications from record companies or copyright holders that there's illegal content, in which case, we immediately take it down. We have a full department that's just aimed at taking it down. What this does is essentially automate the process. What it does is, a record company can give us the audio fingerprints of their catalog, and it's loaded into the system, and if we see anything show up that matches that audio fingerprint, it comes down automatically. So it just automates a system that is already in place. We will continue to look for any opportunities to strengthen the copyright protection on the site.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets.
 Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Just back to IGN for a second. So Apple and Disney they did make a big deal about their joint offering of films. But it seems, particularly for films, a rental model would make much more sense for consumers, and right now, iTunes is not offering that versus Movie Link or Cinema Now. So can you discuss your view on the topic of effectively offering rentals of movies or a pay-per-view? Secondly, if you're willing to comment, could you talk about how much of the increase in expenses for other in the quarter, or FIM, had to do with building out your international platform? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: On the first one, I think we have to follow the consumer. I think that we should make our films available in multiple formats, and I think you're going to see the definition of what a rental is expand. I think you're going to see various pricing models that are watch once, watch multiple times over seven days, watch as much as you want over 30 days, download to own. So I think you're going to see an expansion of those, and I think we're going to need to follow where consumer demand goes. I happen to like the sell-through model. I think consumers actually like owning content. But if there's a group of people who would prefer shorter terms at different pricing levels, I think one of the things that's important in this world is to have flexibility in your business model so that your flexibility both in terms of availability and flexibility in terms of pricing, so that you can please consumers in multiple fashions. I think we will look to do that. The international expansion of MySpace, I don't have the specific numbers.
Dave DeVoe: Very, very small.
Peter Chernin: Yes, that's what I was going to say. I think the cost has been pretty de minimus, but I think the important thing there is we're seeing great, great acceleration in international users. I think we're now up to 27 million uniques. I think this time last year, we had about 3 million or 4 million unique users internationally. We're up to 26 million, signing up really aggressive numbers. I am actually here in Japan where we just announced MySpace Japan the day before yesterday and we signed up, I believe, 17,000 or 18,000 new registered users just yesterday after the announcement. So I think you're going to continue to see great acceleration at pretty minor costs in our MySpace international user base.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lowell Singer - Cowen & Co.
 Lowell Singer - Cowen & Co. : A question about Major League Baseball. You obviously just finished your last contract. You're starting up a smaller one next fall. What are the pros and cons of re-upping with baseball? Are you going to make money on your next baseball deal?
Peter Chernin: I think that the big pro, first of all, I think we believe that hope springs eternal, but we believe there are only pros, or we would not have signed the new deal. I think the big pros in the new deal are that it's a shorter period of time. I think what we've felt over the past several years is running the Divisional Playoffs took a full week out of our schedule at pretty minor ratings, and really disrupted the launch of the network. So this will reduce by a third the amount of time we have baseball interrupted. It will be just two weeks and two weeks of the important games, the one League Championship series and then the World Series. So we felt pretty positively, and I think that part of, in my opinion, what is critical for broadcasting going forward is, you need to be the home of the big mass events. We're now sitting there, we're the home of the NFC, we're the home of NASCAR, we're the home of the Daytona 500, we're the home of the World Series, we're the home of the Bowl Championship. We think those big events are critical to what will define broadcasting in the years ahead. So we believe it's great in that perspective, and we anticipate the contract being, at the very least, breakeven and hopefully profitable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder.
 Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder : Peter, I know you're doing well this coming quarter on the DVDs, because you have good content there, but is there any break coming in the format wars?
Peter Chernin: It's interesting. Again, I'm here in Tokyo this week, and I've been talking to all of the electronic manufacturers sort of on both sides of the format wars. On the next-generation high-def format, I don't think there is likely to be a quick resolution. I think the resolution, if it comes, is likely to be driven by the marketplace, and I think we're really going to see this for the first time. I think that right now, you have a tiny, tiny number of players out there at very high prices. I think most of the high-def DVD players are in the $1,000 range. I think what you're going to see is you're going to see a huge amount of Blu-ray players entering the marketplace through PlayStation3. I think that will begin at least to put some focus on the format. But I don't think you're going to see a negotiated unification. I think that the unification, if it comes, is going to be driven by the marketplace, and I think the marketplace will start getting interesting as PlayStation3 starts hitting the marketplace.
Alan Gould - Natexis Bleichroeder : You're supplying both formats right now?
Peter Chernin: No, we are right now just supplying Blu-ray.
Gary Ginsberg: Why don't we take one more question, then go right to the press?
Operator: Indeed I would be happy to, and thank you very much. Your next question comes from David Roberts - NDI Research.
 David Roberts - NDI Research: Thanks, just a quick question. The buyback looks to have slowed to a trickle. I just wonder whether we can expect that sort of level activity until a Liberty resolution occurs? Also, just a clarification on X-Men 2 and the DVD release there. Given the release date of October 2, quite a few shipments have occurred in September, and hence, have you booked some revenues for that product in this quarter?
Peter Chernin: I will do the X-Men 3, Dave, and then you can do the buyback. First of all, it's X-Men 3, not X-Men 2, and I believe those are all accounted for in the second quarter. Is that correct, Dave?
Dave DeVoe: That's correct. With respect to the buyback, David, we still believe that given where our stock price is, the best use of our cash is to buy back our stock. But until we complete our conversations with Liberty, you're probably going to see this level of activity.
Operator: Thank you very much, Mr. Roberts. Ladies and gentlemen, members of the press, at this point we do move into your Q&A session. (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Seth Sutel - Associated Press.
Seth Sutel – Associated Press: Hello, everyone. A question for Peter. I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on some of your thoughts. Peter, you mentioned earlier in the analyst part of the call that you were looking really hard at how to monetize some of your Fox Video online. Could you perhaps share a bit more of your thoughts on that? I've got a specific question on YouTube. The content protection system that CBS says they're going to be using to identify unauthorized CBS video on YouTube and giving them the ability to take it off, have you guys considered that, or something else as an area that you're looking at? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: Well, I think that our thought process is if you look at a lot of these video sites, a tremendous amount of what is on there is our content, mostly in short form, although in full episodes in some form. I think if you look at the growing demand of people watching video on the Internet, we believe that it will be driven by some combination of user-generated content, but also a significant amount of our copyright content, and that our copyright content is likely to be easier to monetize, both because of the length and the ability to put video advertising in there, and also its compatibility for major advertisers. What we're really looking at and sort of thinking through is, how do we distribute our content on the widest possible platform, and how do we monetize it to the highest level? I think we're likely to do that in two ways. I think we are focused on two ways. One is clearly full episodes, and you have already seen us begin to introduce full episodes on MySpace, introduce full episodes on streaming and full episodes on our various affiliate and O&O web sites. And then also clips, what are the value of these three-minute clips that people are taking off our shows, and how do we controlled the copyright of that and sell ads around them, either by ourselves or in partnership with people? So we are really working through those sorts of strategies. I have been out of the country, so I have not specifically seen what CBS said, but there are various technologies available to track copyright. I know that ultimately, it's a function of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, and the requirement that various ISPs take down content that copyright holders ask them to. What you're seeing right now is you are seeing some automated technologies that automate that process. I know there's one that the MTA is looking at. I have not read what CBS is doing, and we're certainly looking at all of those things. I think your ability to monetize copyright content is a function of two things. One is finding the appropriate monetization platforms, and second is removing the inappropriate or violating platforms. So we will look at both of those.
Seth Sutel – Associated Press: Can you characterize how close you might be to rolling out some kind of a more systematic application of getting your video online and addressing these technology issues that you mentioned just now?
Peter Chernin: No. I don't have a specific table. It's something we are working on pretty hard, and we would hope to be able to do quickly. But I don't have a specific timetable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cecile Dorat - Bloomberg News.
 Cecile Dorat - Bloomberg News: On the talks with Liberty Media, when you talk about constructive or advanced talks, has there been an acceleration in the past weeks? Because I recall that, after the annual meeting, Rupert Murdoch was talking about, we are in no rush basically to make a deal. My follow-up question is for Peter. Since you are in Tokyo, in Asia, I wonder if you can also talk about what the plans are in China for MySpace, and if you're considering other countries in Asia for MySpace?
Dave DeVoe: I will start with Liberty. I think we mean what we say, we're in constructive talks. It's a complicated transaction that we're in discussions about and I think as we have been talking over the last few months, we're trying to put in place a structure with what the issues might have been. As Rupert said and just to reiterate what we said, we are in no rush to do a transaction.
Peter Chernin: Just to elaborate on that, I think what Rupert and Dave mean by no rush is, we don't feel pressure that we have to do a deal. So we will continue to have talks and hope that they will progress and be constructive. On the other hand, we don't feel some sort of defensive pressure, and I think that's really what Rupert meant by no rush. We're moving forward on the talks, and we'll move forward as constructively as we can, which we think we're doing. On the other hand, we're not compelled to do a deal that we don't think is in the best interest of all of our shareholders and I believe that's what Rupert meant. In terms of further international expansion of MySpace, we are absolutely looking at further international expansion for MySpace. I think Japan is our seventh or so international territory. We will look at China, if we think there's a good opportunity. I think on some of these big Asian countries, our belief is that we are better served doing it as a joint venture. That was certainly our view in Japan, which is why we have joint ventured with SoftBank, who we think is a great partner for this market. My guess is, if we were to do China, we would probably also do that as a joint venture, and we have been looking at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Murray - Sydney Morning Herald.
 Lisa Murray - Sydney Morning Herald : I just wanted to ask a question about the Australian market, if I could. News has been quite active here in recent weeks from a corporate perspective, buying 7.5% of Fairfax, and bidding for a number of regional newspapers and magazine groups. I just wondered if you could talk a bit, Peter, about what your plans are for this market? Also, whether you're interested in bidding for a free-to-air network, and would you look to hive off the Australian operations as a separate entity?
Dave DeVoe: I'd say the answer to the last question is, no, we have no interest in hiving off the Australian entity. We think that the free-to-air businesses in Australia are interesting, though they are extremely expensive, so it's very unlikely we would do anything with that. With respect to our other activities, we are always looking at attractive investments. And if we can find them, no matter where they are, whether it's in Australia or anyplace in the world, we'll take advantage of those opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jane Schulz - The Australian.
 Jane Schulz - The Australian : Just further to that, CanWest, the Canadian group, has announced that they're looking at their options with regard to Channel 10. I know you just said that free-to-air networks here are expensive, but I'm just wondering if you have had any talks with CanWest. And just secondly, overnight, the Associated Press are reporting that there has been a big bid for the Tribune Company in the US. I'm just wondering whether or not you think newspaper valuations have bottomed out, and whether or not newspaper companies around the world might become to be seen more valuable in the short term?
Dave DeVoe: We have not had conversations with CanWest. With respect to newspaper valuations, I think they are where they are at the moment. I don't know that they've bottomed out or not, but at the moment, most of these companies are trading at still pretty high multiples, given the level of buyout activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Sealy -The Hollywood Reporter.
 George Sealy -The Hollywood Reporter: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the Liberty talks, if that's something that could happen this year, or if that's definitely out of the question at this point?
Peter Chernin: Again, I don't want to speculate about timing, but I certainly don't think it's out of the question that it could happen this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times.
 Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times : Peter, I wanted to ask specifically about the issue of your copyright video content and its use on the Internet. Are you still considering the possibility of suing YouTube and similar sites for distributing copyrighted content? Have you got any views on whether or not there's a value to past copyright infringements?
Peter Chernin: First of all, I don't mean to be picky. I'm not sure of the use of the word still, because I'm not sure we have been considering suing YouTube or other people. I believe that we remain committed to the protection of our copyrights, and we'll look to do that. At the same time, we are in a very interesting place as a company, which is that, certainly, a number of people over the past years have really pushed content companies to be more progressive about how we distribute our content on the Internet and in new medium. I would like to believe that News Corp as much as anybody has really been aggressive about trying to figure that out. So I think what we're focused on is certainly we're focused on protecting our copyright, but at the same time, I would like to say, we are more positively than negatively focused. We're not just in a mode of sue people and stop them from doing things. What we're in a mode of is trying to figure out mutually profitable ways to distribute our content legitimately on as many and as widely distribute it on as many different platforms as we can think about. So we're not sitting around, I don't not want to preclude that somewhere along the line, we might not sue somebody, but we're not sitting around focused on the negative or lawsuit side, we're really focused on how do we legitimately build new businesses that allow us to monetize our content, and do it as widely as possible? So I think that's really where we're at, and at the same time, comply with available copyright laws on our own sites. As part of that, I guess that says that we're not overwhelmingly focused on past sins. What we're focused on is building legitimate new models going forward, which we think is a much more productive way for a content company to look at the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Emma Alberici - ABC.
 Emma Alberici - ABC : For Peter Chernin, in the context of Australia's new cross-media laws, can News Corp remain a significant player here without a free-to-air television network?
Peter Chernin: Sure. I think we have been a very significant player in the Australian media for the 50 years that this company has been in existence. Certainly given Rupert's Australian heritage and his commitment to that market, we will absolutely remain a significant player. I don't believe that it's critical to own an over-the-air broadcast network in order to that.
Emma Alberici - ABC : But, you do seem to have quite significant television interest in all the other markets you're in.
Peter Chernin: We also have all sorts of other interests. I don't think a broadcast network defines a media company or a significant media company. I think that we have them in certain territories where we believe in them. But the truth of the matter right now is, we have far more paid television assets as a company than we have broadcasting assets, and I think you have to look at each of these countries individually, and we're excited about the progress of Fox Tel, we're excited about a number of the Internet initiatives that the Australian companies put together, and we're really focused on the future, and we don't define that future exclusively in terms of free over-the-air broadcast networks.
Emma Alberici - ABC : If I could ask one more. You're teaming with Telecom Italia in Italy and China Mobile to deliver content to those telcos. Would you be looking for a similar deal with Telstra in Australia?
Peter Chernin: We have a pretty simple view of life, which is we are interested and happy to distribute our content anyplace, anytime, anywhere and we would be happy to look at deals that allow us to further distribute our content with anybody.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Higgins - Broadcasting & Cable Magazine.
 John Higgins - Broadcasting & Cable Magazine : Good afternoon. A question on the broadcast side of the TV, could you give us a little better detail on what was going on revenue-wise, and what precisely was driving such a dramatic increase in operating income? Secondly, Peter, what is the ad model for video that you see, either on MySpace or elsewhere? Does an advertising model develop anytime soon for this?
Peter Chernin: Again, Dave, you can correct me. I believe that our profit improvement on the broadcasting segment was pretty equally split, probably a little bit more revenue increase, but also had some cost decreases.
Dave DeVoe: No, that's dead right, Peter. It's really pricing and political across both the television station and the network, and lower cost of the network mainly from less write-offs.
Peter Chernin: Right. I don't know if it's exactly 50/50, but I believe that profit increases are shared between the two areas.
John Higgins - Broadcasting & Cable Magazine : What had you been writing off?
Peter Chernin: I think that was just on a series, Head Cases maybe was the one we wrote off this quarter last year? They all fade…
Dave DeVoe: You have a very good memory.
Peter Chernin: Fade into oblivion. Do I think an advertising model will develop? Absolutely. I don't think it's going to eclipse broadcasting in the first three months, but I think that the important thing is to start doing things, find out what consumer demand is. There is tremendous advertiser demand for Internet-delivered video advertising with very high CPMs. So the real question is how do you deliver the eyeballs to them? That is what we are working on, and I think you will begin to see those models develop shortly. They won't be born fully-formed, but I think we will begin to see development, and I think the key issue is, get started and then respond to consumer demand and consumer interest.
Gary Ginsberg: If we have one more question in the queue, let's take that, and then we have to wrap it up for the day.
Operator: All right, sir. Very good, sir, and we do thank you for your time today. Your final question comes from Ken Lee - Reuters.
 Ken Lee - Reuters : It seems you have been expanding MySpace in approximately one new territory per month. Is it possible that MySpace could expand into China as early as this fiscal year?
Peter Chernin: I think that question was asked earlier. We certainly have had some conversations, and yes, it's possible. If we can find a joint venture arrangement that we think makes sense, we would be happy to and would be interested in expanding into China. So we have been exploring and will continue to explore that.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Lee. Mr. Chernin, I will turn it back to you for any closing remarks.
Peter Chernin: Thank you.
Gary Ginsberg: We don't have any closing remarks. We want to thank everybody for joining us today, and feel free to call us with any further questions, either from the press or from the investment community.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the News Corp earnings for this first quarter of 2007. Thank you very much for your participation, as well as for using AT&T's executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-08-08 21:45:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - IR   Dave DeVoe - CFO   Peter Chernin - President, COO   Rupert Murdoch - Chairman, CEO
Analysts: Aryeh Bourkoff – UBS   Jessica Reif Cohen – Merrill Lynch   Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital   Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein   Douglas Shapiro – Banc of America Securities   William Drewry - Credit Suisse   Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers   Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s   Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank Securities   Spencer Wang – Bear Stearns   Anthony Noto – Goldman Sachs   Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets   Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse First Boston   David Roberts - Goldman Sachs   Alex Pollak - Macquarie Securities
Journalists: Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times   Serina Saito – Dow Jones   John Higgins - Broadcasting and Cable Magazine   Cecile Dorat – Bloomberg News   George Sealy – The Hollywood Reporter   Lisa Murray - Sidney Morning Herald   Josh Wine - Communication Daily   Ken Lee – Reuters   Julia Angwin – The Wall Street Journal   Sally Hoffmeister – L.A. Times
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome around the world today to our global audience. This is the NWS announcing their fourth quarter 2006 earnings release for investors and analysts conference call. (Operator Instructions) Here with our opening remarks is News Corp's Executive Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, Mr. Gary Ginsberg. Good afternoon, sir, and please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you, Brent. It's good to have you back again today. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today's call to announce News Corporation's fourth quarter and year end results. Joining me today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and CEO of News Corp; Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. As is our usual format, Dave will begin some comments from the quarter and from the year that might not be readily obvious from our press release. Rupert will then offer some general observations about the state of the Company and our Internet progress in particular, before Peter concludes our prepared remarks with an operational overview of the success we've enjoyed at some of our FOX assets. We'll then take your questions. Given the late hour on the east coast, I would strongly urge you, as I always do, to limit your questions to just one. First though, some quick legalese. Today's call, as you know, is governed by the Safe Harbor provision and on this call we'll make statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in our public filings with the SEC, that could cause actual results to be materially different from those in the forward-looking statements. And with that I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave DeVoe: Gary, thank you and good afternoon to everybody in New York and around the world. As you would have seen from today's earnings release, we're very pleased to report we achieved operating income growth for the year of 9%. This the ahead of the guidance that we last provided to you. This continued strong financial performance reflects earnings growth in nearly all segments of the Company, with SKY Italia and our cable networks driving the largest year-over-year gain. As we previously indicated, our operating income growth was reduced by approximately 4% for the increased redundancy and depreciation costs of approximately $140 million associated with our United Kingdom newspaper print plant projects. In addition, you should note that this growth is even more robust when considering that the current year's operating income was reduced by approximately $180 million from the following three items: The net impact of these three items is spread among our various reported segments. For the fourth quarter, operating income was 8% over last year's fourth quarter. This increase was led by double-digit increases at the Company's film, television, cable network and SKY Italia segments, partially offset by reduced profits from our print group. Our equity earnings of affiliates also performed extremely well, with equity income for the year of $888 million. This is a $533 million increase over last year's level and fourth quarter equity earnings of $278 million, a $77 million improvement. The largest source of this improvement for both the quarter and the year was our share of higher DIRECTV earnings. Our associate contributions have increased over the last three years, and they are now a major contributor, not only to our net earnings but also to our earnings per share. We reported full year earnings per share before the change in accounting principle of $1.03, an increase of 49% over the prior year. Our income from continuing operations was $2.8 billion, a 32% increase over the $2.1 billion reported a year ago, and the related earnings per share from continuing operations for the year increased 26% to $0.87. One thing I'd like to point out, it's important to note that this year's fourth quarter results includes $49 million of other expenses, primarily due to an unrealized loss on the fair value of our exchangeable debt security. This compares to the fourth quarter a year ago when we recognized other income of $163 million, primarily related to an unrealized gain on the fair value of the same exchangeable debt securities. As a result of this item for the fourth quarter, News Corporation's net income from continuing operations and related earnings per share amounts were essentially unchanged from a year ago. Given you all should have a copy of our earnings release at this time, I'm not going to tie up your time running through the financials for each of our business segments. However, I would like to mention a couple of items that you should be aware of as you look at the numbers. Our largest earnings growth driver for the year in absolute dollars was SKY Italia. With a $212 million year-over-year improvement, this business is developing extremely well with all key matrix continuing to track well. SKY achieved gross additions in the quarter of approximately 180,000. This is a 44,000 increase over the fourth quarter a year ago, with net additions of 119,000, a $41,000 increase. These increases reflect the improvement over last year's fourth quarter and this really clearly reflects our full coverage of the World Cup and the related marketing efforts that went into it. SKY finished the year with 3.8 million subscribers. This is an increase of over 500,000 from the prior year end. ARPU for the quarter of approximately 47 euros was up 3% over last year, and this reflects the 2 euro price increase that went into effect last fall. SAC in the quarter averaged 266 euros per subscriber. This is a slight improvement over a year ago, and the annualized churn in the quarter was approximately 7%, reducing annualized churn for the whole fiscal year to under 9%, Again, this is a slight improvement over last year's fourth quarter and the year. As you can see from these results, this business continues to perform extremely well and we fully anticipate continued strong growth going forward out of SKY Italia. At our cable networks, these businesses also generated very solid growth, with full year operating income up $162 million or 23%. These higher contributions were primarily driven by strong double-digit profit growth at the regional sports networks, FOX News channel, SPEED and the FOX International channel. In the fourth quarter, cable segment operating profits accelerated to 42% over last year, and this is due to continued strong growth at the channels I just mentioned. Also, FX profits rose reflecting favorable timing of both program launches and the associated marketing costs on the timing of the launches. With this segment here, again, the outlook for this segment is very strong, and we look forward to commencing the renewals of FOX News channel during the upcoming fiscal year. Shifting to our print businesses, I'd like to give you a little more detail behind the newspaper results. While advertising was challenging, particularly in the United Kingdom, the overall trend for the fourth quarter were better than what the reported earnings for this segment would suggest. Circulation revenues for the quarter were relatively flat in both the United Kingdom and Australia, and advertising revenues in the quarter were only down slightly. However, total newspaper segment operating income for the quarter was down $82 million compared to last year's result, and this is due to number of factors. In the United Kingdom we no longer have contributions from the TSL Education business that was sold last October. The fourth quarter a year ago included a $21 million operating income from the TSL business. Also in the United Kingdom, we have higher costs reflecting the launch of the consumer magazine division in our third quarter, and in the U.S. last year's fourth quarter included a recovery of about $16 million in plant expenses at the Post, resulting from a favorable legal settlement. Turning to our capital structure, cash flow in the quarter was strong. We generated $880 million in cash flow from operations less capital expenditures. For the year, cash flow from operations less capital expenditures was $2.3 billion which, as anticipated, was slightly less than a year ago. We continued during the quarter to be active with our share buyback program, bringing the total repurchases to 157 million shares for a total of nearly $2.6 billion since we started the program. Our ending cash balance was $5.8 billion, and with gross debt of $11.4 billion, our net debt position at year end was 5.6. Finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2007. Based on all the assumptions inherent in our projections, we anticipate operating income growth for fiscal 2007 to be in the range of 14% to 16%. This guidance excludes -- and I say excludes -- the gain from the sale of the property in the United Kingdom. If we include the gain on this property, which is expected to be approximately $140 million, then fiscal '07 operating income growth will be approximately 3.5 percentage points higher. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Rupert for some additional comments.
Rupert Murdoch: Good afternoon and thank you, Dave. Once again, another great quarter and, indeed, we feel another great year. More importantly, a forecast for an even better year in fiscal '07. I said this before, but I think it's worth repeating again in light of today's results. We are a Company that is built for robust and sustainable growth. Our assets are geographically diverse and of varying maturities. Our established assets, our newspapers, our other print and broadcast properties are stable despite increasingly competitive environments, and afford us the luxury of consistent cash to find our next generation of growth assets. Our developing assets, our cable channels most prominently, are at key inflection points, having turned the corner to profitability and showing signs of even faster growth as they continue to mature. Our newest efforts, the most exciting of which for me are our digital media assets represent our next generation of growth, poised to become drivers in the same way SKY Italia or FOX News or STAR are for us today. Indeed we just marked the third anniversary of FOX Interactive Media, fittingly marked with a Google deal we announced yesterday, and I think it's been a year of which we can be very satisfied, though not content. In the space of just one year we've catapulted ourselves into a leadership position. Much of our success, of course, comes from MySpace, but it's not the only one. We're also enjoying strong performances from our category-leading sites across sports, gaming, lifestyle and entertainment. Our FOX Interactive properties now reach an audience of more than 75 million people a month. In fact, one in four people in America are now on our networks interacting with our content, tools and services. If you factor in our Internet assets, this number grows to more than 100 million people. In the month of June alone, our web properties at FOX Interactive attained 30 billion page views, second only to Yahoo! and just yesterday served 4 billion ads. Today, more specifically this morning, I'm pleased to report that MySpace registered its 100 millionth user. As our traffic increases, so do our opportunities to monetize this volume directly through advertising and indirectly by bringing consumers to our more traditional content businesses. The deal with Google, which we are guaranteed $900 million in payments across the next four years, is strong testament to our ability to monetize our vast and growing web presence. To have achieved this much progress in one year is remarkable, but the real story is how well we are positioned for the future. Beyond the Google deal, and we hope this is just the beginning of a deepening relationship with that company, we're continuing to develop new ways of raising our community of MySpace users. We're also hard at work developing a new sets of co-gen tools to track price and sell advertising, having quadrupled the MySpace sales team to 55 people this year. We are offering advertisers a new platform to reach consumers in intimate ways and have established working relationships now with 80 of the top 100 brand advertisers. We expect to launch MySpace into nine countries over the next year, having seen the success of our launches in Britain and Australia. MySpace isn't the only platform with great potential. IGN Entertainment and Games ranks as the number one gaming information category website in the U.S., with 8.4 million unique users. Foxsports.com is the second-most popular sports property on the web. AmericanIdol.com reached 9 million unique visitors in just the month of May, achieving 70% growth year-over-year. The creation of Mobizzo, our new mobile entertainment shopping mall, could prove to become an entirely incremental global distribution platform for our News Corp and other content. Clearly, I'm excited about our prospects in interactive media. Previously I'd say that FOX Interactive could expect to generate at least $500 million in revenue this fiscal year. In light of our Google deal and other momentum, that should be pretty easy to reach. Other News Corp sites are generating a further 30 million unique visitors with about $100 million in revenue. Before we get to Peter, let me reiterate briefly what Dave said about our continued prospects for robust growth in Italy. SKY Italia is progressing exceedingly well and creating significant value for News Corp and its shareholders. The platform delivered more than $212 million in earnings growth in fiscal 2006, and I am confident we'll see another $200 million or more of profit growth in this next fiscal '07. There's been a fair amount of press about the scandal in Italy and while that drives good headlines, it shouldn't drive down our business in any way. Our focus in Italy continues to be pushing paid TV penetration. Still only about 18%; and on providing an even better video experience for our subscribers to enhance services such as high definition PVRs and new channels. The goal of providing a better user experience for our customers is what drove our recently-announced broadband initiative at BSkyB. In the three weeks since SKY broadband was announced, customer sign ups have been very, very strong, even exceeding our expectations. As James Murdoch told SKY investors last month, this should prove to be a transformational initiative for SKY, enhancing top line growth, boosting earnings through 2010, and with the benefits of scale, deliver increasingly attractive returns. Given the size of the U.S. market and emerging technologies here, we think it will also be a good opportunity for DIRECTV to offer an attractive broadband product. Chase Carey spoke a bit about the potential of this in his call this morning so I'll defer any statements, other than to say this is something we're keenly focused on and hope to have a resolution on shortly. All these initiatives I've talked about today, whether they're about developing interactive platforms for the web or offering additional services such as high definition, broadband or new channels to our satellite customers, are all just extensions of everything we've ever done here at News Corporation, giving lots of people lots of choices they want. We've proven we know how to identify these opportunities and to create value from them, which is why I have every expectation the Company will continue to deliver strong growth for years to come. And now I'd like to hand it over to Peter Chernin.
Peter Chernin: Thank you very much, Rupert and good afternoon. Dave and Rupert have already touched upon many of the key drivers we expect for fiscal '07, so let me just provide some additional color on a few of the other businesses I believe many of you are focused on. Over the last several months we have answered what I think were several of the bigger investor questions surrounding a couple of our established businesses, namely the rising cost of national sports contracts, our ability to monetize our Internet assets and the sustainability of our film business. Beginning with sports rights, as most of you know last month we reached an agreement to broadcast seven more years of Major League Baseball at an annual cost far below what we were previously paying. We said all along in this negotiation that we were prepared to walk away from broadcasting baseball if we felt we were going to lose money on the deal. We were very selective on the baseball package we acquired and are confident going forward that baseball will be profitable for the Company as a whole. Additionally, by opting out of broadcasting the divisional series, as well as one of the league championship series, we will be able to achieve far better continuity for our prime time line-up, while continuing to have the World Series as an invaluable promotional platform. With the renewal of MLB, FOX now boasts an unmatched year-long schedule of the marquee sporting events, from the Bowl Championship series to NASCAR to the NFL the Daytona 500 every year, and now the World Series and the All-Star game every year. We fully expect to deliver profits on all of our sports deals, as these rights will become even more valuable with the continued proliferation of PVRs. Turning to our film business, I believe the past several months should have alleviated any concerns over the sustainability of our film profits. Our recent box office success set us up to have a very strong 2007, this after delivering another year of record film results in fiscal '06. Some of the highlights include Ice Age 2, which has generated over $635 million in worldwide box office, which is set to be released on DVD November 21. X-Men 3, which has grossed more than $440 million in worldwide box office is also slated to hit the DVD market this fall. To give you an indication of how successful this franchise has already been on DVD, the first two titles have already sold well over 20 million DVDs to date. Our big budget films aren't the only films to perform well. Our smaller films continue to deliver great returns, as well. There's no better example than the Devil Wears Prada, a modestly-budgeted picture that was ideally counter programmed to this summer's youthful popcorn fare. We've delivered over $110 million in U.S. box office alone following its June 30 release, far exceeding the movie's negative course and, again, we will also enter the DVD market towards the end of the calendar year. We also have a great slate set for fiscal '07, including the current releases John Tucker Must Die and Little Miss Sunshine. Later this calendar year we will debut the fantasy adventure picture, Aragon, and the much-anticipated Ben Stiller comedy, Night at the Museum. Now, while we were obviously excited with the developments in our film and sports television businesses over the last few months, we believe our search announcement yesterday with Google is truly a landmark deal for News Corporation. A year ago when we first became aggressive in digital media our goal was simple, but in no way easy; to be at the forefront of shaping how consumers use the web. We quickly took that leadership role by acquiring what is unquestionably the fastest growing group of web properties, and we continue to expand our audience by providing a wide array of unique products and services. Yesterday we took the next big step in monetizing the staggering audience we deliver by agreeing to this $900 million deal, which I believe is one of, if not the largest non-equity advertising deal in the history of the Internet. Our 75 million unique users will now benefit from a world-class search experience, enabling them to stay on our network and continue to interact with our deepening product. News Corp will be able to tap into Google’s advertising expertise, further leveraging our vast amount of ad inventory. We believe this is just an early step in maximizing the value of our growing audience, and we will continue to be innovative and aggressive in pursuing ways to capitalize on our leading digital media platform. Let me just briefly mention a few of our other key drivers in this year and beyond. Our broadcast network heads into the upcoming season in better shape than ever before. We've now been the number one 18 to 49 network for two years running, we're the number one network for the summer, number one for the past seven weeks, and for the majority of calendar '06. This ratings momentum, combined with our line up for next season, has translated into a lucrative upfront, setting us up to deliver improved network results in '07. Our station group continues to grow market share to record levels and it too will benefit from a stronger ad environment that should see additional strength provided by political spending this fall. We also see great momentum of our cable networks. FOX News, as most of you know, will begin ramping up its carriage agreements this fall, with nearly 20 million subs up for renegotiation in this fiscal year. FX continues to reap the benefits of renegotiating its original carriage agreements, as well as the impact of their ratings growth this past season. FOX Sports will further rationalize the newly-acquired RSN-Turner South, while continuing to add additional pro and collegiate events. Fuel and Reality channels have already reached breakeven, and just remember we started both these channels from scratch just a few years ago, and we also look forward to the continued expansion of our international cable channels to over 50 million subs worldwide by the end of the next year. These are just a few of the growth drivers we are looking forward to capitalizing on over the next 12 months. Combined with the growth engines that Dave and Rupert mentioned earlier, we're in a great position to continue delivering strong results for our shareholders this coming fiscal year and well beyond. With that we'll be happy to take any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Let's go to our first question from Aryeh Bourkoff – UBS.
 Aryeh Bourkoff – UBS: Thank you very much and good afternoon. Very nice guidance for 2007. Seems like a lot of things are hitting on all cylinders. The first question is related to the guidance for 2007 with the strong EBIT growth. What's the underlying assumption for the FOX media segment for operating income? Is it assumed to be obviously profitable for the full year? As a second question, Rupert if could you talk about DIRECTV. Obviously there's been a lot of speculation about any sort of merger with Dish on the strategic side, but are there any other options that you would potentially pursue for DIRECTV versus just merging with a satellite operator? Thank you.
Dave DeVoe: On the Fox and DIRECTV piece, I'll go quickly. We're not breaking out the results individually, but what I will say it will be a significant improvement over fiscal '06.
Rupert Murdoch: On DIRECT I would simply say that our prospects are for continued growth. In the last quarter, I recognize the figures were down but we have been changing most of our dealers, getting rid of a lot of dealers and selling more direct and selling a great more through our Advark allies. We think it's just fine. As for a merger with EchoStar, we're not certain. We have had no negotiations at all. There have been a few friendly conversations but nothing to report.
Operator: Merrill Lynch's Jessica Reif Cohen has our next question.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Merrill Lynch: Thank you. We’ll put this under the category of possible events. Rupert, could you give us any kind of update on where things stand with Liberty and have your TV licenses been transferred into News Corp's name? There’s been so much speculation on SKY Italia either being sold and you taking a piece of Telecom Italia or even possibly an IPO. What is your thinking about ownership of SKY Italia over the long term?
Rupert Murdoch: On the second part, SKY Italia, we're very proud of SKY Italia. It's doing well. We have no plans. There has been publicity which has been misinterpreted in that we have talked and are at the early stages in the supply of content to Telecom Italia as they move into broadband services. It's only been about content. On Liberty, we don't wish to talk anymore about that. We are actively in talks with Liberty at this moment but I can't comment beyond that. I'm sorry.
Operator: Representing Pali Capital we go to the line of Rich Greenfield.
Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital: I know you won't give guidance on FOX Interactive Media specifically, but at least to understand the kind of the base of where we're at now, Google did provide the clear visibility for substantial growth; but when you look at just the FOX Interactive piece or if you were to drill down just to MySpace, is it fair to say the losses excluding the amortization that Dave spoke to earlier, that the losses excluding that would be relatively minimal for the fiscal year nine months that you owned it?
Dave DeVoe: Yes. The thing I want to just point out, first of all that is true that the losses excluding amortization and retention are minimal for fiscal '06.
Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital: That would be for both FOX Interactive as well as for MySpace, or just broadly?
Dave DeVoe: Yes, in total. And then the other thing I'd like to point out, just to make sure everybody is aware is that the Google deal is heavily back-end loaded. We've got a lot of work to do in fiscal '07 in terms of getting integrated, getting all the data to them, getting the toolbar loaded. I just want to make sure from a guidance point of view that people recognize that a pretty diminimus amount of that guarantee takes place in fiscal '07, less than 10% of the guarantee.
Rich Greenfield – Pali Capital: And cash would track how you book the dollars from them in terms of your P&L?
Dave DeVoe: We'll book the dollars as they come in. To the degree they exceed the guarantee we'll book them as they come in.
Operator: Representing Sanford Bernstein, our next question comes from Michael Nathanson.
 Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. I have one for Rupert. You mentioned that the Italian football scandal has grabbed a lot of headlines in the paper. I wonder, what do you think the impact is going to be on Italy on subscribers from the demotion of the event to Series B, and do you have a right to renegotiate the license fees you're paying to them?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, but we'll still be broadcasting the event. There will be some movement, we may sign up some other Series B teams in which case it will come off what we're paying the eventors. We do not expect to spend a penny more on football.
 Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein: Have you sampled subscribers whether or not they'll stick with it if the even gets demoted?
Rupert Murdoch: If it is demoted for a year or so, but probably only one year and I'm sure its fan base will stay as solid as ever.
 Michael Nathanson – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: Douglas Shapiro is our next participant in queue representing Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead, sir.
Douglas Shapiro – Banc of America Securities: At the risk of beating a dead horse, maybe I could take one more stab at the DTH question. I think there is some perception in the market that there's been a philosophical shift at News Corp about your commitment to those businesses. It sounds like the BSkyB is not seeking a new repurchase authorization, DIRECTV didn't announce one today and there's been all this speculation about your willingness to sell some portion of SKY Italia. All of that begs the question whether you are less enamored with those businesses than you once were?
Dave DeVoe: No, the answer is no. The BSkyB point and the reason we didn't go for another share buyback essentially was the agreement that we reached with the shareholders a year ago that we wouldn’t do it; which is why we didn't go for it.
Rupert Murdoch: We would have loved to have gone ahead and done a lot more buybacks but the shareholders thought that we were getting creeping control or something so we agreed we wouldn't do it for a year.
Peter Chernin: I think it's important to note that we remain bullish on the satellite business as a whole. We've seen great growth in SKY, we've seen great growth in SKY Italia. We think DIRECTV is absolutely on the right course and despite what some people are starting to write, this is a business that continues to grow and outpaces the growth of the cable business. We think it's a great business for us both overall and strategically.
Operator: William Drewry is the next participant in queue representing CSFB.
 William Drewry - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. Just on the FOX Interactive. Just wondering if you could help us at all with what the profitability of the $900 million from Google might look like and just wondering levels in investment spending that you're planning on at MySpace. Rupert, you also said that you look forward to deepening the relationship with Google. Just wondering if you might expand on that and does that preclude you from working with any other major partners like potentially Yahoo! or Microsoft going forward?
Dave DeVoe: I’ll take a shot and then you can add, Rupert. Look, I think the $900 million as we said earlier is a minimum guarantee. We would hope and expect and Eric Schmidt said the same thing yesterday, that we'll actually deliver a greater amount of profitability since the bulk of the revenues from any ads sold come to us. There are also key parts of both FIM and the rest of News Corp’s Internet properties that aren't covered, so we think that this should be a deal that generates significant incremental profits over the almost four years of it. As we said on the conference call yesterday with Eric, we worked really hard over a five or six-day period to get this deal done and it's essentially just a search deal for FIM properties, but there are a lot of other things we can look to work on with them and we've actually been exchanging e-mails today on other things and we're going to start some series of meetings with them and we would like to continue to develop our partnership with them. It also does not preclude our continuing to do things with other companies. As you know, we remain partnered with Microsoft on FOXSports.com and we continue to have good relationships with the other companies and we'll look to both grow our relationship with Google and also grow any other relationships that we think can be profitable.
Peter Chernin: I guess the only thing I'd add is the really good news here is Rupert and were joking about, it's nice to be attractive to so many people and we had all of the various players seeming to be extremely anxious to deepen their partnerships with FIM and with News Corp overall, and we'll look to continue to benefit from that.
Rupert Murdoch: I would just add that I think Steve has done a brilliant job with this negotiation and I would be shocked if a very, very high percentage of this $900 million is not socked to the bottom line.
Dave DeVoe: I was going to say, Peter, that the level of investment required to generate that $900 million is pretty minimum.
Operator: We go to the line now of Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
 Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Your comments, Rupert, on negotiations with Liberty it seems that you've extended the rights plan by nearly a year. I just don't understand, if you're in discussions, why would you extend that? I'm maybe a little confused about that. Second for Peter, any color on the cable upfront and scatter market? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: I think we will maintain the right plan until such time as we've completed the deal, if there is to be a deal with Liberty, and we do expect one.
Peter Chernin: As for the cable marketplace, it's actually a very schizophrenic market right now. We're nearing the end of the cable upfront which has been a pretty mediocre upfront for the industry. My sense of the industry as a whole is the upfront is probably down somewhere in the mid to high single-digits in volume, although that's not the case for our properties.
Operator: Here now a question from the line of Tuna Amobi representing Standard & Poor’s.
Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s: Thank you very much. I'll just keep my question to one. I'm trying to focus on Ice Age here. Clearly your gross on that film has been significantly higher than even the most bullish projections. So as you think about your strategy for CGI films, that's an area where FOX arguably has lagged somewhat, the other studios. My question is, does the success you've had in this film, does that begin to change your thinking about how you might participate in the CGI, the budget that you have for CGI and the way that you were able to integrate the marketing of Ice Age across MySpace -- I think that was very remarkable. So do you see this film as potentially changing your thinking on this genre? Related to the same topic, Ice Age, I think if you look at some of the studios that have grossed these kind of numbers, you're looking at potentially about 35 million to 40 million home video units, ultimate. So if you can share with us what you're thinking --
Dave DeVoe: I think that's a little aggressive on the DVD units. Finish the question.
Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s: I'm pretty much done. If you could share with us your thinking on the ultimate units for that film, given the remarkable performance, that would be helpful.
Dave DeVoe: First of all I would say that Ice Age actually doesn't change our thinking about CGI films. I think that we've had a very consistent strategy and I think a very disciplined strategy and I think Ice Age is a real payoff for that. That strategy includes a couple of things. One is we're really working hard to control our budgets. I think our budgets for CGI movies are probably at least 25% maybe 30% plus lower than most of our competitors. We also don't want to add to the glut of CGI movies in the marketplace. One of the things you're seeing particularly in the last several weeks of this summer is you're just seeing too many CG movies in the marketplace and the average box office has come down significantly. I think what we're trying to do is maintain a great degree of CGI activity and only make movies we have a tremendous belief in. My guess is that will put us in one movie every 18 months range, maybe every 24 months and we're certainly not going to try and accelerate and make movies that we don't believe in enormously. Because I think particularly if you look at the July results, when I think we were up to either three or four CG movies in the past month, and all of them have underperformed in some way. I think you're seeing that consumers will get excited about ones that are special and are going to sit at home for ones that don't feel unique to them. As for the number, the size of the DVD market, I think your numbers are significantly higher than the way the market currently works. I'm not going to predict, but your numbers are significantly higher than any titles are doing right now.
Operator: Thank you for that. Deutsche Bank Securities’ Doug Mitchelson has our next question.
 Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you very much. My usual August question. Can you give us a sense of the advertising revenue growth underlying your '07 budget, and if you could give us a sense of both the domestic piece and the total global growth rate that would be helpful.
Dave DeVoe: Well, look, I would say that we have multiple assumptions depending on the business. I think that on the network side, it's pretty well-reported that we finished our upfronts up in the very low single-digits CPMs, although I think outperforming most of our competitors. The gross significantly increased our volume by well over $200 million, and that was really our strategy. The cable upfront I just talked about, I think you'll see us increase our volume in the mid to high single-digits. The station marketplace is actually growing pretty decent right now. It doesn’t have an upfront. So I think we have modest but growth expectations built into our assumptions across the businesses.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Spencer Wang representing Bear Stearns.
Spencer Wang – Bear Stearns: Thanks. Dave, you mentioned earlier that free cash flow was down for the full year, down around 7.5% it looks like. It looks like it was mostly because of working capital or the change in working capital being less positive. Can you give us a sense of where you expect CapEx and working capital to be in fiscal '07, and free cash flow if you'd like to also. Thank you.
Dave DeVoe: We would expect our cash flow for next year would be budgeted to be down from the current year and it’s principally the result of next year will be our highest level of CapEx as we complete our press projects in the United Kingdom and Australia, and the cash taxes that we pay will increase a bit. For guidance purposes it probably will be down from the current year, however we will see how we do as we progress over the course of the year and we'll try to do better than that as we try to minimize obviously our tax payments and try to see what we can do with respect to our CapEx.
Operator: Anthony Noto representing Goldman Sachs has our next question. Please go ahead.
Anthony Noto – Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. Peter, you had mentioned that you will continue to be innovative and aggressive as it relates to the digital strategy. A couple years ago it may have seemed ridiculous to ask the following question, but Yahoo! is currently trading at about 11.5 times 2007 EBITDA . They had a monetization problem in search, much in the same way as MySpace did. It’s probably a $300 million or $400 million opportunity that you could quickly close if you acquired the company and did a similar deal with Google. Additionally, you are generating revenue per thousand on your page views on the branded side, pennies on the dollar compared to their ability at over a dollar in revenue per thousand. Not to mention, you mentioned a lot of investments you're going to make in scaling Internationally, which they already have the capabilities to do. I am sure there are vertical categories such as weather, news, maps, et cetera that your young audience would love to have. There seems to be a way that you could rationalize a financial reason to acquire Yahoo! and a strategic reason. Is it completely off the table because of some of the nightmares that still remain in investor's minds from the AOL-Time Warner deal? Or is it something you would consider at the right price? Separately, on the Google deal, I just want to clarify. I understand the $900 million guarantee but that seems to me like it requires you to deliver the queries and the leads and for them to deliver the revenue per search; and that's the two end of that guarantee. If you could just clarify that. Thanks.
Dave DeVoe: I don't know if you want to say anything about Yahoo!, Rupert.
Rupert Murdoch: I would say that we would buy anything if the price was right, but frankly all the things you mentioned I think we can do ourselves, given time. So we don't see any attraction in that at this time.
Peter Chernin: I would second that. As for the way the guarantees work on both sides, I'll just reiterate what I said which is that we have a multi-part guarantee of impressions and queries that we provided and as I said, that guarantee is significantly lower than our current performance. So we feel pretty comfortable about our ability to achieve it. Google has a minimum guarantee of how much revenue they'll deliver back to us. If you listened to Eric Schmidt on the call yesterday he said according to their analysis and their modeling, they feel pretty confident in their ability to reach and succeed that guarantee. That's about all I'll add to it.
Anthony Noto – Goldman Sachs: Thank you for the clarification.
Operator: Next in queue we go to the line of Jason Helfstein representing CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead, sir.
 Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets : Thanks. Shifting back perhaps to the non-digital businesses, if I read it right for the full year you guys spent $100 million as far as restructuring and increased depreciation costs on newspapers. Assuming that business does not see a revenue improvement, I would assume that positions you clearly for margin growth next year. The second part, are you now looking at doing some kind of similar type of restructuring on the magazine and inserts business?
Rupert Murdoch: No, we don't see any room for that currently in the magazines. For instance, we don't print ourselves and we run an extremely efficient cash business. As for the newspapers, yes, $140 million went in increased depreciation, but over $100 million of that was in signed contracts with over 60% of our print workforce in Britain to retire as we bring on the new plants over the next two-and-a-half years. So that charge won’t be repeated. A little bit of that charge still to come, but not much.
Dave DeVoe: We’ve basically eliminated 700 out of 1,000 people.
Rupert Murdoch: That's correct. You will see, that $100 million won’t repeat itself and in three years’ time it will greatly grow to an improvement of $50 million a year.
 Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets : So if I could follow up. How should we think about your outlook for the magazine business perhaps for the next 12 months?
Dave DeVoe: In our magazines and insert business, really our insert business, that’s a very good business. It's a highly profitable business on the margin side, it generates total cash and it's a business that we expect to continue to grow. I think we grew it somewhere around 4% or something in the current year and you’ll see us exceed that as we go to the mid to upper single-digits sort of growth rate.
Rupert Murdoch: This year we expect it to do better.
 Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets : Thank you. Operator And next in queue we go to the line of Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse First Boston.
 Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thanks very much. I just wondered if you could talk about the advertising expectations you have outside of the U.S. in fiscal '07 with the U.K., Australia and also what you're expecting for Star, whether there is continued investment expectations in that business or if it's going to be a more stable environment.
Rupert Murdoch: I think we'll continue to see growth in Star and in both Australia and the U.K. Some small growth but pretty flat, to be honest. We are increasing our share of market in both places, quite dramatically, and we'll also be having certainly in Britain some selective price rises.
Operator: Thank you very much. Next we go to the line of David Roberts with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, sir.
David Roberts - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. A quick question on the guidance in '07. Obviously in '06 a large discrepancy between the growth rates you're achieving at the operating income line and EPS, given the strength in associates. I was wondering if you could provide with us with a little more color on what you're expecting beyond or below the EBIT line for '07 given the associate profile. And just touch on whether you're expecting any major syndication sales to flow through the film business in '07?
Dave DeVoe: We're really not prepared to give guidance. Principally because we have two very large associate entities, one of which doesn't provide guidance, that is BSkyB and the other, DIRECTV, which is on a calendar year, not on a fiscal year, so we can't really go through the same process that we go through when we provide guidance with respect to the operating income. So on that basis, we can't provide EPS guidance.
Peter Chernin: As for syndication, I think it's already been announced that we're in the process of selling Family Guy into syndication for a September '07 launch, fiscal '08 and we sold it to the Tribune stations and their markets, and we are out in the processes of selling it to additional markets right now.
Operator: Our final question on the analyst side comes from our next participant in queue who is Alex Pollak - Macquarie Securities. Please go ahead, sir.
 Alex Pollak - Macquarie Securities: Thanks very much for that. Very quickly, lots rumors floating around about AT&T and DIRECTV, and I think somehow it's tied up with Clear Wire and WiMAX licenses which I think are coming up either today or tomorrow for auction. I just wanted to get some clarification on how you're thinking about the bundling strategy with the satellite platforms on a global basis. And how you're thinking generally about acquisitions because aside from that which you've done on the digital business, there hasn't been much of that. Lastly, just a housekeeping question on the level of accelerated depreciation in the U.K. newspapers next year.
Rupert Murdoch: Lot of questions there. I understand your speculation about AT&T. We will, as I've said, be getting into their areas with our deal with Earth Link. But other than that, we have deals with Verizon and still Bell South for another year which are running extremely well for us. BskyB we've announced we have launched already a triple play which will probably take 18 months to spread out across the whole country. In Italy, we’ll sell to anyone, our product. There is negotiation there on how we would and what price we would sell our product for some broadband arrangement to cover that country.
Dave DeVoe: The accelerated depreciation on the project is 50 million pounds in '07 which is the same as it was in '06.
Rupert Murdoch: Will that be the same in ’08 again?
Dave DeVoe: Yes.
Rupert Murdoch: One more year. Two more years.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) First in queue representing The Financial Times we go to the line of Aline van Duyn . Please go ahead.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: Hello. Good afternoon. I just wanted to ask about SKY Italia. Your comments suggest that there have been absolutely no discussions about taking a stake, some kind of a stake Telecom Italia taking a stake in SKY Italia or some kind of an exchange. Can you confirm that?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, there is nothing serious going on there. So far all I can say there's been some vague talks about some product.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: So vague talks about content but no discussion about --
Rupert Murdoch: Content, right.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: The second thing I just wanted to ask regarding your references to discussions with Liberty, are you expecting a deal to take place before the shareholder vote on the rights plan?
Rupert Murdoch: Look, I just don't know. I'm not prepared to predict.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: Is a deal likely to involve the television, the U.S. television licenses?
Rupert Murdoch: We're not going to get into that. I'm sorry.
Operator: Thank you very much. Representing Dow Jones we go to the line of Serina Saito. Please go ahead.
Serina Saito – Dow Jones: Hi. Regarding SKY Italia, do you deny you want to sell it to Telecom Italia? I was wondering if now that the Company has been profitable for one year if you would consider an IPO as you have said in the past?
Rupert Murdoch: We may well consider an IPO at a time when we think it is politically appropriate.
Operator: We have John Higgins with Broadcasting and Cable Magazine next in queue.
 John Higgins - Broadcasting and Cable Magazine : This moderator has the smoothest voice ever. You should hire him to do voiceovers. Could you give me a little more color on the U.S. broadcast operations, particularly the fourth quarter where revenues were down but operating income was up? You're talking up to Malone about cutting loose a bunch of the TV stations. Could you tell me which stations those are and what that would do to the TV operation?
Rupert Murdoch: The answer is no to the last one. We can't tell you.
 John Higgins - Broadcasting and Cable Magazine : I promise not to tell anyone else.
Dave DeVoe: The accounting is with respect to revenues per unit and we sold our SKY Radio business which is included in our television segment, which is why the revenues were down in the fourth quarter.
 John Higgins - Broadcasting and Cable Magazine : What would the number have been if you had adjusted that out?
Dave DeVoe: We don't do those kind of pro forma.
 John Higgins - Broadcasting and Cable Magazine : Can you isolate just the FOX Networks and the TV stations for me?
Dave DeVoe: No.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Cecile Dorat – Bloomberg News.
 Cecile Dorat – Bloomberg News : Yes, I was wondering whether you are looking at other acquisitions in the digital area; and in particular YouTube the video site has been mentioned. Would you be interested in it?
Rupert Murdoch: No. We don't think so. We already have about 55% as many as they do of downloads of videos and we expect that to increase as we improve that part of MySpace. We are working hard at that right now.
 Cecile Dorat – Bloomberg News : Okay. So you're not looking at other acquisitions at this stage?
Rupert Murdoch: Certainly no significant ones.
Peter Chernin: I think just to echo what Rupert said, I think our main strategy right now is the more time we spend with it, the more potent we realize MySpace is and it's a great opportunity to build continued applications on top of MySpace just as they've done with video in such a short time, to really begin to rival YouTube. So we're really looking more than anything about continuing to invest in MySpace rather than making big additional acquisitions.
Operator: Representing the Hollywood Reporter, George Sealy. Please go ahead.
 George Sealy – The Hollywood Reporter: Good evening, gentlemen. Peter, I wanted to ask if we have any update on the FOX Business News channel, what the latest thinking there is and I wanted to ask a general question about stock options. It seems like some companies have been getting in trouble with past option grants. Are you guys doing anything just to triple check your past accounting that it is all good, or you are feeling pretty safe there?
Peter Chernin: Well, on the business channel, we continue on our same track we've been on for a while which is we're hoping to be able to launch early calendar '07 and we still think we're on that track. Again, launch with significant distribution in place. Hopefully about 30 million subs at launch.
Dave DeVoe: We're very comfortable with respect to stock options and as you may or may not know, News Corp as an Australian company, all the stock option grants that were issued to any executive director of the Company had to be approved, which would include the price paid to grant by the shareholders. We have absolutely no issue or concerns with respect to the stock options.
 George Sealy – The Hollywood Reporter: Thank you so much.
Dave DeVoe: We haven't issued stock options in over two years.
 George Sealy – The Hollywood Reporter: Thanks so much.
Operator: We have Lisa Murray now with Sidney Morning Herald in queue.
 Lisa Murray - Sidney Morning Herald : Rupert, last time you were in Australia you expressed some disappointment with the government's media reform plan. They have since unveiled that. I wondered what your view was now, and whether News Corp would be interested in bidding for digital spectrum?
Rupert Murdoch: I think the answer to the latter part of that question is no and frankly, I haven't thought a lot about it since I left Australia a few months ago. Sorry. I know a lot of developments, but I haven't changed my opinion on what those early proposals were.
 Lisa Murray - Sidney Morning Herald : So will you be lobbying the government or will you have any involvement in the lobbying here against those proposals?
Rupert Murdoch: No, we don't lobby. We just make public what our position is.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Josh Wine with Communication Daily. Please go ahead.
Josh Wine - Communication Daily : I was wondering if you could give us an update on the status of selling videos of TV shows on MySpace? That was launched earlier this year. Has that been successful? Are there plans to take it further or where do things stand?
Peter Chernin: We were very modest. We just sold, I think we just did a small deal with Burger King to sell some episodes of 24 which has done nicely, we are continuing to explore selling electronic sell-through downloads on various video properties. So iTunes which we're already doing, we're looking at selling them on our station's web sites and I assume that we would continue to also sell additional ones on MySpace.
Josh Wine - Communication Daily : Thank you.
Operator: Next in queue we go back to Australia now, John Drewry with The Australian Financial Review. Please go ahead, sir. Unfortunately he has just disconnected himself. If he dials back in we'll try to get right to him. Representing Reuters, we go to the line of Ken Lee. Please go ahead.
Ken Lee – Reuters: I apologize in advance. I feel like I'm really beating a dead horse here, but regarding the SKY Italia question again, I just want to double check that there have been no discussions on either buying a stake or some sort of share swap to take a stake in Telecom Italia. The Italian press has been buzzing with it every other day.
Rupert Murdoch: The Italian press buzzes a lot. I don't think I have anything to add to what I said before. I'm sorry.
Ken Lee – Reuters: I missed that.
Rupert Murdoch: I have nothing to add to what I said before which is that we've had talks which are not advanced, on sale of content.
Ken Lee – Reuters: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Representing The Wall Street Journal next we go to the line of Julia Angwin.
Julia Angwin – The Wall Street Journal: You guys just finished a big management conference in Pebble Beach with lots of very well-known speakers. I was wondering if you could talk about the cost of such a conference and what News Corp shareholders get out of this?
Rupert Murdoch: I think the News shareholders will get a tremendous amount out of it. I hope a reinvigorated and more imaginative executive team in which we had 300 people from all over the world, to challenge them to think about change and the future and it was a great experience. As for the cost of it, I think they just established Gary Ginsberg as the last of the great spenders.
Julia Angwin – The Wall Street Journal: Did you come out with any conclusions out of this conference? Are you going to become a green company or something like that?
Rupert Murdoch: I think we all want to be green but we're not – BskyB has already declared itself carbon neutral. We'll try to spread that right through the company. Depending on the cost and the practicality of it.
Operator: With time now for one more question, we go to the L.A. Times and the line of Sally Hoffmeister.
 Sally Hoffmeister – L.A. Times: Thank you for taking one last question. I would like to ask Mr. Murdoch, I believe in an interview with Charlie Rose in mid-July you said that the swap with Malone, the TV stations are no longer at the top of the list of options to swap to him. I just wanted to know whether I was misinterpreting those remarks and whether there's another choice? I'm not asking what that choice is, but I'm asking is there another choice that's now in the --?
Rupert Murdoch: I would say there are a lot of choices including that one, the first one.
 Sally Hoffmeister – L.A. Times: So that's not off the top of the list?
Rupert Murdoch: Not off the list.
 Sally Hoffmeister – L.A. Times: But it's not at the top of the list?
Rupert Murdoch: No, it's not at the bottom either. There's no favorite at the moment.
 Sally Hoffmeister – L.A. Times: Okay. Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Back to you Mr. Murdoch and our host panel for any closing remarks.
Gary Ginsberg: We don't have any closing remarks other than if you have any further questions, as always feel free to contact our Reid or Craig in New York or Ender Buscher for press questions in New York. Thank you very much for joining us today. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you to our host team. That does conclude our earnings release for this fourth quarter. Thank you very much for your participation as well as for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-05-10 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Ginsberg - IR   Dave DeVoe - CFO   Peter Chernin - President, COO   Rupert Murdoch - Chairman, CEO
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch   Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS   Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein   Richard Greenfield - Pali Capital   Jason Bazinet - Citigroup   Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities   Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers   Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse First Boston   Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank   Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   David Roberts - Goldman Sachs   William Drewry - Credit Suisse   Alex Pollak - Macquarie Securities   Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets
Journalists: Robert Bluey - Human Events   Seth Sutel - Associated Press   John Lehman - The Australian   George Sealy - the Hollywood Reporter   Julia Angwin - The Wall Street Journal   Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times
Operator: Welcome to the News Corp third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Here with our opening remarks is Executive Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for News Corp, Mr. Gary Ginsburg. Good afternoon, sir, and please go ahead.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you, Brad. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's call to announce News Corporation's third quarter results. Joining me today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and CEO of News Corp; Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. So I know today and earlier in the week has been a long one for those of you who cover the media, so we will try to keep our comments relatively brief in order to get right to your questions. Dave will begin with some comments from the quarter that might not be readily obvious in the press release, followed by Peter who will speak about the operational successes we've enjoyed in our film and television segments. Rupert will then offer some perspective on our overall growth prospects as well as the Board's decision today to extend the Company's share repurchase program, before we go onto your questions. Given the late hour here on the East Coast, I would strongly urge you -- and I know I say this every quarter, but I will do it again -- I urge you to limit your questions to just one. Today's call, as you know, is governed by the Safe Harbor provision. On this call, we will make statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors including those described in our public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to be materially different from those in the forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
Dave DeVoe: Gary, thanks very much and good afternoon, everyone. As is pretty evident from third quarter results, we are very pleased with the continued strong financial performance for the Company. In fact, this is the first time in the Company's history we exceeded the $1 billion mark in operating income for a single quarter. Operating income was up 14% over last year's third quarter. This double-digit increase was led by profits at SKY Italia versus a loss recorded a year ago; by continued growth in our TV and Cable segments, partially offset by reduced profits from our Film and Newspaper Group. Our core growth looks even better when considering that the current quarter's operating income was reduced by approximately $52 million from three items not included in last year's results: equity-based compensation expense; amortization expense related to last year's purchase of the outstanding shares of FOX; and amortization expense resulting from our Internet acquisitions. The net impact of these three items is spread among our various segments. Our associate entities also performed extremely well, with equity income in the quarter of $264 million, a $173 million increase over last year's level. This improvement is primarily from our share of higher DirecTV and SKY Latin American earnings. In bottom line, News Corporation reported net income for the quarter of $820 million, more than double the $400 million reported last year. Our earnings per share for the quarter also doubled to $0.26 from $0.13 a year ago. Included in this year's third quarter results is $170 million of other income. This is primarily from the gain on the sale of our interest in Enova -- this is our satellite pay television platform in Mexico -- to DirecTV, and an unrealized loss on the fair value of exchangeable debt securities. These together contributed $0.04 per share to our EPS. Now I would like to highlight a few items from our operating segment. Films and Entertainment reported second quarter operating profit of $225 million. This is down $26 million from last year, but still a very solid result. This decline is mostly a function of the comparison to the particularly strong home entertainment results and releases that we had a year ago. It does not yet reflect profits from the success of Ice Age 2. The release of Ice Age 2 at the very end of the quarter actually reduced our third quarter profits, as the bulk of its releasing cost hit the quarter while only a minimal amount of the more than $590 million in cumulative worldwide box office receipts were recognized. This is going to be a very profitable movie and this performance sets us up well not only for the fourth quarter, but also for fiscal 2007. Turning to Television, our third quarter operating income was up $65 million, a 29% increase. This significant improvement highlights the benefits from our ratings success at the network which is a very positive carryover effect to our stations. The strength of our schedule also resulted in lower series cancellation cost as compared to last year. Peter will give you more information on the network in a minute. I should also note that while total Television segment revenues were down in the quarter from a year ago, included in last year's results was about $170 million of revenues associated with the broadcast of the Super Bowl. We were able to offset much of that with this season's prime time strength in post-season sports. As has been the case for the past few years, our Cable Network segment continues to deliver strong growth with revenues up 33% and operating profit of 23% on a combination of strong ratings and affiliate increases. You will note that the current quarter includes the consolidation of the Florida and Ohio state regional networks after their acquisition in April 2005. Also, last year's quarter included a benefit from not having any NHL rights cost. This is due to last year's strike. The net of these items is a combined $13 million positive impact on the operating income quarter-over-quarter. The largest growth driver in the quarter this year was SKY Italia with third quarter operating income of $69 million, a $90 million improvement from last year. This business is really developing well with all key matrix on track. Gross additions in the quarter of approximately 178,000 resulted in net additions of 112,000; and ending subs of 3.71 million. This put us on pace to meet our 3.8 million to 3.9 million subscriber estimate for our fiscal year end. ARPU for the quarter of approximately EUR46 is up 3% over last year, reflecting the nearly EUR2 price increase that went into effect last fall. SAC in the quarter approximated EUR235 per subscriber. This is about the same level as last year. Annualized churn in the quarter was 7%, an improvement over last year's third quarter. Considering all of these factors, SKY Italia is well on pace to generate a $200 million U.S. profit improvement over last year's results. Shifting to our Print businesses, I'd like to give you a little more detail behind the newspaper results. Overall trends for our major mastheads in both the United Kingdom and in Australia were essentially in line with last year. Our circulation revenues were up in both territories, primarily from color price increases. Advertising revenues in the quarter were up a little in Australia and down slightly in the United Kingdom. However, total newspaper segment operating income for the quarter was down $33 million compared to last year, primarily due to the absence of the operating income from the TSL Education business that we sold last October; costs associated with the launch of a consumer magazine division in the United Kingdom; and a stronger U.S. dollar in the period. Our cash flow during the quarter was strong. We generated $1.4 billion in cash flows from operations less capital expenditures. We continue to be active with our share buyback program, purchasing more than 44 million shares in the quarter for a total of $740 million. This brings the total repurchases to more than 151 million shares for a total of nearly $2.5 billion since we started last June. We've paid down more than $800 million in debt in the quarter and our ending cash balance was $5.3 billion with gross debt of $11.4 billion, our net debt position was $6.1 billion. Finally, let me address our guidance for the current year. During our earnings call in February, we indicated an expectation that fiscal 2006 operating income growth would be approximately 12%. Based on the assumptions inherent in our projections, we are still comfortable with this 12% growth estimate for the current fiscal year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter, who will provide you additional comments.
Peter Chernin: Thank you, Dave. I know it's been a long day for many of you, so let me get right to it and touch on just a couple of salient items, some of which relate to today's results and some of which will have a more meaningful impact down the road. Let me start with two topics that are having a significant influence on current year results; namely the success of our broadcast network and our film studio. At SBC conventional wisdom held it that it would be very difficult for us to repeat our ratings victory from a year ago. Well, with only two weeks to go in this current season, it looks like we will defy that wisdom and we will be the ratings victor again this year, winning the coveted top spot among adults 18 to 49. Even more impressively, we will do it despite not having the lift from the Super Bowl this year. So here are the facts. Our prime time entertainment ratings this year are up 14%, excluding the Super Bowl a year ago and Major League Baseball. We consistently win three of the seven nights each week and we have finished for 11 straight weeks as the number one network in adults 18 to 49, a record for our network. Now obviously, American Idol is a huge contributor to this success, with ratings this season up an astonishing 13% over a year ago. I think -- and this is the most important part -- our success is not confined to Idol, and it's not confined to just the Idol nights. What's truly exciting to us is that we're heading into next year with more bona fide hits and fewer holes to fill than ever before. We now have an arsenal of established series, most of which are continuing to grow. This is led by House, which is up 26% in its second year, and just last week was the third-highest rated show in all of television. 24, which is up 12% in its fifth season, which is the largest fifth season increase of any drama in over 15 years. And Family Guy, which in its first full season since returning to the broadcast network, has grown its time slot by nearly 50%; and that's against one of the top shows on television, Desperate Housewives. Equally as important, we have also established several new shows that are primed to return next season. Shows such as Prison Break, the second-highest rated new drama of the season; Bones, which has raised its time slot household viewership by nearly 50%; and American Dad, which again performs extremely well against Desperate Housewives at 9:30 on Sunday. So with more established shows set to return than ever before, with more rating points at our disposal and with more returning series expected on all seven nights, we head into the upfront and our next broadcast season in really the most competitive position we've ever been in. This would be reflected not only on the network, but also across our television stations to next season. Quickly turning to Film, as Dave alluded to, we were down slightly in the quarter, but this is by no means indicative of the strength of our film business. We continue to have great consistency and superior performance across our entire slate. Interestingly, if we had released Ice Age 2 three weeks earlier -- similar to the time we released Robots a year ago -- we would be talking about significant increases in the Film results for the quarter. Now the success we have enjoyed with the Ice Age franchise, which is right now surpassing $600 million in worldwide box office, is a microcosm, almost of paradigm of the success we have enjoyed now for almost six straight years in our Film business with earnings increasing each year in that span. So let me give you a couple of the highlights of the movie. First, it was created at a fraction of the cost of almost every other CGI film. Next, it was marketed cleverly to ensure that the target audience was reached, and reached often. This was a great example of our ability to use the resources of News Corp's sister properties. Our TV stations, our broadcast network, our newspapers, our cable channels and our Internet properties were all deployed to help us open the film. It was leveraged across our international distribution platform and just last week surpassed $400 million in international box office alone. As a result of all this, it will be a very profitable film for this Company for years to come and I think is another ongoing franchisees which we can continue to exploit in new movies and new releases. One other point I want to make on Film is that while we were down in the quarter due to the timing of home entertainment sales a year ago, we continue to have very strong success with our new releases on DVDs. Walk The Line shipped over 8 million copies; Transporter 2 shipped over 3 million; and we are just right now in the middle of the DVD releases of The Family Stone, Big Momma's House 2 and Cheaper by the Dozen 2; all of which are rounding out fiscal 2006. Not to mention the theatrical release of the highly anticipated X3. So we expect to have a strong finish to the year in Film. We also took some significant steps during the quarter that will not have an immediate impact financially, but would set us up for continued growth down the road. The success of MySpace is pretty familiar to all of you, but let me remind you of its highlights. We're now approaching 80 million registered users. We averaged more than 30 billion page views last month and we're showing significant growth in revenues and the introduction of new features, including the video section and a comedy section. Some of the other new initiatives that we're working on to ensure our growth for years to come: in February, we announced the launch of Mobizzo, a comprehensive new destination for mobile content on mobile platforms, the first such venture by a major media company. The mobile market is exploding and it makes sense for us to create a content destination for the billions of cell phone users around the world. From FOX Television and movie properties, such as Family Guy and Ice Age to original content produced directly for the mobile audience, we're creating a unique and compelling mobile entertainment offering to deliver directly to the consumer. One other recent development I want to mention is the agreement we reached with our affiliates to share in the revenues from new media distribution of content. By partnering with our affiliates first instead of taking unilateral action as some of our competitors have done, we now have more flexibility to repurpose network content in ways to take advantage of all of the new media opportunities to the benefit of us and our broadcast partners. Just in the past two weeks as a result of this agreement, we announced a deal with Apple for delivery over iTunes of 16 of our hit series, which I think is the largest offering of any content company. Separately, we announced a download deal for American Idol. Both of these arrangements can be very meaningful down the road. Finally, just this week, we have launched expanded new web sites for all of our O&Os, and we're rolling those out across our FOX affiliates. So I am extremely bullish about the new media environment today. Led by the accelerating growth of content and issues, movies, TV and cable properties on new platforms and the continuing growth across all of our properties, not only from MySpace, but including IGN and Foxsports.com. We remain highly focused on the new media growth opportunities across the Company, as well as on sustaining performance across our established businesses. With that, let me turn it over to Rupert.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you, Peter, you really sold me with that. To sum up ladies and gentlemen, we have had another great quarter; 14% operating income growth, strong results from our Television, Film and Satellite segments, double-digit growth in our cable channels and a doubling of net income from a year ago. And, despite a decline in top line numbers at our Newspaper segment, continued resilience in the face of tough climates in both England and Australia. All very good news for our Company that we work to ensure the best positions strategically, geographically and operationally to continue to outperform the sector over the next several years. The Company is solidly on track for the remainder of this year, but also I think for the future as well -- for the next several years in fact -- particularly given how durable our growth engines are proving to be. SKY Italia, for example, if anything it is showing signs of accelerating growth as it approaches the end of its third year of operations. Indeed, with 70% of its costs fixed, and sub acquisition costs declining slightly and a sub base that is expanding steadily, this platform alone will become a major profit contributor to the Company beginning next year and rising steadily from there. Look at our other satellite platforms. Take Direct or BSkyB; both of them, despite fierce competition are expanding nicely and generating significant equity contributions to our bottom line. Both are clear market leaders, offering consumers the best choice of video content and enhanced services. Looking out over the next two or three years, both will continue to be large profit contributors to the Company as they solidify their leadership positions. Or consider our Cable segment and the growth we could achieve through the end of the decade. Our three primary cable channels are growing affiliate and ad revenues at double-digit rates, with FOX News now facing the expiration of its original carriage deals, stands poised to finally reach the level of earnings that it deserves. We're not just focused on growth quarter-to-quarter or even year-over-year, though both are important. At the same time that we would achieve double-digit growth each of the last four fiscal years, we've also focused on how we're going to achieve double-digit growth four, five or six years from now. As well, with the focus on our new media properties and in establishing leadership positions on all new digital delivery platforms. It's also why we're so purposed on building out our satellite platforms. All the while, we're still focused on continuing to develop new cable channels to complement our existing collection of leading channels in news, sports and general entertainment and our fast-developing channels at National Geo and SPEED. All the while we are making investments in fast emerging markets throughout Asia Pacific, where STAR is achieving solid success and where we plan to launch our direct-to-home satellite business later this year. Or in further developing our international cable channel business, as more and more international pay TV platforms recognize the value of our branded channels. We are focused on where our next generation of growth will come from and using the consistent, durable cash that we generate from our slower growth print assets to help finance that growth. At the same time, we remain just as focused on returning value to shareholders. To that end, today the Company announced an extension of the stock buyback program we recently launched last June. Under that program, as David noted, the Company has purchased $2.5 billion of the $3 billion originally authorized by the Board. We have been aggressive buyers because of the value we see in acquiring our stock at such depressed levels. There has frankly been no better use of our cash during this period than investing in new shares, particularly as we continue to trade at such a discount to our media peers and to the overall market. Recognizing that disconnect and the continued value inherent in purchasing new shares, the Board has extended our original program by an additional $3 billion to be completed over the next two years. We expect to continue to be active buyers of our shares so long as the market undervalues the Company. It's a good use of our cash. Appropriately, it returns value to our shareholders and is an endorsement of our own belief that the Company is poised to deliver more strong growth in future. So with that said, Peter and I will be happy to take the questions that you have. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Congratulations, that was a spectacular quarter once again. It appears that underlying momentum is strong across so many of your businesses, so my question will focus on television. First, with the enormous ratings success at FOX broadcasting and the cable networks, do you expect to fully capitalize on these numbers in the upfront? As part of that could you discuss your sales strategy for My TV at both the national and local level, given the advertising split? Will it in any way be tied into MySpace?
Peter Chernin: I would start off and say, look, while I can't predict what will happen in the upfront, I do think that we go into it arguably in a stronger competitive position than we have every been. We're not only having these great results, we are finishing up with a great May sweep; we're the only network to be up in the May sweeps versus everyone else in decline. I think our strategy is first and foremost to convert these ratings increases to volume increases in dollars. We're going to look to combine that additionally with CPM increases and we think we're in a great position to get both; not only because of our own performance, but we also think that some dollars will be freed up by the combination of the UPN and WB. We think we're in the best position to reap those benefits. So I think we're going to look for more. We're going to focus on volume increases, we're going to be pretty patient about it. And you know I do think the upfront may go a little bit slower, but I think you'll see us with both volume increases and with market share increases, both at our network and our stations. The same thing is largely true on our cable channels. We have different strategies for different channels. Some of them are going to be looking for pretty significant CPM increases. Other ones such as SPEED where we have, I think, about a 50% increase in our ratings, we're going to really focus on volume increases at the expense of CPMs. Overall, I think on an ad front, we are feeling pretty good about going into it and pretty good about the marketplace. We're having strong scatter sales across both broadcast and cable properties and we're having low cancellations, so we feel pretty good about all of those. In terms of My Network TV, we have a reasonably conservative national inventory. We believe that we can deliver strong demos, particularly strong female and young adult demos on those, and we have a pretty modest bogey that we have to overcome. I think as we said on the last call, our net UPN prime time ad sales were about $52 million. We believe we can more than make that up. I think that the interesting thing on the local front is that there will be more strong prime time inventory available in our local stations than has ever been before and I think if we can perform halfway decently on the ratings front, I think it will be not only strong for My Network TV, but it will give some strong leverage to those stations because they will have more highly valuable prime time inventory to sell than they have ever had before. So I think that's our overall strategy. The only other thing I just want to say about My Network TV is that we continue to do very well on signing up affiliates. I think we're right now somewhere around 73% of the country already signed up, we have about 15% of the country working and we would expect to be at, if not above, 90% by the time we launch. Finally, right now there is no relationship between My Network TV and MySpace.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Will there be any digital sales?
Peter Chernin: There will be digital sales. I just saw this morning the first generation of the web sites for My Network TV, which looked pretty good and we'll be looking to integrate opportunities on those programs. We're working on some deals with sponsors already for web things, we're working on things for the characters and behind the scenes so there will be a highly integrated web presence of those shows.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aryeh Bourkoff, UBS.
Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS: Thank you. Just two quick questions, not to be greedy after such a strong quarter, but the nine-month number looks like about 12.65% operating income growth, excluding the redundancy. Obviously, you're affirming your 12% guidance, which implies a deceleration in the fourth fiscal quarter. Anything to read into that, or can that quarter continue to be strong, especially given your contents, Peter, on the Film side? The second question is SKY Italia obviously showing all the momentum, especially on the profitability side. Any plans there to do an IPO of some sort in Italy? Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: In Italy, certainly nothing has been decided, although one is under consideration for maybe early next year. But Dave, you'll address those figures; it's not what I understood.
Dave DeVoe: No, no, no, no -- there's nothing to be implied from it at all. Our guidance is for 12% and you shouldn't read into it any weakness in the quarter, it's just basically [safe]. We'll take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson, Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. I will stick to one question. I have one for Peter. Peter, looking at next season, do you see any reason why cost inflation will be higher next year or significantly higher? I guess in other words, I'm trying to figure out, will the strong operating leverage next year translate into profitability at the FOX Network business?
Peter Chernin: We're actually working on the schedule right now. But my guess without seeing it is that cost inflation will actually decrease next year. We had some pretty significant inflation this year with That '70's Show and Malcolm and a new price for American Idol. We'll continue to have price increases for Simpsons, but I think the '70's and Malcolm will probably go away. We have already made our American Idol deal. So I would assume that if anything, that price inflation is likely to decrease on the Entertainment side of the broadcast network.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Therefore, there will be a big margin expansion at the FOX Network next year, or should be?
Peter Chernin: Yes.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Greenfield, Pali Capital.
Richard Greenfield - Pali Capital: Question related to STAR India. You said that STAR operating profits were up 28% year-over-year. Could you give us some sense of what the absolute level of operating earnings are now for the Indian portion of STAR? Maybe just give us a sense on a 12-month basis, how big is that business in terms of operating earnings now? Thanks.
Dave DeVoe: Yes the overall revenues, which we haven't been breaking out, a little over $120 million in revenue in the quarter and around $30 million of earnings in the quarter, slightly less.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet, Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Just one question. If you look at the EasyNet acquisition over at BSkyB and talks about WiMAX over at DirecTV, it seems like DBS companies are increasingly wanting to add to their video capability, in that context, in Italy. Do you have any interest at all in Fast Web? Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: No.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Shapiro, Banc of America Securities.
Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities: On MySpace. I was just wondering if you could talk about the success getting branded advertisers, or branded advertiser receptivity to your efforts to I think you've referred to productizing the site, creating different silos that might be attractive to branded advertisers? As part of that, I think in the past, you have talked about expecting somewhere in the neighborhood of about $350 million in revenue from FIM this calendar year. I just wondered if you could comment on that number in light of the momentum?
Peter Chernin: I think in terms of branded advertisers, we're actually very pleased with how we've done and how we continue to do. We have a great roster of blue-chip advertisers, from Cingular and Verizon to P&G, Pepsi, Unilever, Coke; all of the major car companies like Chrysler, Ford, Toyota; Target, Best Buy, et cetera. So I think we're at a point right now where almost anybody who wants to reach young demos in this country, this is about the broadest young demo reach vehicle and we continue to see growth of branded advertisers coming on the site to reach them. I think that it's accelerating because of the launch of some of the new features. I think the launch of the video section and the launch of the comedy section, I think that those are environments that are highly, highly attractive to branded advertisers. So we see that as a real positive. In terms of the revenue, we're not breaking out figures, but we remain highly comfortable with that $350 million figure and believe that we will have no problem achieving it.
Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Jayant, Lehman Brothers.
Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers: A question for Peter. The timing on launching the FOX Business Channel, is that going to be sort of bundled with the FOX News discussion in the fall?
Peter Chernin: You know, actually, we have gone out of our way not to bundle it because we would like to, whatever leverage we have off of FOX News -- which we actually think is pretty considerable -- we want to focus that leverage on trying to maximize our price, which is the price we think that Roger and this team deserve for their remarkable performance. So the discussions we've been having about the Business Channel have been stand-alone discussions involved in different parts of our cable business. Those discussions continue and I actually think they're going pretty well. I'll say the same thing we've said before, which is we don't want to launch until we have a significant distribution commitment from the cable operators across the country, because we believe we have enough of a track record that we don't want to go through the same sort of investment cycle that we had to go through to launch FOX News or some of our other cable channels. We want to be able to launch with a significant distribution and try and get this thing to profitability very quickly.
Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jolanta Masojada, Credit Suisse First Boston.
Jolanta Masojada - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thanks very much. I just wondered if you could give us an update on advertising trends in the UK and Australia since quarter end and whether in the fourth quarter you will see the contribution of the sale of the UK property?
Rupert Murdoch: I didn't get the last bit, but on the advertising trends, we've had a difficult slog in both countries. In the popular press in Britain, we're down less than half I think what our position is, but we're still down so far this year, but it really varies tremendously week to week.. I could not give you a really firm -- I know this week, we're doing better than last year and better than budget, but that's the first time and there's no saying its going to happen next week. The retail trade is having a very hard time there. In Australia, it has been also difficult but we held our revenues. I think we will hold our profit for the year, if not quite make our budget. But we're doing I think Time -- and it certainly didn't go to many opposition papers -- but it is difficult there. Particularly the telecom industry seems to have cut back on its advertising without being replaced by anything else. It's just hard work in both places. There is not the growth in newspaper advertising that we have experienced in the past, but we are holding on well and certainly improving our competitive positions.
Dave DeVoe: The supplements contributed $15 million of operating earnings in the third quarter of a year ago, $21 million in the fourth quarter a year ago and $43 million for the entire year.
Rupert Murdoch: That's out this year.
Dave DeVoe: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much. Just looking for more details on SKY Italia, Rupert. I believe you mentioned accelerating sub growth at SKY Italia. Was that looking at the June quarter pacings maybe due to the World Cup promotions? If you could flesh that out more fully. Could you talk about how you think the regulatory environment in Italy might be shifting with the changing of the guard there? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: I don't know whether they have a real government, or will have one. But we're not worried about any change in the regulated requirements in Italy. If anything, we think that will improve, but time will tell.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Noto, Goldman Sachs.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Peter, it looks like as we go into fiscal year 2007 in addition to strong ratings gains and CPMs for FOX Broadcast Network, it looks like there's an opportunity on the cost side as it relates to baseball licensing. And our estimate is that you lose about $200 million or thereabouts annually. Is there an opportunity to get that to breakeven as you go forward on these renegotiations, and is it something you're willing to walk away from if you can't get to breakeven? Thank you.
Peter Chernin: I would say, first of all, I think that number is pretty high. I think that we lost -- John, correct me if I'm wrong -- a little bit over that for the entire six-year contract. So we were never losing that kind of money on an annual basis, but we weren't making money on the contract. We had an official negotiation period which expired December 31 with Major League Baseball, we were not able to come to terms with them. We have a very straightforward view, which is we like the sport, we've enjoyed our relationship with them and we're more than happy to renew if we can make money on the contract. But if we are not prepared to sign a deal that loses money, and we are prepared to walk away from the sport if that's the case.
Dave DeVoe: Peter, the loss was what we wrote down, so it was about $200 million.
Peter Chernin: I thought it was a little bit over $200 million for the entire contract as opposed to per year.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Roberts, Goldman Sachs.
David Roberts - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. Just a question for Dave. On the free cash flow guidance for '06, are you still on track for a shade over $2 billion? Also just on the guidance, I suspect the performance of Ice Age and the network ratings have exceeded your internal budgets. Given that you haven't changed full year guidance, which divisions have disappointed relative to your expectations when you gave that guidance?
Dave DeVoe: We had high expectations with respect to Ice Age, and so I think we were comfortable with the 12% guidance we gave in the quarter. It was a light year versus the quarter three months ago and we're confident with the 12% we just gave today.
David Roberts - Goldman Sachs: And on the cash flow?
Dave DeVoe: We're forecasting our cash flow to be around $2 billion. It could be slightly less, depending on timing of capital expenditure programs.
David Roberts - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Drewry, Credit Suisse.
William Drewry - Credit Suisse: Just a question on SKY Italia. I'm just wondering, given the success that you've had on turning it to profitability, very solid profitability this year. I just wondered, looking out next year and beyond, what kind of growth rate could we expect in terms of operating profit from here? How much leverage is still left in the business? Also, if you were to IPO it, would that be an IPO that would be consolidated and take it below the operating line, or would it be sort of putting a stub out there in the market in terms of News Corp as a whole?
Rupert Murdoch: Certainly not take it out of our operating profit. Dave, are you prepared to give guidance on --
Dave DeVoe: We're not prepared to give guidance on where SKY Italia might do, but I do think it's pretty easy to do the math by taking the sub growth. That's essentially a fixed cost business.
Rupert Murdoch: You could take what happened last quarter and what will happen in the current quarter. But we're not prepared to make a firm forecast.
William Drewry - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Pollak, Macquarie Securities.
Alex Pollak - Macquarie Securities: I had a question just on the newsprint, with the online hit from the newspapers, was pretty much approximating the offline readership that you're getting with the papers. What opportunities do you see going forward to monetize those online newspaper properties? It seems to me that investors are getting the online component of the newspapers for free yet because it hasn't yet started to roll in. Can you see a point where those ads are going to start to roll in soon?
Rupert Murdoch: Strong increases in advertising on the online, papers both in Australia and in Britain; and at FOX News here of course, which is in profit, the online. They are not big profits and they're not at this stage showing signs that they're going to replace fully what we may lose. But we are not losing much and as long as we can remain the dominant newspapers in our markets, we're not too worried.
Alex Pollak - Macquarie Securities: Good, thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: The real worry is for papers that are totally dependent on classified advertising for their cash flows, and none of our papers are particularly strong in that. About GBP3 million or GBP4 million pounds in the Sunday Times in London.
Gary Ginsberg: We'll take one more question from the investment community, and then let's go into the press call if we could, please..
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Helfstein, CIBC World Markets.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Thanks. Just a question about multi-platform ahead of the upfront. Not to front-run your upfront presentation, but can you talk about besides television, what other types of platforms you will be talking to advertisers about in your upfront discussions? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: I think most of what we're trying to do is advertisers are clamoring for opportunities to have new media opportunities that are associated with the broadcast opportunities. So we have created those not only across our own properties, our own FIM properties, you know MySpace and IGN and FOX Sports, but we're also making separate deals with pieces of our content so that we're looking at deals with things like Family Guy and 24, et cetera. I think the other thing worth noting is, we did actually as a company, a pre-upfront presentation to all of the advertisers about a month ago called Generation FOX which was really aimed at pointing out how, if you combine the various FOX properties -- the broadcast networks, our cable channels, our Internet properties and our mobile properties -- we have an unduplicated ability to reach young people in this country. I think that's the thing we're really focused on. We're really focused on those advertisers and we're trying to reach young people and how do you combine our broadcast properties, our FOX mobile properties, Mobizzo, our Internet properties, MySpace and really reach them in ways that I think no other media company can duplicate. So we have already laid out that presentation to the advertisers. I think it was very well-received and we're looking at doing integrated deals that integrate our broadcast and our leading cable properties with various new media opportunities associated with them.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Just a follow-up on that. So to the extent that on advertisers, you're going to lock up an advertiser for a set amount of money, will they have the flexibility this year, let's say within the sum that they committed to you in the upfront, to move that around to some of the interactive properties as things emerge during the year? Because that's some of the themes that we've heard from the agencies about their flexibility.
Peter Chernin: The truth is, we have not been asked to do that. We've already written a number of key deals on some of our broadcast and cable properties and some of our sports properties where there have been specific amounts set out for each individual property. I don't see how you can do too much of that. We're selling our ads for a fixed price on the network and I assume we probably be willing to let them buy fewer ads if they wanted to move that money over to new media properties. What they seem to be focused on is coming up with a product that allows them to reach their constituencies on multiple platforms and looking to lock in what that product and what the pricing of that is going to be upfront, and we certainly have the capabilities to offer that to them.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Robert Bluey, Human Events.
Robert Bluey - Human Events: Hello, Mr. Murdoch, thank you for the briefing on the earnings. Turning political for a moment, I wanted to ask, given the fact that Hillary Clinton has compiled a record of liberal positions such as increasing taxes and supporting partial birth abortion and opposing Justices Roberts and Alito for the Supreme Court, what are conservatives to make of your sudden willingness to support her financially?
Rupert Murdoch: It will be pretty modest support and it's giving the opportunity to people in our office who want to join us at a breakfast to hear her. We think that she has been effective on state issues and local issues here in New York, she's been an effective and good senator. If people want to come to breakfast for $1,000 they're welcome. It's no big deal -- this is not a $1 million raising, and it has got nothing to do with anything other than her Senate re-election.
Robert Bluey - Human Events: So you're standing by and you're going to continue to hold the fundraiser?
Rupert Murdoch: Oh, sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Sutel, Associated Press.
Seth Sutel - Associated Press: Good afternoon, everyone. Just two quick ones if I could, please. Could you please update us on the status of your talks with John Malone? I see he said the other day that he is optimistic about resolving the talks with you guys before the shareholder vote. Also, could you please go into a bit more detail about what other kinds of new platform distribution agreements you're contemplating now that you have this agreement in place with your affiliates? I saw the iTunes deal the other day. Could you give us an idea of what else is in the pipeline, please? Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: I will answer the first part and Peter the second. I would just say that we share John's optimism.
Peter Chernin: We are currently in discussions with lots of different platforms and lots of different advertisers and we would expect to have a fairly steady stream of new announcements over the months ahead. We will make those announcements when we make them. So we are talking to and negotiating various people and we continue to participate in the migration of what we think is some of the best content in the world to various new media platforms. We see great enthusiasm both on the part of those platforms and on the part of advertisers to participate in that. So we'll have announcements to make frequently over the weeks and months ahead.
Seth Sutel - Associated Press: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lehman, The Australian.
John Lehman - The Australian: Just one question for Mr. Murdoch. Having made several successful Internet acquisitions over the past the year, I wondered if you had any views or comments on John Fairfax Holdings' recent decision to spend AU$625 million on a New Zealand online auction site, Trade Me?
Rupert Murdoch: No, I don't really have anything to say about it. I was surprised when I read it, but I don't know really anything about it and I'm not capable of commenting on it. I'm sorry.
John Lehman - The Australian: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Sealy, the Hollywood Reporter.
George Sealy - the Hollywood Reporter: Good afternoon Mr. Murdoch. It seems like you guys are not involved in the Univision auction, and I was wondering if you can give us a little bit of color; what kind of thought process you went through and what the main driving factor was for you guys not to even look at this much more closely?
Rupert Murdoch: Well, if we were to buy it, we would end up with four television stations in all of the major markets, which is clearly illegal. Secondly, I know Jerry Perenchio well; he's a good friend of mine and he always seems to know when to sell. So I don't spring to attention when he's putting something on the market. But seriously, it's just not a possibility. It's a great market and a growing market and I'm sure someone will do well with it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julia Angwin, The Wall Street Journal.
Julia Angwin - The Wall Street Journal: I was wondering if you could update us on the status of your efforts to make MySpace safer? I think last quarter you said you were putting a lot of efforts behind that. How far are you along, and has that convinced advertisers to buy run of network, or are they still only buying in certain safe areas of the site?
Rupert Murdoch: Peter, if you want to handle that? We have done a tremendous amount.
Peter Chernin: I think we have done an awful lot over the six months that we have owned the site, ranging from adding additional parental controls, adding additional advice to users, both parents and kids on the site; appointing a chief safety officer, working closely with parents' groups and teachers' groups and various educational groups; working closely with some of the states' Attorney Generals. So I think that we've really worked hard on this. Again, I think as we said at the beginning, we don't think that the site was ever unsafe, unfortunately people behave badly all across the Internet, and our job is to provide the greatest amount of protection and advice and guidance to our users to exhibit the safest kind of behavior possible, and we have done that. We have not seen, as I said earlier on the other call, we have not seen tremendous resistance on the part of blue chip advertisers. We have a robust list of advertisers participating on the site. I think that the issues with run of the site versus specific places have less to do with safety issues than they have to do with just volume. Run of the site is 30 billion page views. Certainly in the month of March, we were the second most visited site in terms of page views, on all of the Internet and it's just too much volume for people to have. Clearly, there is more volume in the higher advertising reach on the home pages and some of those first couple of pages seen. I think that will continue for some time; not as a function of safety, but just as a function of effective advertising spend. I don't know, Gary, if there's anything you want to add on our safety efforts?
Gary Ginsberg: I think that's a pretty comprehensive list of initiatives, Peter.
Julia Angwin - The Wall Street Journal: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aline van Duyn, The Financial Times.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: Good afternoon. I wanted to ask about the possible SKY Italia IPO. Are you close to making a decision on that? There's been some speculation that an IPO, a value of around EUR1,500 per subscriber is being talked about. Does that sound in the right kind of range of discussions, or can you give a little bit more sense of that?
Rupert Murdoch: I think we're a long way from making a decision about an IPO in Italy. It was kicked around and we've not made a decision and it's not really on our radar screen to make a decision in the next few months. The EUR1,500, I think that's sort of minimum that I've seen any pay TV subscribers change for in Europe. I think at the rate at which we're growing and turning more profitable, we should probably get a higher price.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: So you're thinking a decision might be made more towards the end of the year, or how far away?
Dave DeVoe: I don't think there's any timetable, Aileen. I think that's what we're trying to say.
Aline van Duyn - The Financial Times: Right, okay, thanks.
Operator: With that Mr. Murdoch and our host panel, I'm going to turn the call back to you for any closing remarks. There are no further questions.
Gary Ginsberg: I think we've said everything we need to say, and appreciate your interest in the Company. Feel free to call us in New York if you any additional questions. So thank you very much everybody.
Operator: Thank you all for you time today. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Murdoch is making today's call conference available for digitized replays for 10 full days starting at 9:15 PM Eastern daylight time, May 10, all the way through 11:59 PM May 20. To access AT&T's executive replay service, please dial 800-475-6701, and at the voice prompt enter today's conference ID of 826062. Internationally, please dial 320-365-3844 again with a conference ID of 826062. That does conclude our earnings release for News Corp. Thank you very much for your participation as well as for using AT&T's executive teleconference service. You may disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-02-09 07:45:00) =====
News Corporation Q2 2006 Earnings Conference Call Transcript (NASDAQ:NWS):
February 8, 2006:
Executives:  K. Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Operating Officer News Corporation   Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer, News Corporation   David DeVoe, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer   Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
Analysts::  Spencer Wang, JP Morgan.   Douglas Shapiro, Bank of America Securities.   Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank Securities.   Michael Nathanson, Sanford Bernstein.   Aryeh Bourkoff, UBS.   Jessica Reif Cohen, Merrill Lynch.   Richard Greenfield, Polly Research.   Vijay Javant, Lehman Brothers.   Anthony Noto, Goldman Sachs.   David Roberts, Goldman Sachs.   Alan Gould, Natexis Bleichroeder.   George Coleman, Citigroup.   Jason Helfstein, CIBC World Markets.   Jolanta Masojada, Credit Suisse First Boston.   Alex Pollak ,Macquarie Bank.
Press::  Aileen Landoon, Financial Times   Seth Sutel, the Associated Press   Julia Unguine, The Wall Street Journal   Sean Ahlmer , the Australian Financial   George Thelay, the Hollywood Reporter
Operator: Gary Ginsberg, please go ahead Sir.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you Brad. Good afternoon everyone, thanks for joining us today. As usual within the call today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and CEO of News Corp., Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual we begin with the financial review of the quarter from Dave and then Rupert will follow and offer some further perspective on some of our key issues. We’ll then take your questions. And as usual I’ll take questions first from analysts and then from the press as Brad indicated. Given how late it is in the day for those of your on the East Coast, I strongly urge you to limit your questions to just one. First of all let me give you some quick legalese today’s call is of course governed by the safe harbor position on this call we’ll make statements within the meaning of the inaudible securities format of 1995. These forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks on inaudible factors including those described in our public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results that are totally different from those in the forward looking statement. And with all that, Dave, I’ll now turn the call over to you.
David DeVoe: Gary, thank you. Good afternoon. As you have seen by the results in today’s earnings release, we’re pleased with the financial performance of the company for the quarter. We reported operating income in the second quarter of $920 million and this is a 4% decline from last year’s results. However, you should note that during the quarter we recorded a $99 million charge related to expected redundancy costs in connecting with our UK printing plant project. Excluding this charge, operating profit would have been up 7%. This result was lead by the reduced operating offer as SKY Italia and continued growth at our cable and TV segments. Partially offset by reduced profits from our film group. Additionally, this quarter’s operating income was also reduced by $55 million from the combination of both stock based compensation expense and this is required under the new accounting standard and amortization expense related to the purchase of the outstanding shares of FOX last year and last quarter’s internet acquisitions. At our associated entities income of $160 million in the quarter increased $112 million above last year’s level. This is primarily the result from our share of higher DIRECTV and BSkyB earnings. Both BSkyB and DIRECTV have reported their earnings so we refer you to the earnings release for information. Other income in the second quarter was $62 million versus the net charge of $114 million in the prior year. The current year’s quarter primarily reflects the unrealized gain on the change in fair value of our exchangeable debt securities. While a comparable period a year ago reflected an $86 million unrealized loss on the same security as well as a loss on our sale of the Multi-Country platform to DIRECTV. In the quarter, our tax provision reflects the $100 million benefit from the application of the American Jobs Creation Act, which permits repatriation of certain foreign earnings at lower rates. Additionally, our minority interest charge declined by $74 million principally from last year’s purchase of the outstanding shares of the Fox Entertainment Group. As a result of these items, the corporation’s net income for the quarter of continuing operations was $694 million as compared to $386 million last year. Our related earnings per share for the quarter was 21¢ in increase from the 13¢ that was reported last year. You’ll also note that below continuing operations we recorded a $381 million gain in the quarter resulting from the sale of the Times Educational Supplement business in the United Kingdom. As required under GAAP, this gain has been reflected as a gain on disposition of discontinued operations. I would just like to turn to the statements for a little more information. The Film Entertainment segment reported second quarter operating profits of $299 million, which is $108 million below last year’s results. This reduction in earnings was in line with our expectation and principally results from particularly strong home entertainment sales last year from a group of very successful films, most notably, “Day After Tomorrow,” “Garfield,”, “I Robot,” “Dodgeball,” and the Star Wars trilogy. During this quarter, driving rather this quarter’s earnings were home entertainment sales lead by “Fantastic Four,”, “Kingdom of Heaven,” “Star Wars Episode III,” and “Mr. & Mrs. Smith,” and continued catalog and pay TV contributions. Our result for this year’s quarter were impacted by the theatrical releasing costs of films released in the quarter including “Walk the Line,” “The Family Stone,” and “Cheaper by the Dozen 2.” Each of these films will provide positive contributions in subsequent periods for us. Our televison production business, 20th Century Fox Television had earnings for quarter above year ago levels reflecting continued strong contributions from home entertainment sales, principally “24” and “Family Guy.” Overall, our television segment reported operating profit of $183 million, a $30 million improvement versus the prior year’s quarter. This is driven principally by the timing of new program launches at the Fox Network and improvement at STAR. At our television stations we report operating profits slightly below year ago level. In the second quarter of the overall ad market decline versus last year as a result of lower political spending. However, the revenues at the stations were approximately equal with last year at the Fox TV station gain market share in the court. Additionally, the second quarter results reflects higher programming expenses from the addition of 46 hours of local news expansion versus the second quarter a year ago. At the network, operating results improved primarily due to the timing of the premiere of the Fox Fall Lineup. This year the season’s primary launch cost reflected in the first quarter while a year ago they were incurred in the second. As Rupert and Peter can comment on, the Fall lineup was well received and rating improvements translated into revenue gains in the quarter. The second quarter result also reflects increase programming costs particularly from movie broadcasts. At Star, revenues increased in excess of by nearly 30% in the quarter lead by India. Operating income improved from last year’s quarter reflecting the continued success of our Indian lineup and contributions from our Star 1 channel which was launched in November of 2004. Turning to our cable network programming segment, this segment once again reported strong results with second quarter operating profits of $262 million a 15% increase over last year’s second quarter results. Growth in the quarter came from advertising, subscription revenue gains across the channels and a consolidation of Florida and Ohio RSN’s after their acquisition in April. These two increases were partially offset by increased programming costs at FX and costs from the resumption of the hockey season. The Fox News Channel continued its growth. Despite increased cost for the various breaking news stories, ad sales increased 7% for the quarter and then were supported by continuous rating gains and with subscriber levels at 88 million. The regional sports networks also continued their revenue and operating income growth, primarily from increases in DBS subscribers. At FX revenues were up approximately 23% for the quarter as compared to a year ago. Driven by advertiser revenue gains and higher affiliate revenues for both the addition of more than 1 million subscribers from a year ago level, and increased affiliate rates. Ad revenue gains in the second quarter were driven by improved prices supported by the channels original programming throughout the quarter and new syndicated programming. Turning to SKY Italia our pay television business in Italy, SKY reported an operating loss of $53 million, which like in the first quarter, is approximately half the loss reported a year ago. Revenues in local currencies increased by 14% inaudible 520 million EUROS, reflecting the growth in the subscriber base. Programming costs increased in the quarter as a result of the increased subscribers. The quarter’s results also includes a $12 million charge resulting from an arbitration settlement from certain programming rights. In the quarter gross additions were approximately 270,000, net additions were 200,000. At the end of the quarter subscribers totaled approximately 3.6 million, 16% more than year ago levels. Sacks was approximately 275 EUROS per subscriber, this is an increase from the 245 EUROS a year ago and this is due to an increase in the take up of our free installation offer. The monthly RPU approximately 45 EUROS to the quarter which was comparable to the same quarter a year ago. SKY Italia has not renewed 96% of the 2.5 million annual contract that expired in this fiscal year. This represents approximately three-quarters of the beginning subscriber base. And with our very high renewal rate continuing through January, SKY Italia is on course for an annual turn rate of less than 10%. Our magazines and inserts reported operating income of $76 million in the quarter, a 4% improvement from last year. The quarter results were lead by higher revenue from our in-store division due to the continued growth and our product offerings. In the newspaper segment operating income in US dollars was $69 million, $115 less than the year ago period. However, as noted earlier, this quarter’s newspaper segment results were unfavorably affected by a $99 million charge related to the redundancies we have now committed to in the United Kingdom in connection with our move over the next few years to a new more efficient printing plant. When the project is completed, we expect our UK newspaper production headcount will be reduced by almost 700 employees, 65% from current levels, yielding approximately $65 million of annual savings in personnel costs. Looking a the impact for the entirety of fiscal 2006, the net effect of the United Kingdom print project on year-to -year operating profit growth will be essentially zero. The cost of the redundancy and the increased depreciation expense will be offset by a gain on the sale of a London land parcel which we expect to close the second half of this year. On an operating basis, circulation revenues increased from cover price increases while advertising revenues particularly in the United Kingdom were lower. In support of the cover price increase, marketing costs increased during the quarter. Also in this quarter, certain of our Australian newspapers were adversely impacted by the 2 Sunday holidays. In addition, this quarter newspapers result as compared to last year were favorably impacted by the inclusion of the operating profit from QPL following its acquisition in mid November of last year. Harper Collins delivered another very strong result with operating profit of $77 million for the quarter, $15 million or 24% increase from results reported a year ago. This year’s results were significantly influenced by the strength in the children’s division title particularly the Narnia series and from the strong backlist reorder sale in the trade group. Before I turn to inaudible the guidance, just a couple of other matters, as required under GAAP I mentioned this briefly earlier, News Corporation began expensing stock options this fiscal year, we recognized approximately $30 million of expense with operating profit in the second quarter related to power option grants. Also during the quarter we continued our share buyback program with the purchase of more than $850 million, 55 million shares. Since we announced the buyback, we’ve repurchased nearly 102 million shares for a total of $1.64 billion. Now we turn to our guides for the rest of the year. In connection with our earnings released announced in November, we indicated an expectation that fiscal 2006 operating income growth at News Corporation would be approximately 12%. Based on the assumptions inherent in our projections we are still comfortable with a 2% growth rate, excuse me with a 12% growth estimate in the current fiscal year. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Rupert who will provide some other comments.
Rupert Murdoch: Thank you Dave and good afternoon everyone. We had another good quarter and on balance I was quite pleased with the rates of growth we continue to achieve across the great majority of our assets. I’m particularly pleased with the progress we’re making in our satellite platforms. In Italy it’s SKY Italia, in England, BSkyB and, of course, at DIRECTV 2. All three are operating in highly competitive regulated environments. Yet all three, this quarter and indeed throughout this fiscal year have beaten back whatever obstacles were thrown in their path to post very impressive numbers. Certainly using any operating metric these platforms are robust, clear market leaders and poised to continue long term growth as their subscriber bases continue to expand. SKY Italia had half a million net new subscribers over the last year. This subscriber growth is particularly impressive considering how uneven the competitive playing field has been for SKY Italia the past couple of years as it has contended with the government subsidized roll out of digital terrestrial television. Despite the money, publicity and marketing thrown behind its alternative multi-channel platform, SKY Italia has thrived as evidenced this quarter in the sharply reduced losses to platform achieved versus last year. As Dave mentioned earlier, in the December quarter, we had a 200,000 net new subscribers, the second largest quarter of new additions in the platform’s short history. I think it’s interesting to note that when the government’s subsidies the DTT roll out exhausted in October, our subscriber additions sharply accelerated and continued to rise through the quarter. Also inaudible 45 plus EUROS while driving down churn below 10%. We are firmly on plan to achieve a full year profitability this fiscal year and to reach between 3.8 and 3.9 million subscribers by the end of June. Long term it’s worth noting that we recently extended Soccer DDH rights through the 2009 season with the three most important Italian teams, Junventus, Inter and AC Milan. Importantly, these contracts were extended at lower rates than the current contract. With more than two thirds of SKY Italia’s costs essentially fixed, the leverage on future profits from continued sub-growth is tremendous. It’s realty e driving force behind why we are so excited about the long term outlook for this business. While its specifics are different, the major story lines of BSkyB are largely the same. Increasing subscriber growth despite stepped up competition continued low churn and high RPU. Two and a half years ago we previewed its infancy and before there was a merge cable offering, BSkyB set an ambitious subscriber target of 8 million sales by the end of calendar year 2005. December the 19th we surpassed that goal. This last quarter, BSkyB added 215,000 net new subscribers, the highest net quarterly addition in the last three years. And their cash flow and earnings have following in suit. Last quarter’s earnings per share marked a 16th consecutive quarter of year-on-year growth. With the upcoming national launch of High Definition Television a roll out of residential broadband services later this year, I’m fully confident SKY will achieve their 10 million subscriber target in 2010 and continue to add substantial equity earnings as the news. DIRECTV reports a net quarter result this morning so I’m not gong into detail other than to say, that we’re pleased with the continued subscriber and abu growth that that platform is achieving. inaudible taking the reduced churn this year and last year are just beginning to bear fruit. And the steps they’re taking to aggressively roll up local high definition, broadband and more above DOD service position, I’m sorry service position the platform well for the next few years. Dave alluded earlier to the investments we’re making at our UK press plants and the resulting $99 million redundancy charge we took this past quarter. Let me repeat just one crucial point, we are making these investments in order to retain our market domination in the highly competitive marketplace. Standing in place with out data technology and limited color capacity is simply not an option. By getting now instead of the old color printing presses a new automated reproduction plans we have secured our future as inaudible the leading national newspaper publisher. Now instead of 1,000 mechanical staff manning our presses, we will be able to make due with 350. Now instead of limited capacity for color in our newspapers, we can provide color on every page. A critical feature to both advertisers and readers. Over time the investment will result in significant cost savings, a better use of product for our readers and most importantly, for you and so we continue to maintain our market leadership and consistent strong profit generation for years to come. Before Peter, Dave and I get to your questions, let me just quickly highlight two other developments not fully reflected in our quarter’s earnings. First, the accelerated rating momentum on Fox network. Peter can provide more color on this. I just want to accentuate that after a solid third half for the broadcast season, we’ve enjoyed even faster growth since January with the addition of American Idol and 24 to our schedule. As of last night, House took a record opening. The return of Idol has been nothing short of spectacular. With season to date 18-49 ratings up 15%. And the result of 24 and the return of 24 has exceed even this growth with rating up 17%. We are also very encouraged with the success of new shows, Bones and Prison Break it continues the strength of shows continued over the Fall including Family Guy, American Dad, House and the Simpsons, now in their 17th season. House in particular continues to amaze. Last night, House posted a 20 share among adults 18-49, its highest rating ever. Season to date, excluding baseball, Fox is up 13% over last year. This ratings trend will generate stronger ad sales at both the network and at our stations. And the series we produce, including 24, Prison Break, Bones, Family Guy and American Dad these higher ratings will include longer term revenues in TV, DVD’s and other ancillary windows. Finally at the risk of sounding repetitive, I want to quickly address the considerable progress we’re making with our internet properties. Development not yet apparent from our reported financials. The largest acquisitions of MySpace, IGN and Scout. News Corp, inaudible in aggregate and are the fourth most trafficked set of sites in terms of page views and sixth in terms of unique viewers. That’s in the United States in the internet. At MySpace alone, we have 46 million registered users in quarter end a 45% increase in just three months before. Now a month later we are over 50 million. Every single day we register more than 200,000 new people a trend that shows no sign of slowing. inaudible about 50% of total US ad impressions on the internet, closing in on 20 billion impressions a month. That puts us behind only Yahoo. A mandate now is clear. To monetize this vast audience we target advertising made possible by the wealth of information we have from our own engaged patchnet users. The revenue and profit potential of monetizing this audience even a fraction of it, is significant. This calendar year we expect to generate $350 million in revenue from our internet properties and I’d be disappointed if our internet segment isn’t among our biggest growth contingents over the next few years. We’re also very actively looking at new ways to leverage our vast content through renewed digital distribution outlets whether through the internet, video on demand, portable digital devices or cell phones. Digital technology is rapidly giving us new distribution capabilities enabling content companies to reach people in far greater numbers anywhere at any time. This is in fact a great time for media companies such as ours. With our vast libraries and ability to create new appealing content we’re positioned to capitalize on these new revenue streams. We’re in discussion with all major players in this arena, we’ll announce deals when we’re convinced they will create real value. Last year we successfully tested these waters with Moby Surge, 24 and American Idol downloaded to cell phones. More recently, we announced a video on demand deal with some of our Fox and FX shows from DIRECTV. And we expect to have some additional announcements shortly. An exciting time and we look forward to the challenges of capturing these new opportunities. So, thank you very much and with that, I’d like to turn it over for your questions.
Operator: Indeed, and thank you very much Mr. Murdoch, Mr. Chernin and our panel for your time and that presentation today. And ladies and gentlemen as you just heard at this point we turn towards your questions and comments. We invite you to queue up by simply pressing star then 1 on your phone keypad. You do hear a tone indicating you’ve been placed in queue and if your question or concern is addressed before you’re called on you may remove yourself from the que by pressing the pound key. As I mentioned in the opening of today’s earnings release, we’ll take questions first from members of the financial and analysis community and immediately move into members of the press, so we ask that you would queue up at this time as well by pressing star 1. And first in queue representing Merrill Lynch we go to the line of Jessica Reif Cohen, please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen.: Thanks. This question is for Peter. About UPN in the Fall, can you talk about what the stations will program and maybe talk a little bit about what’s going on in terms of advertising both local for this station and national for the network? If I could sneak one more in, Gary, Peter could you just talk a little bit about inaudible the calendar for 06. Disney seems a little more optimistic about home video trends, I’m just wondering if you’re seeing that as well?
Peter Chernin: Yes, I would say starting with UPN, Jessica, we’re actually, believe this is a positive for the entire market including our stations. You know we think that there will be ratings freed up among younger demos, which we expect to be the main beneficiary on the Fox network. We think there will be advertiser’s dollars freed up which we hope to exploit. We think it will be better for the syndication market, better for the town market and I think it’s important to point out that UPN Prime Time represented about $50 million net of our station revenues and so we’re working on a number of things right now. We looking at some unwire network things, we’re talking with all of the other stations out there and seeing plans that we come up to supply other stations with programming. We will hopefully be ready to announce something in the next several weeks. We think net, net that this is a real positive for us. On the advertising trend front, you know we’re actually seeing a pretty good quarter right now, you know we’ll have a down month because of the Olympics in February but we expect the first quarter to be up and we’re seeing you know a strengthening across all segments of the business probably the softest piece is domestic autos, but we’re seeing increases in financial services, telcos, movies, fast food, retail, etc., so I would say across all of our platforms, advertising is actually heating up a little bit. And I think we remain reasonably confident about the movie business. You know I think that this quarter was a bit of an anomaly because of comparisons with you know what was a sort of extremely large DVD market a year ago, you know with “Day After Tomorrow,” “Garfield,” “I Robot,” and “Dodgeball” all in the same quarter a year ago. And DVD releases for this quarter while they were strong, “Fantastic Four,” “Kingdom of Heaven,” two of the big ones, “Star Wars III,” “Mr. & Mrs. Smith,” were only distribution deals for us, so they didn’t match the same kind of revenues that we had got from movies last year which we owned 100% of. So we continue to feel pretty good about the movie business over all, we feel very good about our theatrical success over the Christmas period. You know, with (inaudible), “Family Stone,” “Cheaper by the Dozen,” now “Big Mommas House,” and we’ll begin to see that success translated into home video profits later in the year.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you very much and next we go to the line of William Drewry, Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
William Drewry: Thank you a TV network question I guess for Peter. Just wondering what the success of the ratings momentum what we might be able to expect in terms of full year profitability or less losses and then also just what that’s going to mean for programming development and potential bottom line leverage looking into next season as well? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: Well I think that, I certainly don’t want to predict but we think we will close the gap on loses because of our ratings success. I think it’s important to note it’s clearly not just American Idol, it’s 24, it’s House, Bones is picking up, we’ll bring back Prison Break in March so we have tremendous ratings momentum going on throughout the rest of this broadcast year. We expect to see that reflected on the network and hopefully also on the station level. You know our development for next year appears to be reasonably ordinary. What I mean by that is not from a creative point of view but you know we’re not doing any excessive spending. I think the big leverage on next year’s performance from a network perspective is you know we have some very high priced series, Malcolm in the Middle, and That 70’s Show, which are going into – this is their last season, and they will be replaced by much, much less expensive series. So I think that clearly it’s incumbent upon us to replace them with successful series but if we can replace them with series of equal success we have a big positive benefit because they will be much less costly.
William Drewry: Thank you.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Aryeh Bourkoff representing UBS, please go ahead.
Aryeh Bourkoff: Thanks so very much. Just two quick ones. If you add back the $99 million of the newspapers expense and the $12 million for the program write down, is it right to say that you know $1.03 billion EBIT number or up 8% or so is the right sort of adjusted number to use just to clarify. And then secondly I was wondering if you could talk about any potential interest in Univision as reported today and what your plans are for that segment? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: The answer to your first question is yes. It would be the appropriate number.
Rupert Murdoch: And the answer to your second question is we only read about it today like everybody else, Univision and we will be looking at it.
Operator: We have a question from Michael Nathanson now representing Sanford Bernstein, please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks, I’ll keep it to one. Rupert, turn to SKY Italia and the lower sports cost that you referenced, can you help quantify the type of reductions you’ve seen in sports deals in the past couple of months? And do you have any more contracts to come and what’s the percentage of programming to revenues in Italy now … where you think it can go over time?
Rupert Murdoch: The proportion is certainly coming down, the revenue but I can’t give you the exact figure, I’m sorry. We’re not talking huge figures but I think over a couple of years it will be at least
Peter Chernin: About 10%
Rupert Murdoch: About 10%.
Michael Nathanson: Are there any other sports contracts that you inherited from the merger that could come down over time?
Rupert Murdoch: Yeah, we’ve been getting down to individual sports clubs, there are others we’re adding. We just bought exclusive rights to most of the World Cup coming up in a few months which we expect to be a really big lift.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: A big lift to subscribers. I just heard of the inaudible platforms, what we like about them particularly is these are subscription revenues, which go a long way to balance our dependence on advertising revenues.
Peter Chernin: That 10% results in a very big number because we’re spending over 500 million EUROS on sports.
Rupert Murdoch:
Michael Nathanson: Thank you.
Operator: And next in queue we go to the line of Doug Mitchelson representing Deutche Bank Securities, go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks. Also just kind of following up on SKY Italia, Rupert, I mean Dave said that RPU was flat year to year and Sack costs had risen year to year and commented on the free install plan so that kind of implies that competition is still pretty robust in Italy and returns on subscriber acquisitions had been dropping and I just wanted to make sure you’re bullishness in SKY Italia, can you kind of discuss that. Is subscriber acquisitions still good?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes, the fact that DTT is not being subsidized and their bosses, I think is a help. And also, people that are operating in that area have been losing money and seem to be fairly clumsy about it. Now maybe they’ll improve but at the moment, they’re less of a factor then they were a few months ago and certainly much less to be feared.
Doug Mitchelson: I guess, did DTT kind of pulling back and not being subsidized is that impacted your marketing plans? Does that impact the December quarter or is that more a calendar ’06 event?
Rupert Murdoch: It will be calendar ’06 if anything. No, we are pushing ahead as far as we as fast as we think it prudent. But we do not want to push ahead to the point where we’re going to push the churn right up to an uneconomic level. I think we’re advancing very well, but we are doing so conservatively.
Doug Mitchelson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Douglas Shapiro, representing Bank of America Securities, please go ahead.
Douglas Shapiro: Thank you. Can you just remind us of the aggregate printing press investment and the timing of the spending, meaning over what how many years you expect that to occur? And then in light of that if you could also comment on the timing of the charge this quarter.
Peter Chernin: It’s roughly $1 billion of investment in the plant
Rupert Murdoch: Which includes this $99 million
Peter Chernin: That’s right. And about a third of that will have been paid for in the current year, the balance will be paid for over the next two to three years. The $99 million charge, under GAAP we’re required to make this charge, these employees are not redundant until we obviously commission the plant. So the $99 million will be paid probably two to three years from now as these employees . . .
Rupert Murdoch: Progressively as we bring the plants on, we’ll bring in the smaller one in Scotland on first and it will be followed by the one in the North, Northern England and finally the big one outside London. But the point is we have taken the inaudible right now but the cash doesn’t go out until you know as I said over the next three years.
Douglas Shapiro: I guess the follow up then is the full $65 million in benefits you should realize starting in the third year?
Rupert Murdoch: The full amount, yes.
Douglas Shapiro: Good, thank you.
Rupert Murdoch:
Operator: And Spencer Wang with JP Morgan has our next question. Please go ahead.
Spencer Wang: Thanks. Dave could you just quantify the revenue and EBIT impact from consolidating Queensland Press, the RSN and NSP and then just follow up on Rupert’s comment on Univision. Could you help us understand how it could fit just given your existing TV station footprint? Thanks.
David DaVoe: It’s roughly $60 in revenue and $25 million in profits. I don’t have the other, it’s pretty small. I think it’s about $10 million of operating profit.
Rupert Murdoch: $10 million this quarter. The rationalization of all those RSN’s over a full year were to be a lot more than $10.
Spencer Wang: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you Mr. Wang. Our next participant in queue is Richard Greenfield, Mr. Greenfield representing Polly Research, go ahead Sir.
Richard Greenfield: Hi, in light of everything that’s been going on at Time Warner, as well as the discussion of what’s happened at Viacom, Mr. Murdoch, could you just give us or discuss why vertical integration makes sense for News Corp. and whether you feel the need to own significantly more of the distribution assets than you own currently like DIRECTV and BSkyB, to achieve the benefits of vertical integration? Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: We don’t think we need to own more of those platforms. We certainly haven’t considered at this stage. But should be add other platforms I think we would if the occasion arose and there were at a reasonable price. For instance we looked over the years closely at Sergicouple in Spain and never took the leap because of the price. No I think what we have now gives us a tremendous help in distributing channels and encouraging us to distribute channels. Our proxy in the national channels group which is a small operation and based actually in Italy but selling channels all over the world has become a past grade profit sector. At this stage, not significantly big, but all the indications we’ll be making some hundreds of millions within the next four to five years. As for the principle of keeping all this all these media properties together as a portfolio, I’m a very strong believer in all the integration and the synergies that can be achieved between them to improve sharable value overall. One of the things there that doesn’t show the same rate of growth such as techni America marketing, you know throw up a lot of cash which enables us to do things like buy my space and take benefit of opportunities. We think it’s a good structure and I don’t see any benefit to shareholders in breaking it up. And if you take Viacom, even today’s after today’s lift in prices, it still equivalent of $34 which it wasn’t very far from for two years. So I don’t see the benefit from a marketing point of view and I see real destruction in a company such as ours.
Richard Greenfield: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you very much Mr. Greenfield. Next we go to the line of Vijay Javant, representing Lehman Brothers, please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant: The question for Mr. Murdoch, inaudible of the World Cup Soccer, is there anything Skytel is going to do uniquely, like an HD rollout or DVR rollout or anything, that could potentially impact subscriber acquisition costs?
Rupert Murdoch: I don’t think we’re planning to integrate those moves. They’re on the ball and we will be bringing in I think if we haven’t already, immanently a DVR program. I don’t believe you know DVR’s will be greatly used for sports events in any rate. We haven’t yet moved to doing anything about high definition in Italy, we have in Britain, we are introducing a lot of channels there and we will certainly be the first to do it in Italy. But we haven’t announced plans or even developed detail ones yet.
Vijay Jayant: Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: In this country after we get our next, all our satellites that have been built, we have to have every channel available both in standard and high definition.
Operator: Thank you. And next we will go to the line of Anthony Noto representing Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Anthony Noto: Thank you very much. Mr. Murdoch my question really revolves around the whole internet segment. My sense is that you’re losing money currently on operating income line as it relates to your internet activities and I was wondering how much is that depressing your growth rate this quarter and what’s the absolute loss and when do you see that breaking even and what are the gating factors to get there? Is it, do you have a direct sales force that’s currently selling against the audience that you’ve touched on? And what are the other factors for us to consider? Thank you..
David DeVoe: It doesn’t have a material impact on our growth rate in the quarter at all.
Peter Chernin: And I guess I would say what we’re focused on right now is growing our revenues as rapidly as possible. We’re adding sales people, But you know this think has grown so rapidly in such a short period of time that I think that’s one of our big issues is I think we need to reorganize the sales force, add sales people, and really begin to monetize what’s you know pretty extraordinary amount of traffic and paid views and quick throughs, etc. So I think what we’re focused on it’s a pretty immaterial loss right now, we don’t expect it to get any bigger and we’re really focused on driving up revenues which given it’s not going to add that much expense in the long term should we inaudible to significant profitability.
Anthony Noto: Peter, do you have a sense at this point of what the reaction is
David DeVoe: Comes to my retention bonuses to my executives of the companies that we’ve booked.
Anthony Noto: Sure. I was just going to ask Peter, do you have a sense of the reaction of traditional advertisers of doing a buy across for different platforms, is the selling message to them clear and articulate or are you still in the process of formulating that as well?
Peter Chernin: See I would say we are just formulating that now. We also need, we have some software upgrades which we had to do, you know we’re really working hard to integrate with the technology of these different businesses which were all on different systems. And so we’re trying to build a common ad serving platform and a common ad selling platform. We’re beginning to go out there and deliver a message to advertisers, but we haven’t yet had a lot of sales. That will happen pretty quickly once we have this sort of common platform. And I would say the people we have talked to, particularly, the advertisers aiming at young demos, movie companies, fast food companies, video companies, video game companies are incredibly receptive to the message because you know there’s not greater aggregation of young audience members I think anywhere in the media business than there is currently on FINN.
Anthony Noto: Right. Thank you.
Operator: He’s also from Goldman Sachs, we have a question from the line of David Roberts, please go ahead Sir.
David Roberts: This one’s for Dave DeVoe, you mentioned earlier that there’ll be a land sale later this year that will offset some of the charges you’re taking on the standard as part of this relocation there’ll be quite a lot of land for sale, could you give us an indication of the magnitude of that and the timing? And also on the free cash flow for the first half you had your seasonal issues again, are you still comfortable with around $2 billion for the full year?
David DeVoe: We’re still comfortable with the cash flow for the year. Obviously the magnitude is in excess of $100 million, with respect to the sale of the land. We have a contract, we’re just in the process of going through the approval process. Foreign land it takes quite a bit of time, but we expect to be closed before the end of June.
David Roberts: Is there additional land to sell as well at Whapping?
Rupert Murdoch: There will be. We’re still weighing up how much we sell of the land or do we co-develop it and how much the buildings we intend to stay in rather than rent elsewhere for editorial and back office.
David Roberts: I thank you.
Operator: And here now with Natexis Bleichroeder we go to the line of Alan Gould, please go ahead.
Alan Gould: Yes for Peter, could you update us on the pacings at the cable networks and also the affiliate agreement for Fox News which I guess start rolling over in October?
Peter Chernin: I would say our pacings are up, I think cable was up you know probably close to 20% over all of our things in the past quarter and pacings continue strong in the cable business. Now Fox News is going strong and FX is going very strong and RSN is going very strong, so I think the cable pacings are very strong. In terms of Fox News affiliations you know our first deals come up for negotiations in I believe the Fall. I think DIRECTV in September and Cablevision in October and then generally roll out pretty sequentially you know through the next three years you know we have some in ’07, some in ’08, some in ’09. So and again we have very aggressive expectations from (inaudible) a significant margin that remains the number one rated news channel, so I think one of the real must have cable channels.
Rupert Murdoch: Before we take the next question, I’d like to elaborate on what I said about Univision. I simply said we’d look. We look at things all the time. We don’t have any specific intentions for it at all. And some of the prices that I’ve heard being thrown around we have no intentions.
Operator: And thank you for that Mr. Murdoch. And our next participant in queue we go to the line of George Coleman representing Citigroup, please go ahead.
George Coleman: Thank you. Just coming back to the issue, the underlying gross rates for the quarter, the $36 million other operating charge taken in the second quarter last year, was that the write back in cable on the Adelphia recovery?
Gary Ginsberg: George, that was the, those were costs associated with the inaudible corporation to the United States.
George Coleman: I think you alluded to a 7% underlying growth rate in your opening remarks, that’s net of that charge as well.
Gary Ginsberg: The 7% growth rate is simply adding back the $99 million charge to operating income.
Rupert Murdoch: If we inaudible to the 76% from a year ago it would be a lot more.
George Coleman: Thank you.
Operator: And next we’ll go to the line of Jason Helfstein representing CIBC World Markets, please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein: Thanks. Just one question. Could you talk about what impact, what got sold into syndication this quarter and then compared to last year. And then what does syndication look like in the third quarter and the comparison versus a year ago? Thanks.
Peter Chernin: Off the top of my head I’m not sure I think the syndication sales, there’s some ongoing sales but I don’t think there was anything sold into syndication in the quarter. I know we had an X-File sale in the first fiscal quarter.
Gary Ginsberg: That’s right Peter your absolutely correct.
Peter Chernin: But I don’t think there’s anything specific in the second quarter. You know I think coming up, you know what we’re looking at the things that we’re looking at for fiscal ’07 are Family Guy which we have not yet made a decision whether or not to syndicate but which we have very high hopes on and then Reba and Still Standing should both be available for fiscal ’07.
Jason Helfstein: Thank you.
Peter Chernin: And it’s also important to point out that you know at this point our DVD sales of television products are really in some ways turning into our largest single revenue source, particularly on shows like Family Guy where the number is pretty astonishing, 24 for instance you know those are sort of going on in every quarter. But the syndication tends to be in the first fiscal quarter, second fiscal quarter.
Operator: Okay and thank you Mr. Helfstein. We next go to the line of Jolanta Masojada, representing Credit Suisse First Boston, please go ahead.
Jolanta Masojada: Thanks very much. I just wondered if you could talk about you recent asset sales strategy, you recently announced the sale of STAR Radio, a part of the sale of the Times Education business, with your under leveraged balance sheet, can you talk about the logic behind the strategy and are the other asset sales come through?
Rupert Mudroch: STAR Radio was out there on its own. And there was increasing competition although we were doing very well, but we got a good price for it and we were not prepared to sort of make Europe-wide really push ahead with Europe-wide, European-wide radio investments. We’re not in radio elsewhere and we couldn’t see the point. As to the educational supplements, there are a number of reasons, but the one I’ll tell you is that frankly you know that a whole lot depended on all the revenue with classified advertising and we see what’s happened to classified advertising elsewhere in the world. In Britain, 90% of that was coming from government schools and it was just a matter of time before the government department of education opened their own website with all that stuff. So we just thought it was safer to be out of it than in it. We’re not in the business throwing off 20 million odd pounds a year and I hope that I’m wrong and the people that get it do well. We though it was time to move on. We would be wise to amortize.
Gary Ginsberg: Before we get to the press questions, why don’t we take one more investor question and then right to the press.
Operator: Indeed sir, I’d be happy to. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your interest in the call today. Our next analyst question and final analyst question then goes to Alex Pollak with Macquarie Bank, please go ahead.
Alex Pollak: Thanks very much for that. I had a quick question and it’s in the light of the Apple/Disney deal and I had a question about whether Mr. Murdoch you thought it would be a good thing going forward and what plans you had to offer a similar kind of service and whether you thought that Disney made the right decision to so to speak cut some of the value of the syndication platform by putting the programming available on an on-demand basis over the net?
Rupert Murdoch: I think Peter should answer that. Just the one thing. I think the dewrapping that we don’t give on our televisions and a DVR for free. But you go ahead, sorry.
Peter Chernin: I think we are looking to monetize our content in any way we can. We’ve already announced a deal with DIRECTV to begin to offer video on demand. Downloads of network product and I think even more interestingly pre airing downloads of some of our FX products. We are in discussion with Apple, we think it’s an interesting thing, I don’t think it changes the world, but I think it’s interesting. But I think overall what it highlights is you know the significant value in all our content assets and what how technology is going to allow all both us and our other media companies to monetize our content in new and additive ways. The one thing I don’t agree with is part of your question, the idea that this is going to affect syndication. It think there’s a huge difference between you know sort of audience impulse to buy something on demand and the sort of the way people watch syndication. I think certainly we haven’t seen any real indication of you know, cause we’ve monetized our content far more significantly in the DVD business and we see no indication that that impacts syndication. So I think that they are very different sort of impulses and consumers and I think what all this technology is doing is adding additional ways for us to reap value from our content.
Alex Pollak: Thank you very much
Operator: Thank you Mr. Pollak. Well ladies and gentlemen, members of the press we now immediately go into your Q and A session. We invite you to queue up once again.
Gary Ginsberg: Give it one minute
Operator: Very good sir
Gary Ginsberg: Actually, we’re fine
Operator: Okay. And while we’re waiting ladies and gentlemen, you may take this opportunity to queue up just by pressing star 1. One moment please for our first question. We have a number of participants that have queued up. If you’re ready Mr. Murdoch? Representing the Financial Times we go to the line of Aileen Landoon, please go ahead
Aileen Landoon: Thank you. I wondered in light of the strong performance of the satellite businesses how important it is that they become able to provide a bundle of video, phone and broadband offering? How important is that in terms of how quickly they offer this to their customers? And secondly, can you just give us an update on Fox Business Channel and what the plans are for that please? Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: On giving the package with the broadband and video, I think it’s desirable, cable has it. We think it will be a very powerful help to SKY and it’s competition with the re energized and re capitalized cable company. So, we have great hopes for it.  Aileen Landoon Is it as important in the UK and the US and Italy?
Rupert Murdoch: Well we haven’t got around to thinking about it too much in Italy. And it tis, we’ve spoken to Telecom Italia of course and other players there and it there’ll be no problem in making inaudible offers, but not perhaps competitive ones. So we just have to see about Italy. We are working very hard on coming up with a plan for the United States and I think Mr. Carey will be ready with an announcement in the next couple of months.
Aileen Landoon: Okay. Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: As to the Fox Business Channel, we continue to negotiate with a major group of companies and think we’re extremely confident that we’ll have enough subscribers to start it this year.
Aileen Landoon: Any more specific time than this year?
Rupert Murdoch: No.
Aileen Landoon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you very much. And next representing the Associated Press we go to the line of Seth Sutel, please go ahead.
Seth Sutel: Hello everyone, thanks. Just two questions here. Rupert, are you still on track to roll out an announcement for a broadband wireless strategy within the next month or so as per your comments last month? And also,
Rupert Murdoch: Are we ready to?
Seth Sutel: Pardon me?
Rupert Murdoch: Are we ready to announce a roll out?
Seth Sute: Are you still on the schedule of announcing a roll out in the next month or so?
Rupert Murdoch: Yes. Let’s just say a couple of months. Yes.
Seth Sutel: Is there more color you could give us on what you’re considering and what it would look like?
Rupert Murdoch: No, I’m afraid not.
Seth Sutel: Okay. One other thing, what’s your position on Ala cart offering of cable network channels? Is this something you might consider for your own cable networks, or on DIRECTV?
Rupert Murdoch: No, I think it kills the whole business model. You see a lot of the you certainly see a great number of the smaller cable channels appearing all together. And huge increases in price for the popular things such as ESPN and for that matter CNN and Fox News, you want to buy those things one at a time and allow the cable companies their normal profit margin, I imagine you know the prices would go up by hundreds of percents.
Peter Chernin: I think it’s important to point out I also think this would be a real negative to consumers. I think consumers would end up with significantly less choice and as Rupert said, generally higher prices. So it would be higher prices for fewer options.
Rupert Murdoch: It would destroy choice and much higher prices for the channels that survive.
Seth Sutel: I’m sorry, just last one. If the Arbocks end up doing an ala cart model would you feel that you might have to respond in some way?
Peter Chernin: I don’t see any indication that they’re going to do it. I think it’s a typical business model for them to support suddenly the kinds of deals they’ve done with us, the kinds of deals they’re talking about, to be able to carry our channels does not suggest they’d be able to economically do it and we see no indication that it would be a positive for consumers. So we don’t think it’s something they’ll do nor do we think it’s something we have to match.
Seth Sutel: Thanks.
Operator: And next representing The Wall Street Journal, we go to the line of Julia Unguine, go ahead.
Julia Unguine: Hi there. I want to ask about MySpace. Recently there’s been some women who have been talked or met people off line they met on MySpace and inaudible and he was investigating MySpace. What are you guys doing to make it a safer place?
Rupert Murdoch: We’re doing a great deal. There are more safeguards in place now than anybody else and we doing everything we can to strengthen them and to warn the people on MySpace not to give information which identifies them. Also, to police and we’ve got a lot of ways of for our rhythm and find out if there’s anyone on there below the age of 14 we throw them straight off. And we’ll be writing to all the schools in the county, but we are well aware of the issue. It’s an issue which had to be faced by the other big players years ago and we are going to, we are on the front foot in combating it.
Peter Chernin: Julia, I don’t’ think there’s as much evidence as your suggesting there is. I think we are aware that there’s the potential for use on the platform just as there is potential for abuse on any other internet platform and we intend to take as Rupert said, a leadership position in providing service to parents, to schools, to PTA’s to principals in terms of giving them guidance in terms of how to help you kid behave safely on all internet platforms, not only MySpace. Additionally, we’ve been in touch with the Connecticut Attorney General’s office. They have not filed any charges. We are closely cooperating with them in terms of looking for ways of making the internet and our platform a safer place for everybody.
Operato: We have three left in queue. Let’s go to Sean Ahlmer now representing the Australian Financial, please go ahead.
Sean Ahlmer: Incorporating into the US, you’ve done pretty well, your earnings have been strong, your share price hasn’t reflected that though and even it’s not longer an old media story as much as Time Warner and Disney have out performed news quite easily i
Rupert Murdoch: Time Warner and Disney in the last couple of days perhaps. They made a major move with Pixar, but go on.
Sean Ahlmer: The thing, can you do something to spark the News Corp. share price?
Rupert Murdoch: I think we’re doing fine. We do believe that we are undervalued and that’s why we’re energetically pursuing by back, but you know it’s there for people to see and we know what happened. We were hit by SMP tech out in Australia when we ad previously been advised that would not happen. That caused a flood of shares to hit the market and it hasn’t fully recovered from that. But it will. All we have to do is keep improving earnings per share and the market will come to us.
Operator: Thank you very much Mr. Ahlmer and next we go to the line of George Thelay with the Hollywood Reporter. Please go ahead.
George Thelay: Hi Peter, thanks so much. I just wanted to follow up on the question of the UPN situation. Did I understand correctly that you guys
Peter Chernin: Our main goal is to maximize rating and to maximize revenues so we’re open to the best ideas from anybody. And we have lots of what we think are pretty strong ideas ourselves.
George Theley: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question today we go to the line of John Lehman, representing the Australian, please go ahead sir.
John Lehman: Good morning everyone. Question about the Foxtail operation in Australia. It’s turning a profit now for the first time in its history. Just a question for Mr. Murdoch on what he sees as the outlook for Foxtail in the year ahead and the second question about Foxtail, do you think that a deal will be reached with Gary Stokes’ 7 network for the coverage of the AFL from 2007?
Rupert Murdoch: I think that Foxtail is on plan and doing fine. It’s going very well with turning over to digital and as you say it’s now in profit. As for the litigation, I can’t comment on it. Nor if I knew anything would I be able to say anything with confidence.
John Lehman: Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: You’re dealing with a lot of unpredictable.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you very much everybody. This marks the end of the call.
Operator: Very good and thank you Mr. Murdoch a pleasure as always, and ladies and gentlemen, as you just heard, that does conclude the call for today. We’d like to thank you very much for your participation as well as for using AT&T Executive Teleconferencing Service. With that, you may now disconnect.
